<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20020814115927.txt.gz
TIME:20020814115927
EVENTS:	Financial statements and exhibits	
TEXT:
ITEM: Financial statements and exhibits
ITEM: 
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) - August 13, 2002 Commission File No. 1-11778 I.R.S. Employer Identification No. 98-0091805 ACE LIMITED (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands) ACE Global Headquarters 17 Woodbourne Avenue Hamilton HM 08 Bermuda Telephone 441-295-5200
Item 7. Financial Statements and Exhibits All exhibits are submitted pursuant to Item 9 hereof and are not to be deemed "filed" for any purpose under the Securities Exchamge Act of 1934. Exhibit Number Description - ------ --------- 99.1 Certification of Brian Duperreault pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 99.2 Certification of Philip V. Bancroft pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 99.3 Sworn written statement of Brian Duperreault 99.4 Sworn written statement of Philip V. Bancroft Item 9. Regulation FD Disclosure Prior to the filing of this Form 8-K, ACE Limited filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") its quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ender June 30, 2002, accompanied by the certifications of Brian Duperreault, Chief Executive Officer, and Philip V. Bancroft, Chief Financial Officer, required pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. Conformed copies of such certifications are attached hereto as Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2. In order to voluntarily comply with the Order issued by the Commission on June 27, 2002, ("Order Requiring the Filing of Sworn Statements Pursuant to Section 21(a)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934," File No. 4-460), Brian Duperreault, principal executive officer of ACE Limited, and Philip V. Bancroft, principal financial officer of ACE Limited, have attached their sworn written statements pursuant to such Order as Exhibits 99.3 and 99.4.
SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. ACE LIMITED By: /s/ Philip V. Bancroft -------------------------------- Philip V. Bancroft Chief Financial Officer DATE: August 13, 2002
EXHIBIT INDEX Number Description Method of Filing - ------ ---------- ---------------- 99.1 Certification of Brian Duperreault pursuant Furnished herewith to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 99.2 Certification of Philip V. Bancroft pursuant Furnished herewith to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 99.3 Sworn written statement of Brian Duperreault Furnished herewith 99.4 Sworn written statement of Philip V. Bancroft Furnished herewith

Exhibit 99.1 Certification The undersigned officer of ACE Limited (the "Corporation") hereby certifies that the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30,2002, fully complies with the applicable reporting requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a)) and that the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of ACE Limited. Dated: August 13, 2002 /s/ Brian Duperreault ------------------------------- Brian Duperreault Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Exhibit 99.2 Certification The undersigned officer of ACE Limited (the "Corporation") hereby certifies that the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30,2002, fully complies with the applicable reporting requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a)) and that the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of ACE Limited. Dated: August 13, 2002 /s/ Philip V. Bancroft --------------------------- Philip V. Bancroft Chief Financial Officer

Exhibit 99.3 Statement Under Oath of Principal Executive Officer Regarding Facts and Circumstances Relating to Exchange Act Filings I, Brian Duperreault, state and attest that: (1) To the best of my knowledge, based upon a review of the covered reports of ACE Limited, and except as corrected or supplemented in a subsequent covered report: o No covered report contained an untrue statement of a material fact as of the end of the period covered by such report (or in the case of a report on Form 8-K or definitive proxy materials, as of the date on which it was filed); and o No covered report omitted to state a material fact necessary to make the statements in the covered report, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading as of the end of the period covered by such report (or in the case of a report on Form 8-K or definitive proxy materials, as of the date on which it was filed). (2) I have reviewed the contents of this statement with the Company's audit committee. (3) In this statement under oath, each of the following, if filed on or before the date of this statement, is a "covered report": o Report of ACE Limited on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001; o All reports on Form 10-Q, all reports on Form 8-K and all definitive proxy materials of ACE Limited filed with the Commission subsequent to the filing of the Form 10-K identified above; and o Any amendments to any of the foregoing. /s/ Brian Duperreault Subscribed and sworn to - ---------------------- before me this 13th day of Brian Duperreault August, 2002. August 13, 2002 Notary Public /s/ David W. J. Astwood ---------------------------------- My Commission Expires: Upon Death

Exhibit 99.4 Statement Under Oath of Principal Financial Officer Regarding Facts and Circumstances Relating to Exchange Act Filings I, Philip V. Bancroft, state and attest that: (1) To the best of my knowledge, based upon a review of the covered reports of ACE Limited, and except as corrected or supplemented in a subsequent covered report: o No covered report contained an untrue statement of a material fact as of the end of the period covered by such report (or in the case of a report on Form 8-K or definitive proxy materials, as of the date on which it was filed); and o No covered report omitted to state a material fact necessary to make the statements in the covered report, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading as of the end of the period covered by such report (or in the case of a report on Form 8-K or definitive proxy materials, as of the date on which it was filed). (2) I have reviewed the contents of this statement with the Company's audit committee. (3) In this statement under oath, each of the following, if filed on or before the date of this statement, is a "covered report": o Report of ACE Limited on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001; o All reports on Form 10-Q, all reports on Form 8-K and all definitive proxy materials of ACE Limited filed with the Commission subsequent to the filing of the Form 10-K identified above; and o Any amendments to any of the foregoing. /s/ Philip V. Bancroft Subscribed and sworn to - ----------------------- before me this 13th day of Philip V. Bancroft August, 2002. August 13, 2002 Notary Public /s/ David W. J. Astwood ---------------------------------- My Commission Expires: Upon Death


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20030128171117.txt.gz
TIME:20030128171117
EVENTS:	Other events	Financial statements and exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other events
ITEM: Financial statements and exhibits
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K Current Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 27, 2003 ACE LIMITED (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Cayman Islands 1-11778 98-0091805 (State or other jurisdiction (Commission (I.R.S. Employer of Incorporation) File Number) Identification No.) ACE Global Headquarters 17 Woodbourne Avenue Hamilton, Bermuda HM 08 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (441) 295-5200 Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)
Item 5. Other Information On January 27, 2003, ACE Limited (the "Company") issued a press release announcing that it would strengthen the Company's asbestos reserves resulting in a $354 Million net after-tax charge to fourth quarter 2002 earnings. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Report. Item 7. Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits. (c) Exhibits Exhibit Number Description - ------- ----------- 99.1 Press release, dated January 27, 2003
SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Dated: January 28, 2003 ACE LIMITED By: /s/ Robert Blee ----------------------- Robert Blee Chief Accounting Officer
EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Number Description - ------ ----------- 99.1 Press release, dated January 27, 2003
Exhibit 99.1 ACE LIMITED TO STRENGTHEN ASBESTOS RESERVES: WILL RESULT IN $354 MILLION NET AFTER-TAX CHARGE TO FOURTH QUARTER EARNINGS COMPANY PROVIDES UPDATED GUIDANCE WITH RESPECT TO THE FOURTH QUARTER HAMILTON, Bermuda--Jan. 27, 2003--ACE Limited (NYSE:ACE) reported today that it will incur a net, after-tax charge to earnings of $354 million in the fourth quarter of 2002. This decision follows an extensive internal review of its asbestos and environmental reserves, as well as a regular biennial reserve review by an internationally-known actuarial consulting firm required by the Pennsylvania Insurance Department as part of the acquisition of CIGNA's property and casualty operations in 1999. ACE will conduct a conference call to discuss this charge on Monday, January 27, 2003, at 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time. Presentation materials will be available on the ACE Limited web site. ACE Limited will host a live webcast of this conference call beginning at 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time. The public may access the webcast, available on a listen only basis, at www.acelimited.com. Please refer to our website, one half-hour before the call, for further log-in details. A replay of the webcast will be available from Monday, January 27, 2003, until Monday, February 10, 2003, 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time. ACE said that the gross reserve increase of $2.178 billion is offset by $1.860 billion of reinsurance, including $533 million from the reinsurance agreement from National Indemnity Company, a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway. After an addition to our bad debt provision of $145 million, ten percent participation in the National Indemnity reinsurance cover, and a tax benefit of $162 million, ACE will record a net after-tax charge of $354 million in the fourth quarter ($1.32 per share). "ACE's total asbestos reserves are now at the high end of the range calculated by our internal analysis and are consistent with the actuarial consulting firm's best estimate," said Brian Duperreault, ACE Limited Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. "While we believe that there are favorable trends in the judicial environment regarding our asbestos liabilities, the reserve strengthening reflects a more conservative view and assumes that there will be no such future improvements." ACE also provided updated guidance for the fourth quarter 2002, excluding the above charge: -- Estimated operating income of $0.92 per share -- Estimated net income of $0.67 per share -- Unrealized gains in the fourth quarter of approximately $150 million (after-tax) -- Estimated shareholder equity as of 12/31/02 -- $6.7 billion -- Estimated operating cash flow in the fourth quarter in excess of $800 million
ACE will report the full details of its fourth quarter results on February 5, 2003 followed by a webcast conference call on February 6th at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time. The ACE Group of Companies provides insurance and reinsurance for a diverse group of clients. The ACE Group conducts its business on a global basis with operating subsidiaries in nearly 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: www.acelimited.com. Application of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: Any forward-looking statements made in this press release reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements concerning the sufficiency of its asbestos reserves is subject to a number of potential adverse developments including, among others, the willingness of parties, including the Company, to settle disputes, the impact of aggregate policy coverage limits, the impact of bankruptcies of various asbestos producers and related businesses and new theories of liability. The Company's forward-looking statements could also be affected by judicial and legislative developments, litigation tactics, investment market developments ,competition, changes in demand, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving and settlement processes, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverables, possible terrorism or the outbreak of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. CONTACT: ACE Limited Helen M. Wilson, 441/299-9283 (Investors) Wendy Davis Johnson, 441/299-9347 (Media)


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20030429215841.txt.gz
TIME:20030429215841
EVENTS:	Financial statements and exhibits	Regulation FD Disclosure
TEXT:
ITEM: Financial statements and exhibits
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 7. Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits.
 
(c) Exhibits
 
 
Item 9. Regulation FD Disclosure
 
See Item 12. Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
 
Item 12. Results of Operations and Financial Condition
 
On April 29, 2003, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its first quarter 2003 results and the availability of its first quarter financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
In accordance with general instructions B.2 and B.6 of Form 8-K, the information in this report, including exhibits, is furnished pursuant to Items 9 and 12 and shall not be deemed "filed" for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section.
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: April 29, 2003
 

 
 
 
 
 
HAMILTON, Bermuda  April 29, 2003  ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported the results of operations for the quarter ended March 31, 2003. Highlights for the quarter are as follows:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Brian Duperreault, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "This was a good quarter for us by any standard of measurement. We were able to demonstrate the earning power we have been building over the last three years. We benefited from growth in earned premiums, improved underwriting margins and strong positive cash flow. However, low investment yields limited our growth in investment income to 3%, which continues to lag the growth in underwriting income. Our annualized ROE from operations was 16.7%.
( 3 )
In summary, an excellent start for the current fiscal year."
 
Please refer to the ACE Financial Supplement, which is posted on the Company's website, for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, financial guaranty portfolio, investment portfolio and capital structure. ACE's website reference (url) is http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/nys/ace/reports/fin_supp_march_31_2003.xls.
 
ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) will host a live webcast of its first quarter earnings conference call on Wednesday, April 30, 2003, beginning at 8:30 a.m. EST. The public may access both the webcast, available on a listen-only basis, and the financial supplement at www.acelimited.com. Please refer to our website under "Investor Information, Calendar of Events", one half hour before, for further webcast details. Individuals who access the webcast will be asked to identify themselves and their affiliation. A replay of the webcast will be available following the live webcast on Wednesday, April 30, 2003 until Wednesday, May 14, 2003 at 5:00 p.m. EDT.
 
The ACE Group of Companies provides insurance and reinsurance for a diverse group of clients. The ACE Group conducts its business on a global basis with operating subsidiaries in nearly 50 countries. Additional information can be found at:
www.acelimited.com.
 
 
 
 
 
Application of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995:
 
Any forward-looking statements made in this press release reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, the impact of aggregate policy coverage limits, the impact of bankruptcies of various asbestos producers and related business, new theories of liability, judicial and legislative developments, litigation tactics, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, actual market developments, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Application of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995:
 
Any forward-looking statements made in this financial supplement reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements concerning reserves and recoverables could be affected by the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience which differs from the Company's assumptions, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, the impact of aggregate policy coverage limits, the impact of bankruptcies of various asbestos producers and related business, new theories of liability, judicial and legislative developments, litigation tactics, credit developments among reinsurers and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002 and in the Company's earnings press release, which is available on the Company's website. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Through its Financial Services segment, the Company is an active participant in the financial guaranty market. The Company's financial guaranty exposure comprises exposure to municipal and non-municipal obligations. At March 31, 2003, the Company had total financial guaranty exposure outstanding of $82.6 billion of which 60.0 percent represented exposure to municipal obligations and 40.0 percent to non-municipal obligations.
 
The financial guaranty portfolio is broadly diversified by payment source, geographic location, and maturity schedule. The Company limits its exposure to losses by underwriting primarily investment grade obligations. The following details the composition of the Company's financial guaranty business:
 
 
 
 
The greatest proportion of the Company's municipal financial guaranty exposure (23.7%), comprises general obligation bonds that are supported by the issuer's taxing authority and of special revenue bonds and other special obligations of states and local governments that are supported by the issuer's ability to impose and collect fees and charges for public services or specific projects. Maturities for municipal obligations can range from one to 30 years, with the average maturity in the 12-15 year range. The weighted average credit quality of the municipal portfolio was A as of March 31, 2003.
 
The Company's non-municipal exposure includes exposure to asset-backed obligations, including those backed by consumer receivables, commercial receivables and collateralized debt obligations ("CDOs") as well as single name corporate obligations. Legal maturities for non-municipal transactions range from 1-30 years. Maturities of single name corporate credit default swaps (CDS) range from 1-5 years with an average maturity of 1.8 years. The weighted average credit quality of the non-municipal portfolio was AA- as of March 31, 2003.
 
The Company conducts its financial guaranty business by entering into insurance and reinsurance arrangements as well as CDS. Exposure to CDS included in total exposure amounted to $21.5 billion and $20.7 billion at March 31, 2003 and December 31, 2002, respectively. The Company's principal CDS exposure is to CDOs and single name corporate obligations. The preponderance of the Company's CDO exposure is highly rated senior layer CDOs. Senior Layer CDOs are structured with first loss protection in the form of subordination or over collateralization so that the Company's risk typically attaches at or above the AAA rating level. The Company also participates in Funded Equity CDO transactions wherein a substantial portion of the Company's exposure is mitigated by premium. Rate on line for such transactions is typically 75%-85% of the total exposure.
 
Ratings distributions of the Company's senior layer CDOs and single name corporate credit default swaps as of March 31, 2003 are shown below:
 
 
 
Because credit default swaps are considered derivative transactions under FAS 133, the Company is required to mark-to-market its outstanding exposure at each financial reporting date. This is in contrast to the accounting treatment for a similar risk that is written as an insurance contract and is required in spite of the fact that the Company does not trade its credit default swap positions. Rather, its business is analogous to a buy and hold strategy. The mark-to-market adjustment reflects the estimated cost to the Company to purchase mirror protection on its outstanding exposures and is not an estimate of expected losses incurred. Expected losses are provided for in outstanding loss reserves, which the Company believes are adequate. In the first quarter, the Company recorded a FAS 133 mark-to-market loss before tax of $2.1 million.
 
The following table summarizes the Company's scheduled outstanding credit default swap portfolio by year as of March 31, 2003:
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
As illustrated in the table above, it is important to consider the composition of the recoverable balance and the related exposures in three components: Brandywine, Westchester and Active Operations recoverable. Active operations include the run-off operations of CIS. Additional information on reinsurance recoverable on a consolidated basis and for active operations for December 31, 2002 can be found on pages 25 and 26, respectively.
 
The Company's obligations with respect to further funding of the Brandywine runoff are limited pursuant to the Brandywine Restructuring Order under an $800 million aggregate excess of loss reinsurance agreement. (Refer to the "Asbestos and Environmental Claims" section of the "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations" incorporated into our recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002 for additional information about the order and other Company obligations.) At December 31, 2002, approximately $466 million in losses and recoverable bad debt reserves were ceded to the aggregate excess of loss reinsurance agreement leaving a remaining limit of approximately $334 million.
 
As part of the Westchester acquisition, National Indemnity provided reinsurance protection for all losses occurring prior to 1997. At December 31, 2002, the remaining limit in the reinsurance cover was approximately $600 million.
 
The remaining balance of reinsurance recoverable consist of recoverables primarily associated with active operations.
 
Detail on Reinsurance Recoverable on Paid Losses and Loss Expenses
 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Reinsurance Recoverable
 
 
At December 31, 2002, $10.5 billion of consolidated recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 95% were rated A- or better by Standard & Poor's.
 
 
Classification of reinsurer balances excludes any consideration of related collateral or offsetting balances.
 
 
 
Reinsurance Recoverable for Active Operations
 
 
At December 31, 2002, $5.8 billion of the active operations' recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 95% were rated A- or better by Standard & Poor's. At December 31, 2002, the $8.8 billion gross balance includes government pools of $738 million and structured settlements with recourse of $367 million, both of which present very limited collectibility exposure. The Company held collateral of $2.1 billion, of which $1.6 billion was matched and usable against existing recoverables.
 
 
Classification of reinsurer balances exclude consideration of related collateral or offsetting balances.
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Asbestos and Environmental:
 
 
September 11, 2001 Tragedy information as of March 31, 2003:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Top 10 ExposuresFixed Income Investments and Single Name Credit Default Swaps
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation GNon-GAAP Financial Measures
 
In presenting our operating results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important to an understanding of our overall results of operations; however, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with GAAP. Net operating income (loss) is a common performance measurement and is defined as net income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) on investments, the tax effect of net realized gains (losses) on investments and the cumulative effect of adopting a new accounting standard, net of income tax. We believe this presentation of net operating income (loss) enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
 
We exclude net realized gains (losses) on investments from net operating income (loss) because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part, according to the availability of market opportunities. The cumulative effect of adopting a new accounting standard is excluded from our calculation of net operating income (loss). We believe these amounts are largely independent of our business and including them would distort the analysis of trends. Net operating income (loss) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
 
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value Per Share to Diluted Book Value Per Share
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20030506171221.txt.gz
TIME:20030506171221
EVENTS:	Other events	Financial statements and exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other events
ITEM: Financial statements and exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 5.    Other Events.
 
The Company is filing Exhibit 12.1 (Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges and Preferred Share Dividends) on this Current Report on Form 8-K in order to incorporate it by reference into the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-88482) filed by ACE Limited (the "Company") with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
 
Item 7.    Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
(c)           Exhibits
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE:    May 5, 2003
 
 
 
 

 
EXHIBIT 12.1
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20030530101449.txt.gz
TIME:20030530101449
EVENTS:	Other events	Financial statements and exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other events
ITEM: Financial statements and exhibits
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K Current Report Pursuant To Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) - May 30, 2003 ACE LIMITED (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
98-0091805 Cayman Islands 1-11778 (I.R.S. Employer of Incorporation (State or other (Commission File Number) Identification No.) jurisdiction)
ACE Global Headquarters 17 Woodbourne Avenue Hamilton HM 08 Bermuda (Address of principal executive offices) Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (441) 295-5200 Not applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)
Item 5. Other Events. On May 30, 2003, ACE Limited (the "Company") intends to sell pursuant to an underwritten public offering 23,000,000 Depositary Shares, each representing 1/10 of a share of 7.80% Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, Series C (the "Preferred Shares"), (the "Depositary Shares"). Each Preferred Share has a par value of $1.00 per share and has a liquidation preference of $250.00 per share. The liquidation preference for the Depositary Shares is $25.00 per share. The offering of the Depositary Shares and the Preferred Shares is registered under the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-88482), which was declared effective on February 4, 2003. The documents filed with this Form 8-K under Item 7 are being filed as exhibits to that registration statement. Item 7. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (c) Exhibits Exhibit Number Description -------- ------------ 1 Terms Agreement, dated May 7, 2003, among the Company and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Merrill Lynch & Co. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, as Representatives, and the other Underwriters named therein, including the Underwriting Agreement, dated as of the same date and incorporated therein. 4.1 Resolutions of a committee of the Board of Directors of ACE Limited establishing the terms of the 7.80% Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, Series C, of ACE Limited.
SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. ACE LIMITED By: /s/ Robert Blee _____________________________ Robert Blee Chief Accounting Officer DATE: May 30, 2003
EXHIBIT INDEX Number Description Method of Filing - ------- ---------- --------------- 1 Terms Agreement, dated May 7, Furnished herewith 2003, among the Company and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, as Representatives, and the other Underwriters named therein, including the Underwriting Agreement, dated as of the same date and incorporated therein. 4.1 Resolutions of a committee of the Board of Furnished herewith Directors of ACE Limited establishing the terms of the 7.80% Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, Series C, of ACE Limited.

Exhibit 1 ACE LIMITED (a Cayman Islands Company) 20,000,000 Depositary Shares Each Representing 1/10 of a Share of 7.80% Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, Series C (Par Value $1.00 Per Share) (Liquidation Preference $25.00 Per Depositary Share) TERMS AGREEMENT May 7, 2003 ACE LIMITED ACE Global Headquarters 17 Woodbourne Avenue Hamilton HM 08, Bermuda Ladies and Gentlemen: The undersigned underwriters (the "Underwriters") understand that ACE Limited, a Cayman Islands Company (the "Company"), proposes to sell 20,000,000 Depositary Shares (the "Shares"), each Share representing 1/10 of a share of its 7.80% Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, Series C, $1.00 par value per share (the "Preferred Shares"). Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein or incorporated by reference herein, each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, agrees to purchase from the Company the number of Shares set forth below opposite the name of such Underwriter at $24.2125 per Share on the Closing Date. The Shares shall have the following terms: Title of Shares: Depositary Shares, each representing 1/10 of a share of 7.80% Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, Series C Number of Shares to be issued: 20,000,000 Maximum number of Shares representing Option Preferred Shares to be issued: 3,000,000 Current ratings: Moody's Investors Service, Inc. Baa2 (stable outlook) Standard & Poor's Ratings Services BBB- (negative outlook) Dividend rate: 7.80% or $19.50 per annum per Preferred Share ($1.95 per Share) Redemption provisions: As set forth in the Resolutions of the Special Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company for the Preferred Shares Conversion provision, if any: N/A Initial price to public: 100% Underwriting Commission: $0.7875 per share Purchase price: $24.125 per Share plus accrued but unpaid dividends, if any, to the date of purchase.
2
Ferris, Baker Watts, Incorporated 40,000 Fox-Pitt, Kelton Incorporated 40,000 J.J.B. Hilliard, W.L. Lyons, Inc. 40,000 Janney Montgomery Scott LLC 40,000 Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. 40,000 Legg Mason Wood Walker, Incorporated 40,000 Mesirow Financial, Inc. 40,000 Ryan, Beck & Co., Inc. 40,000 Sandler O'Neill & Partners, L.P. 40,000 Southwest Securities, Inc. 40,000 Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated 40,000 Utendahl Capital Partners, L.P. 40,000 The Williams Capital Group, L.P. 40,000 ========== 20,000,000
Closing Date: 9:00 A.M. (Eastern Time), May 30, 2003 Place of delivery and payment: Sidley Austin Brown & Wood LLP 787 Seventh Avenue New York, New York 10019 Company account for wire transfer of payment: State Street Bank and Trust ABA 011000028 ACE Limited Cash Settlement DDA 0017-993-7 Ref Fund G0G5 Lock-up pursuant to Section 5(j) of the Underwriting Agreement (as defined below): yes At the Closing Date, the Underwriters will pay the Company by wire transfer to the account specified above $484,250,000. The following information appearing in the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-88482) (and the related Prospectus dated February 4, 2003 and Prospectus Supplement dated May 7, 2003 relating to the offer and sale of the Shares, in the form in which the Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement were filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended), has been furnished by the Underwriters: 1. The information in the third paragraph under the caption "Underwriting" on Page S-30 of the Prospectus Supplement insofar as it relates to concession and reallowance. 2. The information in the ninth and tenth paragraphs under the caption "Underwriting" on page S-31 of the Prospectus Supplement insofar as it relates to stabilization and syndicate covering transactions. 3
1. The information in the eleventh paragraph under the caption "Underwriting" on page S-31 of the Prospectus Supplement insofar as it relates to penalty bids. No other information in the above mentioned Registration Statement (and the related Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement) has been furnished by the Underwriters. All the provisions contained in the Underwriting Agreement dated May 7, 2003 between the Company and the Underwriters (the "Underwriting Agreement") attached hereto as Annex A, are herein incorporated by reference in their entirety and shall be deemed to be a part of this Terms Agreement to the same extent as if such provisions had been set forth in full herein. Terms defined in such document are used herein as therein defined. 4
Any notice by the Company to the Underwriters pursuant to this Terms Agreement shall be sufficient if given in accordance with Section 10 of the Underwriting Agreement addressed to: Citigroup Global Markets Inc., 388 Greenwich Street, 32/nd/ Floor, New York, New York 10013, Attention: Nikki Trezza (facsimile: (212) 816-7912), which shall, for all purposes of this Agreement, be the "Representative." CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC. MERRILL LYNCH & CO. MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED By: CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC. By: /s/ Scott Littlejohn -------------------------------------- Authorized Signatory By: MERRILL LYNCH & CO. MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED By: /s/ Sabina R. Ceddia -------------------------------------- Authorized Signatory Accepted: ACE LIMITED By: /s/ Peter Mear ------------------------------------ Name: Peter Mear Title: General Counsel & Secretary
Annex A ACE LIMITED (a Cayman Islands Company) 20,000,000 Depositary Shares Each Representing 1/10 of a Share of 7.80% Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, Series C (Par Value $1.00 Per Share) (Liquidation Preference $25.00 Per Depositary Share) UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT May 7, 2003 CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC. MERRILL LYNCH & CO. MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED c/o Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 388 Greenwich Street, 32/nd/ Floor New York, New York 10013 Ladies and Gentlemen: 2. Introductory. ACE Limited, a Cayman Islands company ("Company"), proposes to sell from time to time 20,000,000 Depositary Shares (the "Shares"), each representing 1/10 of a share of its 7.80% Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, Series C, par value $1.00 per share (liquidation preference $25.00 per Depositary Share) (the "Initial Preferred Shares"), and grant to the Underwriters (as defined below), acting severally and not jointly, an option to purchase up to an additional 3,000,000 Shares, each Share representing one-tenth of a share of its 7.80% Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, Series C, par value $1.00 per share (liquidation preference $25.00 per Depositary Share) (the "Option Preferred Shares" and, together with the Initial Preferred Shares, the "Preferred Shares"). The Preferred Shares will, when issued, be deposited by the Company against delivery of depositary receipts (the "Receipts") to be issued by Mellon Investor Services LLC, as depositary (the "Depositary"), under a deposit agreement (the "Deposit Agreement") to be dated as of May 30, 2003, among the Company, the Depositary and the holders from time to time of Receipts, which will evidence the Shares. Certain terms of the Shares will be set out in a Terms Agreement referred to in Section 3. The firm or firms that agree to purchase the Shares are hereinafter referred to as the "Underwriters" of such securities, and the representative or representatives of the Underwriters, if any, specified in a Terms Agreement referred to in Section 3 are hereinafter referred to as the "Representatives," provided, however, that if the Terms Agreement does not specify any representative of the Underwriters, the term "Representatives", as used in this Agreement (other than in Sections 2(a) and 6(c) and the second sentence of Section 3), shall mean the Underwriters.
3. Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the several Underwriters as of the date hereof and on the date of each Terms Agreement referred to in Section 3, as of the Closing Date (as defined below) and, if applicable, as of each Date of Delivery (as defined below) (in each case, a "Representation Date), that: (a) Compliance with Registration Requirements. A registration statement (No. 333-88482) relating to, among other things, the Shares and the Preferred Shares, including a form of prospectus, has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("Commission") and became effective on February 4, 2003. Such registration statement, as amended at the time of any Terms Agreement referred to in Section 3, including all material incorporated by reference, is hereinafter referred to as the "Registration Statement," and the prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as supplemented as contemplated by Section 3 to reflect the terms of offering of the Shares, as first filed with the Commission pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 424(b) ("Rule 424(b)") under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), including all material incorporated by reference therein, is hereinafter referred to as the "Prospectus." A "preliminary prospectus" shall be deemed to refer to any prospectus and prospectus supplement that omitted information to be included upon pricing in a form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act and was used after such effectiveness and prior to the initial delivery of the Prospectus to the Underwriters by the Company. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued under the Securities Act and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, are contemplated by the Commission, and any request on the part of the Commission for additional information with respect to the Registration Statement (or any document incorporated therein by reference pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")) has been complied with. No document has been or will be prepared or distributed in reliance on Rule 434 under the Securities Act. At the respective times the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendments thereto (including the filing of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002 with the Commission) became effective and at each Representation Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto complied and will comply in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission ("Rules and Regulations") and did not include and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. At the date of the Prospectus and at each Representation Date, neither the Prospectus nor any amendments and supplements thereto included or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the representations and warranties in this subsection shall not apply to statements in or omissions from the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto) or the Prospectus made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company in writing by any Underwriter through the Representatives, if any, expressly for use in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto) or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto). 7
(b) Incorporated Documents. The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, at the time they were or hereafter are filed with the Commission, complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder and, when read together with the other information in the Prospectus, at the date of the Prospectus and at each Representation Date, did not and will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. (c) Independent Accountants. The accountants who certified or shall certify the financial statements and any supporting schedules thereto of the Company included in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus are independent public accountants with respect to the Company and its subsidiaries as required by the Securities Act and the Rules and Regulations (d) Financial Statements. The financial statements of the Company included in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, together with the related schedules and notes, as well as those financial statements, schedules and notes of any other entity included therein, present fairly the financial position of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries, or such other entity, as the case may be, at the dates indicated and the statement of operations, stockholders' equity and cash flows of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries, or such other entity, as the case may be, for the periods specified. Such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved, except as indicated therein or in the notes thereto. The supporting schedules, if any, included in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus present fairly in accordance with GAAP the information required to be stated therein. The selected financial data and the summary financial information, if any, included in the Prospectus present fairly the information shown therein and have been compiled on a basis consistent with that of the related audited financial statements included in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. The pro forma financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries and the related notes thereto included in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus present fairly the information shown therein, have been prepared in accordance with the Commission's rules and guidelines with respect to pro forma financial statements and have been properly compiled on the basis described therein, and the assumptions used in the preparation thereof are reasonable and the adjustments used therein are appropriate to give effect to the transactions and circumstances referred to therein. (e) No Material Adverse Change in Business. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement (exclusive of any amendment thereof) and the Prospectus (exclusive of any supplement thereto), except as otherwise stated therein (i) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has sustained any material loss or material interference with its business from any action, notice, order or decree from an insurance regulatory authority and (ii) there has been (A) no material adverse change in case reserves or losses or loss expense of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries and (B) no material adverse change, nor any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business, or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, in either case whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business (a "Material Adverse Change"). 8
(f) Good Standing of the Company. The Company has been duly incorporated and is subsisting and in good standing under the laws of the Cayman Islands, with corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and conduct its business as described in the Prospectus; and the Company is duly qualified to transact business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. (g) Good Standing of Corporate Subsidiaries. Each subsidiary of the Company, other than such subsidiaries as would not, individually or in the aggregate, constitute a "significant subsidiary" as such term is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated under the Securities Act (each, a "Significant Subsidiary") which is a corporation has been duly incorporated or organized and is an existing corporation in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions which recognize such concept) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, with corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Prospectus; and each such Significant Subsidiary of the Company is duly qualified to transact business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions which recognize such concept) in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of each such Significant Subsidiary of the Company has been duly authorized and validly issued and is fully paid and nonassessable; and all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of each such Significant Subsidiary is owned by the Company, directly or through subsidiaries, except for de minimis shareholdings as required to comply with applicable law, and such capital stock is owned free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance, claim or equity (except for restrictions on transferability of the shares of insurance subsidiaries under applicable law). (h) Good Standing of Partnership Subsidiaries. Each Significant Subsidiary of the Company which is a partnership has been duly formed and is an existing partnership in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions which recognize such concept) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation, with power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Prospectus; and each such Significant Subsidiary of the Company is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions which recognize such concept) in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; all of the outstanding equity interests of each such Significant Subsidiary of the Company have been duly authorized and validly issued; and all of the equity interests of each such Significant Subsidiary are owned by the Company, directly or through subsidiaries, free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance, claim or equity (other than immaterial amounts necessary to comply with applicable law). (i) Capitalization. The authorized, issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are as set forth in the Prospectus in the column entitled "Actual" under the caption "Capitalization" (except for subsequent issuances thereof, if any, pursuant to reservations, 9
agreements or employee benefit plans or pursuant to the exercise of convertible securities or options). Such shares of capital stock have been duly authorized and validly issued by the Company and are fully paid and non-assessable, and none of such shares of capital stock was issued in violation of preemptive or other similar rights of any securityholder of the Company. (j) Authorization and Description of the Shares and Preferred Shares. The Preferred Shares have been duly authorized by the Company and, when the Shares have been delivered and paid for in accordance with the Terms Agreement and upon deposit of the Preferred Shares with the Depositary pursuant to the Deposit Agreement and the due execution by the Depositary of the Deposit Agreement and the Receipts, in accordance with the Deposit Agreement, on the Closing Date and each Date of Delivery, if any, such Shares and Preferred Shares will have been, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, the Shares will have been duly authorized by the Depositary, and the Shares and Preferred Shares will conform to the respective description thereof contained in the Prospectus; and the shareholders of the Company have no preemptive rights with respect to each of the Shares and Preferred Shares. (k) No Agreements to Register. There are no contracts, agreements or understandings between the Company and any person requiring the Company to include the Shares and Preferred Shares in the securities registered pursuant to the Registration Statement or in any securities being registered pursuant to any other registration statement filed by the Company under the Securities Act. (l) Absence of Further Requirements. No consent, approval, authorization, or order of, or filing with, any governmental agency or body or any court, domestic or foreign, is required for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Terms Agreement in connection with the issuance, offering and sale of the Shares by the Company, except such as have been obtained or made prior to the Closing Date, such as have been obtained and made under the Securities Act, such filing of the Prospectus as has been made with the Bermuda Registrar of Companies under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda and such as may be required under state securities laws. (m) Non-Taxation of Current Payments. Except as disclosed in the Prospectus, under current laws and regulations of the Cayman Islands and Bermuda and any political subdivision thereof, all dividends declared and payable on the Preferred Shares may be paid by the Company to the holder of the Shares in United States dollars and freely transferred out of the Cayman Islands or Bermuda and all such payments made to holders of the Shares or therein who are non-residents of the Cayman Islands or Bermuda will not be subject to income, withholding or other taxes under laws and regulations of the Cayman Islands or Bermuda or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein and will otherwise be free and clear of any other tax, duty, withholding or deduction in the Cayman Islands or Bermuda or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein and without the necessity of obtaining any governmental authorization in the Cayman Islands or Bermuda or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein. (n) Absence of Defaults and Conflicts. None of the Company or any subsidiary thereof is in violation of its charter or by-laws, partnership agreement or other constitutive documents or in default in the performance or observance of any obligation, agreement, covenant 10
or condition contained in any contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan or credit agreement, note, lease or other agreement or instrument to which the Company or any subsidiary thereof is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to which any of the assets, properties or operations of the Company or any subsidiary thereof is subject (collectively, "Agreements and Instruments"), except for such defaults that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. The execution, delivery and performance of the Terms Agreement (including the provisions of this Agreement) and the Deposit Agreement, the issuance and sale of the Preferred Shares, and the sale of the Shares, as contemplated herein and in the Prospectus, the consummation of the transaction contemplated herein, in the Deposit Agreement and in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus (including, without limitation, the issuance and sale of the Preferred Shares, the sale of the Shares, and the use of the proceeds from the sale of the Preferred Shares as described under the caption "Use of Proceeds") and compliance by the Company with its obligations hereunder and thereunder do not and will not, whether with or without the giving of notice or passage of time or both, conflict with or constitute a breach of, or default or Repayment Event (as defined below) under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any assets, properties or operations of the Company or any subsidiary thereof pursuant to, any Agreements and Instruments (except for such conflicts, breaches, defaults or Repayment Events or liens, charges or encumbrances that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change); nor will such action result in any violation of the provisions of the charter or by-laws, partnership agreement or other constitutive documents of the Company or any subsidiary thereof or, to the best knowledge of the Company, any applicable law, statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ or decree of any government, government instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any subsidiary thereof or over any of their assets, properties or operations, except for such violations under any applicable law, statute, rule, regulation, judgement, order, writ or decree as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. As used herein, a "Repayment Event" means any event or condition which gives the holder of any note, debenture or other evidence of indebtedness (or any person acting on such holder's behalf) the right to require the repurchase, redemption or repayment of all or a portion of such indebtedness by the Company or any subsidiary thereof. (o) Authorization of the Terms Agreement and Deposit Agreement. The Terms Agreement (including the provisions of this Agreement) has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. The Deposit Agreement has been duly authorized and, as of the Closing Date, will be duly executed and delivered by the Company. (p) Possession of Licenses and Permits. The Company and its subsidiaries possess such permits, licenses, approvals, consents and other authorizations (collectively, "Governmental Licenses") issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory agencies or bodies necessary to conduct the business now operated by them, except where the failure to so possess any such Governmental Licenses would not, singly or in aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. The Company and its subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms and conditions of all such Governmental Licenses, except where the failure so to comply would not, singly or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such Governmental Licenses 11
which, singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. (q) Insurance Laws. Each of the Company and its insurance subsidiaries (including insurance holding companies) is duly registered, licensed or admitted as an insurer or an insurance holding company (as applicable) in each jurisdiction where it is required to be so licensed or admitted to conduct its business as presently conducted, except where the failure to be so registered, licensed or admitted would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; each of the Company and its insurance subsidiaries has all other necessary authorizations, approvals, orders, certificates and permits, of and from, and has made all declarations and filings with, all insurance authorities, commissions or other insurance regulatory bodies to conduct their respective businesses as described in the Prospectus, except for where the failure to have such authorizations, approvals, orders, certificates and permits, or to make such declarations and filings, would not have a Material Adverse Change; all of such authorizations, approvals, orders, certificates and permits are in full force and effect, except where the failure to be in full force and effect would not have a Material Adverse Change; and neither the Company nor its insurance subsidiaries has received any notification from any insurance authority, commission or other insurance regulatory body to the effect that any additional authorization, approval, order, license, certificate or permit from such authority, commission or body is needed to be obtained by any of the Company or its insurance subsidiaries, except for any authorization, approval, order, license, certificate or permit from any such authority, commission or body the failure of which to obtain, singly or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Change. Each of the Company and its insurance subsidiaries is in compliance with all applicable insurance statutes and regulations and has filed all reports, documents or other information required to be filed under such statutes and regulations, except where the failure to comply or file would not have a Material Adverse Change; and each of the Company and its insurance subsidiaries is in compliance with the insurance laws and regulations of other jurisdictions which are applicable to the Company and its insurance subsidiaries (as the case may be), except where the failure to comply would not have a Material Adverse Change. (r) Governmental Authorization. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, no authorization, approval or consent of any governmental authority agency is required (other than any license as an insurer or insurance holding company and other than those which have already been obtained) under the laws of any jurisdiction in which the Company or any of its subsidiaries conduct their respective businesses in connection with the ownership, directly or indirectly, by the Company of equity interests in any subsidiary or the repatriation of any amount from or to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, except to the extent that the failure to obtain such authorization, approval or consent would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. (s) Absence of Proceedings. Except as disclosed in the Prospectus, there are no pending actions, suits or proceedings against or affecting the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective properties that, if determined adversely to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, would individually or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Change, or would materially and adversely affect the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under the Terms Agreement (including the provisions of this Agreement) or which are otherwise material 12
in the context of the sale of the Shares; and no such actions, suits or proceedings are, to the Company's knowledge, threatened or contemplated. (t) Accuracy of Exhibits. There are no contracts or documents which are required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the documents incorporated by reference therein or to be filed as exhibits thereto which have not been so described and filed as required. (u) Reserves. The description of the Company's reserves and reserving methodology and assumptions described in the Prospectus is accurate and fairly presents the information set forth therein in all material respects and, since December 31, 2002, no loss experience has developed which would require or make it appropriate for the Company to alter or modify such methodology. (v) Investment Company Act. The Company is not and, after giving effect to the offering and sale of the Shares and the application of the proceeds thereof as described in the Prospectus, will not be an "investment company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act"). 4. Purchase, Sale and Delivery of Shares. (a) Shares representing the Initial Preferred Shares. The obligation of the Underwriters to purchase the Shares representing the Initial Preferred Shares will be evidenced by an agreement or exchange of other written communications (the "Terms Agreement") at the time the Company determines to sell the Shares representing the Initial Preferred Shares. The Terms Agreement will incorporate by reference the provisions of this Agreement, except as otherwise provided therein, and will specify the firm or firms that will be Underwriters, the names of any Representatives, the number of Shares to be purchased by each Underwriter and the purchase price to be paid by the Underwriters. The Terms Agreement will also specify the time and date of delivery and payment (such time and date, or such other time not later than seven full business days thereafter as the Underwriter first named in the Terms Agreement (the "Lead Underwriter") and the Company agree as the time for payment and delivery, being herein and in the Terms Agreement referred to as the "Closing Date"), the place of delivery and payment and any details of the terms of offering that should be reflected in the prospectus supplement relating to the offering of the Shares representing the Initial Preferred Shares. For purposes of Rule 15c6-1 under the Exchange Act, the Closing Date (if later than the otherwise applicable settlement date) shall be the date for payment of funds and delivery of securities for all the Shares representing the Initial Preferred Shares sold pursuant to the offering. The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase the Shares representing the Initial Preferred Shares will be several and not joint. It is understood that the Underwriters propose to offer the Shares representing the Initial Preferred Shares for sale as set forth in the Prospectus. (b) Shares representing the Option Preferred Shares. On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained and subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Company hereby grants an option to the Underwriters, severally and not jointly, to purchase at their election up to an additional 3,000,000 Shares representing the Option Preferred Shares, at the price per Share set forth in the Terms Agreement. The option 13
will expire automatically at the close of business on the 30/th/ calendar day after the date of the Terms Agreement and may be exercised in whole or in part from time to time only for the purpose of covering over-allotments which may be made in connection with the offering and distribution of the Shares representing the Initial Preferred Shares upon notice by the Underwriters to the Company setting forth the aggregate number of additional Shares representing the Option Preferred Shares as to which the several Underwriters are then exercising the option and the time, date and place of payment and delivery for such Shares representing the Option Preferred Shares. Any such time and date of payment and delivery (a "Date of Delivery") shall be determined by the Underwriters and the Company, but shall not be later than seven full business days after the exercise of said options, nor in any event prior to the Closing Date, unless otherwise agreed upon by the Underwriters and the Company. If the option is exercised as to all or any portion of the Shares representing the Option Preferred Shares, each of the Underwriters, severally and not jointly, will purchase that proportion of the total number of Shares representing the Option Preferred Shares then being purchased which the number of Shares representing the Initial Preferred Shares each such Underwriter has severally agreed to purchase bears to the total number of Shares representing the Initial Preferred Shares, subject to such adjustments as the Underwriters in their discretion shall make to eliminate any sales or purchases of a fractional number of Shares representing the Option Preferred Shares. (c) Payment. Payment of the purchase price for, and delivery of, the Shares representing the Initial Preferred Shares shall be made at the offices of Sidley Austin Brown & Wood LLP, 787 Seventh Avenue, New York, New York, or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Underwriters and the Company and set forth in the Terms Agreement. In addition, in the event that the Underwriters have exercised their option to purchase any or all of the Shares representing the Option Preferred Shares, payment of the purchase price for, and delivery of such Shares representing the Option Preferred Shares, shall be made at the above-mentioned offices of Sidley Austin Brown & Wood LLP, or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Underwriters and the Company, on the relevant Date of Delivery as specified in the notice from the Underwriters to the Company. Payment shall be made to the Company by wire transfer of immediately available funds to a bank account designated by the Company, against delivery to the Underwriters for the respective accounts of the Underwriters of the Shares to be purchased by them. It is understood that each Underwriter has authorized Citigroup Global Markets Inc., for its account, to accept delivery of, receipt for, and make payment of the purchase price for, the Shares which it has severally agreed to purchase. Citigroup Global Markets Inc., individually and not as representative of the Underwriters, may (but shall not be obligated to) make payment of the purchase price for the Shares representing the Initial Preferred Shares or the Shares representing the Option Preferred Shares, if any, to be purchased by any Underwriter whose funds have not been received by the Closing Date or the relevant Date of Delivery, as the case may be, but such payment shall not relieve such Underwriter from its obligations hereunder. (d) Denominations; Registration. The Receipts shall be in such denominations and registered in such names as the Lead Underwriter may request in writing at least one full business day prior to the Closing Date or the relevant Date of Delivery, as the case may be. The Shares and Receipts will be made available for examination and packaging by the Underwriters 14
in The City of New York not later than 10:00 A.M. (Eastern time) on the business day prior to the Closing Date or the relevant Date of Delivery, as the case may be. 5. Offering by Underwriters. It is understood that the several Underwriters propose to offer the Shares for sale to the public as set forth in the Prospectus. 6. Certain Agreements of the Company and the Underwriters. The Company agrees with the several Underwriters that: (a) Compliance with Securities Regulations. The Company will file the Prospectus with the Commission pursuant to and in accordance with subparagraph (2) (or, if applicable, subparagraph (5)) of Rule 424(b) not later than the second business day following the execution and delivery of the Terms Agreement. (b) Filing of Amendments. The Company will advise the Lead Underwriter promptly of any proposal to amend or supplement the Registration Statement or the Prospectus and will afford the Lead Underwriter a reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon such proposed amendment or supplement; and the Company will also advise the Lead Underwriter promptly of the filing of any such amendment or supplement and of the institution by the Commission of any stop order proceedings in respect of a Registration Statement and will use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any such stop order and to obtain as soon as possible its lifting, if issued. (c) Continued Compliance with Securities Laws. If, at any time when a prospectus relating to the Shares and Preferred Shares is required to be delivered under the Securities Act in connection with sales by any Underwriter or dealer, any event occurs as a result of which the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or if it is necessary at any time to amend the Prospectus to comply with the Securities Act, the Company will promptly notify the Lead Underwriter of such event and will promptly prepare and file with the Commission, at its own expense, an amendment or supplement which will correct such statement or omission or an amendment which will effect such compliance. Neither the Lead Underwriter's consent to, nor the Underwriters' delivery of, any such amendment or supplement shall constitute a waiver of any of the conditions set forth in Section 6. (d) Earnings Statement. As soon as practicable, but not later than 16 months, after the date of each Terms Agreement, the Company will make generally available to its securityholders an earnings statement covering a period of at least 12 months beginning after the later of (i) the effective date of the registration statement relating to the Shares and Preferred Shares, (ii) the effective date of the most recent post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement to become effective prior to the date of such Terms Agreement and (iii) the date of the Company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission prior to the date of such Terms Agreement, which will satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act. 15
(e) Delivery of Registration Statement and Prospectuses. The Company will furnish to the Representatives copies of the Registration Statement (two of which will be signed and will include all exhibits), any related preliminary prospectus, any related preliminary prospectus supplement, the Prospectus and all amendments and supplements to such documents, in each case in such quantities as the Lead Underwriter requests. The Prospectus shall be so furnished on or prior to 3:00 P.M., New York time, on the business day following the later of the execution and delivery of the Terms Agreement. All other documents shall be so furnished as soon as available. The Company will pay the expenses of printing and distributing to the Underwriters all such documents. (f) Blue Sky Qualification. The Company will arrange for the qualification of the Shares for sale under the laws of such jurisdictions as the Lead Underwriter designates and will continue such qualifications in effect so long as required for the distribution provided that the Company shall not be required to qualify as a foreign corporation or to consent to the service of process under the laws of any such state (except service of process with respect to the offering and sale of the Shares) or subject itself to any taxation in respect of doing business. (g) Delivery of Annual Report. During the period of two years after the date of any Terms Agreement, the Company will furnish to the Representatives and, upon request, to each of the other Underwriters, as soon as practicable after the end of each fiscal year, a copy of its annual report to stockholders for such year; and the Company will furnish to the Representatives as soon as available, a copy of each report and any definitive proxy statement of the Company filed with the Commission under the Exchange Act or mailed to stockholders. (h) Payment of Expenses. The Company will pay all expenses incident to the performance of its obligations under the Terms Agreement (including the provisions of this Agreement), for any filing fees and other expenses (including fees and disbursements of counsel) incurred in connection with qualification of the Shares for sale under the laws of such jurisdictions as the Lead Underwriter designates and the printing of memoranda relating thereto, for the filing fee incident to, and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Underwriters in connection with, the review by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. of the Shares, for any travel expenses of the Company's officers and employees and any other expenses of the Company in connection with attending or hosting meetings with prospective purchasers of the Shares and for expenses incurred in distributing preliminary prospectuses and the Prospectus (including any amendments and supplements thereto) to the Underwriters. (i) Documentary, Stamp or Similar Issue Taxes. The Company will indemnify and hold harmless the Underwriters against any documentary, stamp or similar issue tax, including any interest and penalties, on the creation, issue and sale of the Shares and on the execution and delivery of the Terms Agreement (including the provisions of this Agreement). All payments to be made by the Company hereunder shall be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties or governmental charges whatsoever unless the Company is compelled by law to deduct or withhold such taxes, duties or charges. In that event, the Company shall pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received after such withholding or deduction shall equal the amounts that would have been received if no withholding or deduction had been made. 16
(j) Restriction on Sale of Securities. For a period of 30 days after the date of the initial public offering of any Shares, the Company will not offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, or file with the Commission a registration statement under the Securities Act relating to, any additional preferred shares or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for such preferred shares, or publicly disclose the intention to make any such offer, sale, pledge, disposition or filing, without the prior written consent of the Lead Underwriter, other than (x) issuances of preferred shares, options, or other securities or rights pursuant to any employee or director compensation, options, savings, benefit or other plan of the company, (y) any issuance upon exercise, conversion or exchange of any securities or obligations outstanding on the date hereof and (z) any issuances of equity securities as consideration for an acquisition. (k) Delivery of Tax Information to Shareholders. The Company will use its best efforts to provide to holders of the Shares ("Shareholders") the information required by Shareholders to complete their U.S. income tax returns in the manner specified in the Prospectus and, to that end, to (i) send a letter shortly after the end of each fiscal year asking each corporate policyholder to represent whether the insured or any director or officer of the insured was a U.S. shareholder of the Company, within the meaning of Section 953(c)(1)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code"), or related to a U.S. Shareholder of the Company at any time during the preceding 12 months or to use another method which the Company reasonably believes will elicit similar information; (ii) if the gross "related person insurance income" ("RPII") of any of its insurance subsidiaries for any fiscal year is 20% or more of such insurance subsidiary's gross insurance income within the meaning of Section 953(c)(3)(B) of the Code, send a letter shortly after the end of such fiscal year to all record owners (other than The Depository Trust Company ("DTC") and DTC participants) asking them to notify the Company's transfer agent (on a form attached to the letter) within 30 days of the percentage of shares held by them that are beneficially owned by U.S. persons, the percentage that are beneficially owned by non-U.S. persons, and the percentage for which beneficial ownership is not known; and (iii) if the gross RPII of any of its insurance subsidiaries for any fiscal year is 20% or more of such insurance subsidiary's gross insurance income within the meaning of Section 953(c)(3)(B) of the Code, (A) prepare IRS Form 5471 (or any successor form) with all insurance subsidiary information and (B) as soon as practicable after the end of such fiscal year, send copies of Form 5471 and a letter instructing U.S. shareholders how to complete Form 5471 to all record owners (other than DTC and DTC participants). (l) Listing. Promptly after the date of this Agreement, Application will be made to list the Shares on the New York Stock Exchange. (m) The Underwriters will undertake to sell the Shares to a minimum of 400 beneficial holders, in order to satisfy one of the requirements for listing the Shares on the New York Stock Exchange. 7. Conditions of the Obligations of the Underwriters. The obligations of the several Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Shares will be subject to the accuracy in all material respects of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company herein, to the accuracy of the statements of Company officers made pursuant to the provisions hereof, to the 17
performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder in all material respects and to the following additional conditions precedent: (a) On or prior to the date of the Terms Agreement, the Representatives shall have received a letter, dated the date of delivery thereof of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP confirming that they are independent public accountants within the meaning of the Securities Act and the applicable published Rules and Regulations thereunder and stating to the effect that: (i) in their opinion the financial statements and schedules examined by them and included in the Registration Statement comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements of the Securities Act and the related published Rules and Regulations; (ii) they have performed the procedures specified by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants for a review of interim financial information as described in Statement of Auditing Standards No. 71, Interim Financial Information, on any unaudited financial statements included in the Registration Statement; (iii) on the basis of the review referred to in clause (ii) above, a reading of the latest available interim financial statements of the Company, inquiries of officials of the Company who have responsibility for financial and accounting matters and other specified procedures, nothing came to their attention that caused them to believe that: (A) the unaudited financial statements included in the Registration Statement do not comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements of the Securities Act and the related published Rules and Regulations or any material modifications should be made to such unaudited financial statements for them to be in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles; (B) at the date of the latest available balance sheet read by such accountants, or at a subsequent specified date not more than three business days prior to the date of the Terms Agreement, there was any change in the capital stock or any increase in short-term indebtedness or long-term debt of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries or, at the date of the latest available balance sheet read by such accountants, there was any decrease in consolidated net assets or reserves, as compared with amounts shown on the latest balance sheet included in the Prospectus; or (C) for the period from the closing date of the latest income statement included in the Prospectus to the closing date of the latest available income statement read by such accountants there were any decreases, as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, in consolidated net sales, net operating income or in the total or per share amounts of consolidated net income, except in all cases set forth in clauses (B) and (C) above for changes, increases or decreases which the Prospectus discloses have occurred or may occur or which are described in such letter; and 18
(iv) they have compared specified dollar amounts (or percentages derived from such dollar amounts) and other financial information contained in the Registration Statement (in each case to the extent that such dollar amounts, percentages and other financial information are derived from the general accounting records of the Company and its subsidiaries subject to the internal controls of the Company's accounting system or are derived directly from such records by analysis or computation) with the results obtained from inquiries, a reading of such general accounting records and other procedures specified in such letter and have found such dollar amounts, percentages and other financial information to be in agreement with such results, except as otherwise specified in such letter. All financial statements and schedules included in material incorporated by reference into the Prospectus shall be deemed included in the Registration Statements for purposes of this subsection. (b) The Prospectus shall have been filed with the Commission in accordance with the Rules and Regulations and Section 5(a) of this Agreement prior to the Closing Date, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company or the Representatives, shall be contemplated by the Commission. (c) Subsequent to the execution and delivery of the Terms Agreement, there shall not have occurred (i) any change, or any development or event involving a prospective change, in the financial condition, business or results of operations of the Company or its subsidiaries which, in the judgment of the Representatives, is material and adverse and makes it impractical or inadvisable to proceed with completion of the public offering or the sale of and payment for the Shares; (ii) any downgrading in the rating of any debt securities of the Company or the insurance claims paying ability rating or other insurance rating of the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, in each case by any "nationally recognized statistical rating organization" (as defined for purposes of Rule 436 (g) under the Securities Act), or any public announcement that any such organization has under surveillance or review its rating of any debt securities of the Company (other than an announcement with positive implications of a possible upgrading, and no implication of a possible downgrading, of such rating) or of the insurance claims paying ability or other insurance rating of the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries; (iii) any suspension or limitation of trading in securities generally on the New York Stock Exchange, or any setting of minimum prices for trading on such exchange, or any suspension of trading of any securities of the Company on any exchange or in the over-the-counter market, or a material disruption has occurred in commercial banking or securities settlement or clearance services in the United States; (iv) any banking moratorium declared by U.S. federal, New York or Bermuda authorities; or (v) any outbreak or escalation of major hostilities in which the United States is involved, any declaration of war by Congress or any other substantial national or international calamity or emergency if, in the judgment of the Representatives, the effect of any such outbreak, escalation, declaration, calamity or emergency makes it impractical or inadvisable to proceed with completion of the public offering or the sale of and payment for the Shares. 19
(d) The Representatives shall have received on the Closing Date a signed opinion of Maples and Calder, Cayman Islands counsel for the Company, dated the Closing Date, to the effect that: (i) the Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing and in good standing as an exempted company, under the laws of the Cayman Islands, and has the corporate power and corporate authority to own, lease and operate its property, and to conduct its business, as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, and to enter into and perform its obligations under, or as contemplated under, the Terms Agreement, including the provisions of this Agreement; (ii) The Preferred Shares have been duly authorized and, when the Preferred Shares have been paid for in accordance with the Terms Agreement on the Closing Date and each Date of Delivery, if any, such Preferred Shares will have been validly issued and may properly be credited as fully paid and not subject to further calls or assessments by the Company; the terms of the Preferred Shares conform, as to Cayman Islands legal matters, to the description thereof contained in the Prospectus; the issue of the Preferred Shares will not be subject to preemptive or other similar rights arising under the Company's Memorandum and Articles of Association or Cayman Islands law; all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization and issue of the Preferred Shares has been validly taken; (iii) the Terms Agreement, including the provisions of this Agreement, have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company; (iv) The Deposit Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company; (v) the execution and delivery by the Company of, and the performance by the Company of its obligations under, each of the Deposit Agreement and the Terms Agreement, including the provisions of this Agreement, and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated by each of the Terms Agreement, including the provisions of this Agreement, and the Deposit Agreement, do not and will not (A) violate any provision of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company; (B) contravene any provision of any law, public rule or regulation of the Cayman Islands applicable to the Company; (C) to the best of such counsel's knowledge, contravene any existing published order or decree of the courts of the Cayman Islands by which the Company is bound or by which its properties or assets may be affected; or (D) require any consent, approval or authorization or order of, or qualification with, any Cayman Islands governmental agency in connection with the offer and sale of the Preferred Shares; (vi) to the best of such counsel's knowledge, but based only upon a search of the cause list at the offices of the Grand Courts of the Cayman Islands, there was no action, suit or proceeding to which the Company is a party or to which the assets, properties or operations of the Company is subject, before the courts of the Cayman Islands at the close of business on a recent date to be specified in such opinion; 20
(vii) all statements made in the Prospectus with regard to statutes, regulations, rules, treaties and other laws of the Cayman Islands (including, but not limited to, insurance, regulatory and tax matters and the Companies Law (2002 Revision) of the Cayman Islands) and enforcement of judgments in the Cayman Islands are accurate; (viii) pursuant to this Agreement, and to the extent that the laws of the Cayman Islands are relevant, the Company has legally, validly, effectively and irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of the United States Federal and New York State courts sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York, State of New York, and has legally, validly and effectively appointed ACE USA, Inc. as the authorized agent of the Company for the purposes described in Section 14 of this Agreement assuming this to be the case as a matter of the applicable United States Federal and New York State laws; (ix) the choice of the laws of the State of New York, United States of America as the governing law of the Terms Agreement, including the provisions of this Agreement, is a valid and effective choice of law and in an action brought before a court of competent jurisdiction in the Cayman Islands, the laws of the State of New York would, to the extent specifically pleaded and proved as a fact by expert evidence, be recognized and applied by such court to all issues concerning the formal and essential validity of the Terms Agreement, including the provisions of this Agreement, and the interpretation thereof, except that in any such action such court will apply those laws of the Cayman Islands as such court characterizes as procedural and will not apply those laws of New York as such court characterizes as procedural; (x) although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman islands of a judgment obtained in New York, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided such judgment is final, for a liquidated sum, not in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, and was not obtained in a manner and is not of a kind the enforcement of which is contrary to the public policy of the Cayman Islands. A Cayman Islands court may stay proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. For the purposes of enforcement of a judgment granted against the Company in respect of the Terms Agreement, including the provisions of this Agreement, a court in the Cayman Islands would recognize the jurisdiction of the applicable federal or state court to the jurisdiction of which the Company has submitted rendering such judgment if service of process on the Company is effected pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement; and (xi) on the basis that the Company carries on its business as set forth in the Prospectus, there is no requirement that it be licensed under the Insurance Law, 1979, as amended of the Cayman Islands. (e) The Representatives shall have received on the Closing Date a signed opinion of Conyers Dill & Pearman, Bermuda counsel for the Company, dated the Closing Date, to the effect that: 21
(i) each of ACE Bermuda Insurance Ltd., Corporate Officers and Directors Assurance Ltd. and ACE Tempest Reinsurance Ltd. (collectively, the "Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries") (A) is validly existing under the laws of Bermuda as a company with limited liability and is in good standing under the laws of Bermuda (meaning that such company has not failed to make any filing with any Bermuda government authority or to pay any Bermuda government fee or tax, the failure of which would make such company immediately liable to be struck off the Register of Companies and thereby cease to exist under the laws of Bermuda) and (B) the corporate objects and powers contained in the Memorandum of Association of each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries are sufficient to allow them to carry on their business and to own, lease and operate its properties as both are described in the Prospectus; (ii) the Company is validly registered under the Companies Act 1981 as a Permit Company and is in good standing under the laws of Bermuda (meaning that such company has not failed to make any filing with any Bermuda government authority or to pay any Bermuda government fee or tax which is required to be paid in respect of Permit Companies in Bermuda); (iii) based solely upon a certified copy of the Register of Members for each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries, and without further inquiry, (A) all of the issued shares in the share capital of each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries have been duly and validly authorized and issued and are fully paid and nonassessable (meaning that no further sums are required to be paid by the holders thereof in connection with the issue of such shares); and (B) the Company is the registered holder of all the issued shares of each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries; (iv) each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries is duly registered as an insurer under the Insurance Act of 1978 (Bermuda) and the regulations promulgated thereunder (together, the "Insurance Act") and, as so registered, each Bermuda Insurance Subsidiary may conduct the insurance business as described in the Prospectus; and based solely on the Certificates of Compliance and without independent inquiry, each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries has filed with the appropriate Bermuda governmental authority all reports, documents or other information required to be filed under the Insurance Act; (v) the Company is not registered as an insurer under the Insurance Act and is therefore not required to comply with the requirements of the Insurance Act applicable to registered insurers; (vi) the execution and delivery by the Company of, and the performance by the Company of its obligations under, each of the Deposit Agreement and the Terms Agreement, including the provisions of this Agreement and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated by each of the Terms Agreement, including the provisions of this Agreement, and the Deposit Agreement, do not and will not (A) violate any provision of the Memorandum of Association or By-laws of any of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries or any applicable law, regulation, order or decree in Bermuda; (B) based solely upon the Cause Book, contravene any judgment, order or 22
decree by the Bermuda Supreme Court against the Company or the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries; or (C) require any consent, approval or authorization or order of, or qualification with, any Bermuda governmental agency; (vii) based solely upon the Cause Book and without further inquiry, there is no action, suit or proceeding now pending before the Bermuda Supreme Court against the Company or the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties; and (viii) all statements made in the Prospectus with respect to statutes, regulations, rules, treaties and other laws of Bermuda (including, but not limited to, statements made with respect to the Insurance Act and Bermuda tax matters) fairly and accurately present the information set forth therein and such counsel's opinion as to such matters. (ix) The choice of the Foreign Laws as the governing law of the Terms Agreement, including the provisions of this Agreement, is a valid choice of law and would be recognized and given effect to in any action brought before a court of competent jurisdiction in Bermuda, except for those laws (A) which such courts considers to be procedural in nature, (B) which are revenue or penal laws or (C) the application of which would be inconsistent with public policy, as such term is interpreted under the laws of Bermuda. The submission in the Terms Agreement, including the provisions of this Agreement, to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Foreign Courts is valid and binding upon the Company. (f) The Representatives shall have received on the Closing Date a signed opinion of Peter N. Mear, Esq., General Counsel of the Company, dated the Closing Date, to the effect that: (i) the Company is qualified to do business, and is in good standing, as a foreign corporation, under the laws of each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or its ownership or leasing of property requires such qualification, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or to be in good standing, would not singly or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Change; (ii) each of ACE Bermuda Insurance Ltd., ACE Tempest Reinsurance Ltd., ACE USA, Inc. and ACE INA Holdings Inc. is qualified to transact business and is in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions which recognize such concept) in each jurisdiction in which it owns or leases real property or in which the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified or to be in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions which recognize such concept) would not singly or in the aggregate result in a Material Adverse Change; (iii) except as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, such counsel does not know of any outstanding (A) securities or obligations of the Company convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its subsidiaries; (B) rights, warrants or options to acquire or purchase from the Company any shares of capital stock of the Company or any such convertible or exchangeable securities or obligations; or (C) obligations or understandings of the Company to issue or 23
sell any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, any such convertible or exchangeable securities or obligations, or any such warrants, rights or obligations; and (iv) to the best of such counsel's knowledge, and other than as disclosed in the Prospectus, there are no threatened legal proceedings against the Company or any of its subsidiaries which, if determined adversely to the Company or such subsidiary, would result in a Material Adverse Change. (g) The Representatives shall have received on the Closing Date a signed opinion of Mayer, Brown, Rowe & Maw, United States counsel for the Company, dated the Closing Date, to the effect that: (i) each of ACE INA Holdings Inc. and ACE USA, Inc. is duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware; (ii) the execution and delivery by the Company of, and the performance by the Company of its respective obligations under, each of the Deposit Agreement and the Terms Agreement, including the provisions of this Agreement, and any other agreement or instrument entered into or issued or to be entered into or issued by the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated by each of the Terms Agreement, including the provisions of this Agreement, and the Deposit Agreement, do not and will not (A) contravene any provision of any United States federal or New York State law, rule or regulation, in each case which, in such counsel's opinion, based on such counsel's experience, are normally applicable to transactions of the type contemplated by this Agreement ("United States Applicable Laws"), except that such counsel need not express any opinion in this paragraph with respect to state securities laws; (B) contravene any judgment, order or decree known to such counsel without independent inquiry of any United States federal or New York State court or governmental agency or body having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its subsidiaries or by which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is bound or by which their properties or assets may be affected; (C) conflict with, result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, or give rise to any right to accelerate the maturity or require the prepayment of any indebtedness or the purchase of any capital stock under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any properties or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, pursuant to the terms of any agreement or instrument filed as an exhibit to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002 or any agreement or instrument otherwise known to such counsel to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to which any of the assets, properties or operations of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject, or the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of ACE INA Holdings Inc. or ACE USA, Inc., except for such conflicts, breaches, violations, defaults, accelerations, repayments, repurchases, liens, charges or encumbrances that would not singly or in the aggregate result in a Material Adverse 24
Change; or (D) based upon such counsel's review of the United States Applicable Laws, require any consent, approval or authorization or order of, or qualification with, any United States federal or state governmental agency or authority or court, except such as have been obtained under the Securities Act and such as may be required under state securities or blue sky laws or state insurance laws in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares; (iii) each of the Shares, Preferred Shares, Deposit Agreement and this Agreement conform in all material respects to the statements relating thereto contained in the Prospectus and are in substantially the form to be filed or incorporated by reference, as the case may be, as an exhibit to the Registration Statement; (iv) Assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the Company, the Deposit Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Company enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as the same may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by general equitable principles, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law; (v) such counsel does not know, after inquiry of Company officers and based solely on such inquiry, of any action, suit or proceeding before or by any United States federal or state government, governmental instrumentality or court now pending or threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective properties that is required to be described in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus and is not so described or of any contract or other document that is required to be described in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, or to be filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, that is not described or filed, as required; (vi) the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, excluding the documents incorporated by reference therein, and each amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement and Prospectus, excluding the documents incorporated by reference therein, as of their respective effective or issue dates (other than the financial statements and supporting schedules and other financial data included therein or omitted therefrom, as to which such counsel need express no opinion) when they became effective or were filed with the Commission, as the case may be, complied as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Rules and Regulations of the Commission thereunder; (vii) the documents incorporated by reference in the Prospectus (other than the financial statements and supporting schedules and other financial data included therein or omitted therefrom, as to which such counsel need express no opinion), when they became effective or were filed with the Commission, as the case may be, complied as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act , as applicable, and the Rules and Regulations of the Commission thereunder; (viii) the statements in the Registration Statement and the prospectus insofar as they are descriptions of contracts, agreements, instruments or proceedings, or constitute 25
statements or summaries of United States federal or New York State laws or legal conclusions with respect thereto, are accurate and present fairly the information required to be shown; and (ix) the Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Shares as contemplated in this Agreement and the application of the net proceeds therefrom as described in the Prospectus will not be, an "investment company" within the meaning of the 1940 Act. Such counsel shall also state that it has been advised by the Commission that the Registration Statement became effective under the Securities Act; that any required filings of the Prospectus pursuant to Rule 424(b) have been made in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b); and that, based solely on conversations with the Commission, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings for the purpose have been instituted, are pending or, to such counsel's knowledge, are contemplated under the Securities Act. Such counsel shall also state that they have examined various documents and participated in conferences with representatives of the Company and its accountants and with representatives of the Underwriter and its counsel at which times the contents of the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and related matters were discussed, and that, although they are not passing upon and assume no responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or fairness of the statements contained in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or making any representation that they have independently verified or checked the accuracy, completeness or fairness of such statements, except as set forth above, no facts have come to such counsel's attention that cause such counsel to believe that the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto (including the filing of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002 with the Commission) became effective or as of the date of this Agreement, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; or that the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, at the date of the Prospectus, at the date of any such amendment or supplement or at the Closing Date, included or includes any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or omits to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (such counsel need not express a belief with respect to the financial statements and supporting schedules and other financial data included in or omitted from the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto or the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto). (h) The Representatives shall have received from Sidley Austin Brown & Wood LLP, counsel for the Underwriters, such opinion or opinions, dated such Closing Date, with respect to the Registration Statements and the Prospectus and other related matters as the Representatives may require, and the Company shall have furnished to such counsel such documents as they request for the purpose of enabling them to pass upon such matters. 26
(i) The Representatives shall have received a certificate, dated such Closing Date, of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer or General Counsel and Secretary of the Company and of the Chief Financial Officer; chief accounting officer or chief investment officer of the Company in which such officers, to the best of their knowledge after reasonable investigation, shall state that: (i) there has not been, since the date of this Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Prospectus, any material adverse change, or any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (ii) the representations and warranties of the Company in Section 2 are true and correct with the same force and effect as though expressly made at and as of the Closing Date, (iii) the Company has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to the Closing Date, and (iv) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted, are pending or, to the best of such officers' knowledge, are threatened by the Commission. (j) The Representatives shall have received a letter, dated such Closing Date, of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP which meets the requirements of subsection (a) of this Section, except that the specified date referred to in such subsection will be a date not more than three days prior to such Closing Date for the purposes of this subsection. (k) In the event that the Underwriters exercise their option to purchase; all or any portion of the Shares representing the Option Preferred Shares, the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein and the statements in any certificates furnished by the Company or any of its subsidiaries hereunder shall be true and correct as of each Date of Delivery, and, at the relevant Date of Delivery the Underwriters shall have received: (i) The favorable opinions of Maples and Calder, Cayman Islands counsel for the Company, in form and substance satisfactory to counsel for the Underwriters, dated such Date of Delivery, relating to the Shares representing the Option Preferred Shares and otherwise to the same effect as the opinions required by Section 6(d) hereof. (ii) The favorable opinions of Conyers Dill & Pearman, Bermuda counsel for the Company, in form and substance satisfactory to counsel for the Underwriters, dated such Date of Delivery, relating to the Shares representing the Option Preferred Shares and otherwise to the same effect as the opinions required by Section 6(e) hereof. (iii) The favorable opinions of Peter N. Mear, Esq., General Counsel of the Company, in form and substance satisfactory to counsel for the Underwriters, dated such Date of Delivery, relating to the Shares representing the Option Preferred Shares and otherwise to the same effect as the opinions required by Section 6(f) hereof. (iv) The favorable opinions of Mayer, Brown, Rowe & Maw, United States counsel for the Company, in form and substance satisfactory to counsel for the Underwriters, dated such Date of Delivery, relating to the Shares representing the Option Preferred Shares and otherwise to the same effect as the opinions required by Section 6(g) hereof. 27
(v) The favorable opinion of Sidley Austin Brown & Wood LLP, counsel for the Underwriters, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriters, dated such Date of Delivery, relating to the Shares representing the Option Preferred Shares and otherwise to the same effect as the opinion required by Section 6(h) hereof. (vi) A certificate, dated such Date of Delivery, of the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer or General Counsel and Secretary of the Company and of the Chief Financial Officer; chief accounting officer or chief investment officer of the Company, confirming that the certificate delivered at the Closing Date pursuant to Section 6(i) hereof remains true and correct as of such Date of Delivery. (vii) A letter from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters and dated such Date of Delivery, substantially the same in form and substance as the letter furnished to the Underwriters pursuant to Section 6(j) hereof, except that the "specified date" on the letter furnished pursuant to this paragraph shall be a date not more than three business days prior to such Date of Delivery. The Company will furnish the Representatives with such conformed copies of such opinions, certificates, letters and documents as the Representatives reasonably request. The Lead Underwriter may in its sole discretion waive on behalf of the Underwriters compliance with any conditions to the obligations of the Underwriters hereunder and under the Terms Agreement. 8. Indemnification and Contribution. (a) The Company will indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities, joint or several, to which such Underwriter may become subject, under the Securities Act or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact contained in any Registration Statement, the Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, or any, related preliminary prospectus, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and will reimburse each Underwriter for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such underwriter in connection with investigating or defending any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action as such expenses are incurred; provided, however, that the Company will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement in or omission or alleged omission from any of such documents in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives specifically for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in the Terms Agreement. (b) Each Underwriter will severally and not jointly indemnify and hold harmless the Company against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities to which the Company may become subject, under the Securities Act or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact contained in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, or any related preliminary prospectus or 28
preliminary prospectus supplement, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or the alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the company by such Underwriter through the Representatives specifically for use therein, and will reimburse any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by the Company in connection with investigating or defending any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action as such expenses are incurred, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in the Terms Agreement. (c) Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against the indemnifying party under subsection (a) or (b) above, notify the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof; but the omission so to notify the indemnifying party will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any indemnified party otherwise than under subsection (a) or (b) above . In case any such action is brought against any indemnified party and it notifies the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate therein and, to the extent that it may wish, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to assume the defense thereof, with counsel satisfactory to such indemnified party (who shall not, except with the consent of the indemnified party be counsel to the indemnifying party), and after notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of its election so to assume the defense thereof, the indemnifying party will not be liable to such indemnified party under this Section for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in connection with the defense thereof other than reasonable costs of investigation. Notwithstanding the indemnifying party's election to appoint counsel to represent the indemnified party in an action, the indemnified party shall have the right to employ separate counsel (including local counsel), and the indemnifying party shall bear the reasonable fees, costs and expenses of such separate counsel if (i) the use of counsel chosen by the indemnifying party to represent the indemnified party would present such counsel with a conflict of interest, (ii) the actual or potential defendants in, or targets of, any such action include both the indemnified party and the indemnifying party and the indemnified party shall have reasonably concluded that there may be legal defenses available to it and/or other indemnified parties which are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying party, (iii) the indemnifying party shall not have employed counsel satisfactory to the indemnified party to represent the indemnified party within a reasonable time after notice of the institution of such action or (iv) the indemnifying party shall authorize the indemnified party to employ separate counsel at the expense of the indemnifying party. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified party, effect any settlement of any pending or threatened action in respect of which any indemnified party is or could have been a party and indemnity could have been sought hereunder by such indemnified party unless such settlement includes an unconditional release of such indemnified party from all liability on any claims that are the subject matter of such action. (d) If the indemnification provided for in this Section is unavailable or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party under subsection (a) or (b) above, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of the 29
losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to in subsection (a) or (b) above (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other from the offering of the Shares or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, claims, damages or liabilities as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total net proceeds from the offering (before deducting expenses) received by the Company bear to the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by the Underwriters. The relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or the Underwriters and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such untrue statement or omission. The amount paid by an indemnified party as a result of the losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to in the first sentence of this subsection (d) shall be deemed to include any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any action or claim which is the subject of this subsection (d). Notwithstanding the provisions of this subsection (d), no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total price at which the Shares underwritten by it and distributed to the public were offered to the public exceeds the amount of any damages which such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The Underwriters' obligations in this subsection (d) to contribute are several in proportion to their respective underwriting obligations and not joint. (e) The obligations of the Company under this Section shall be in addition to any liability which the Company may otherwise have and shall extend, upon the same terms and conditions, to each person, if any, who controls any Underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act; and the obligations of the Underwriters under this Section shall be in addition to any liability which the respective Underwriters may otherwise have and shall extend, upon the same terms and conditions, to each director of the Company, to each officer of the Company who has signed a Registration Statement and to each person, if any, who controls the company within the meaning of the Securities Act. 9. Default of Underwriters. If any Underwriter or Underwriters default in their obligations to purchase Shares under the Terms Agreement and the aggregate number of Shares that such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters agreed but failed to purchase does not exceed 10% of the total number of shares of Shares that the Underwriters are obligated to purchase on the Closing Date, the Lead Underwriter may make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the purchase of such Shares by other persons, including any of the Underwriters, but if no such arrangements are made by the Closing Date, the non-defaulting Underwriters shall be obligated severally, in proportion to their respective commitments under the Terms Agreement (including the provisions of this Agreement), to purchase the Shares that such defaulting Underwriters 30
agreed but failed to purchase on the Closing Date. If any Underwriter or Underwriters so default and the aggregate number of Shares with respect to which such default or defaults occur exceeds 10% of the total number of Shares that the Underwriters are obligated to purchase on the Closing Date and arrangements satisfactory to the Lead Underwriter and the Company for the purchase of such Shares by other persons are not made within 36 hours after such default, the Terms Agreement will terminate without liability on the part of any non-defaulting Underwriter or the Company, except as provided in Section 9. As used in this Agreement, the term "Underwriter" includes any person substituted for an Underwriter under this Section. Nothing herein will relieve a defaulting Underwriter from liability for its default. 10. Survival of Certain Representations and Obligations. The respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and other statements of the Company or its officers and of the several Underwriters set forth in or made pursuant to the Terms Agreement (including the provisions of this Agreement) will remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation, or statement as to the results thereof, made by or on behalf of any Underwriter, the Company or any of their respective representatives, officers or directors or any controlling person, and will survive delivery of and payment for the Shares. If the Terms Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 8 or if for any reason the purchase of the Shares by the Underwriters is not consummated, the Company shall remain responsible for the expenses to be paid or reimbursed by it pursuant to Section 5 and the respective obligations of the Company and the Underwriters pursuant to Section 7 shall remain in effect, and if any Shares have been purchased hereunder the representations and warranties in Section 2 and all obligations under Section 5 shall also remain in effect. If the purchase of the Shares by the Underwriters is not consummated for any reason other than solely because of the termination of the Terms Agreement pursuant to Section 8 or the occurrence of any event specified in clause (iii), (iv) or (v) of Section 6(c), the Company will reimburse the Underwriters for all out-of pocket expenses (including fees and disbursements of counsel) reasonably incurred by them in connection with the offering of the Shares. 11. Notices. All communications hereunder will be in writing and effective only on receipt and, if sent to the Underwriters, will be mailed, delivered or telegraphed and confirmed to them at their addresses furnished to the Company in the Terms Agreement, or, if sent to the Company, will be mailed, delivered or telegraphed and confirmed to it at ACE Global Headquarters, 17 Woodbourne Avenue, Hamilton HM 08 Bermuda, Attention: General Counsel and Secretary; provided, however, that any notice to an Underwriter pursuant to Section 7 will be mailed, delivered or telegraphed and confirmed to such Underwriter. 12. Successors. The Terms Agreement (including the provisions of this Agreement) will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and the Underwriters and their respective successors and the officers and directors and controlling persons referred to in Section 7, and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder. 13. Representation of Underwriters. The Representatives will act for the several Underwriters in connection with the financing described in the Terms Agreement, and any action under the Terms Agreement (including the provisions of this Agreement) taken by the Representatives jointly or by the Lead Underwriter will be binding upon all the Underwriters. 31
14. Counterparts. The Terms Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same Agreement. 15. Applicable Law. This Agreement and the Terms Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. The Company hereby submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Federal and state courts in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York in any suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to the Terms Agreement (including the provisions of this Agreement) or the transactions contemplated thereby. The Company irrevocably appoints ACE USA, Inc., 1133 Avenue of the Americas, 32nd Floor, New York, New York 10036 as its authorized agent in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York upon which process may be served in any such suit or proceeding, and agrees that service of process upon such agent, and written notice of said service to the Company by the person serving the same to the address provided in Section 10, shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon the Company in any such suit or proceeding. The Company further agrees to take any and all action as may be necessary to maintain such designation and appointment of such agent in full force and effect for a period of seven years from the date of this Agreement. The obligation of the Company in respect of any sum due to any Underwriter shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency other than United States dollars, not be discharged until the first business day, following receipt by such Underwriter of any sum adjudged to be so due in such other currency, on which (and only to the extent that) such Underwriter may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase United States dollars with such other currency; if the United States dollars so purchased are less than the sum originally due to such Underwriter hereunder, the Company agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify such Underwriter against such loss. If the United States dollars so purchased are greater than the sum originally due to such Underwriter hereunder, such Underwriter agrees to pay to the Company an amount equal to the excess of the dollars so purchased over the sum originally due to such Underwriter hereunder. 32
If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, please sign and return to the Company a counterpart hereof, whereupon this Underwriting Agreement, along with all counterparts, will become a binding agreement between the Underwriters and the Company in accordance with its terms. Very truly yours, ACE LIMITED By: /s/ Peter Mear ----------------------------------- Name: Peter Mear Title: General Counsel & Secretary CONFIRMED AND ACCEPTED, as of the date first above written: CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC. MERRILL LYNCH & CO. MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED By: CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC. By: /s/ Scott Littlejohn ------------------------------- Authorized Signatory By: MERRILL LYNCH & CO. MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED By: /s/ Sabina R. Ceddia ------------------------------- Authorized Signatory

EXHIBIT 4.1 Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company has authorized the issuance from time to time of securities of the Company or certain of its subsidiaries (including Ordinary Shares, Preferred Shares, Debt Securities, Trust Preferred Securities, Guaranties and Warrants and Manditorily Convertible Securities (each as defined in the Resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Company (the "March Board Resolutions") adopted at the Meeting of the Board of Directors held on March 1, 2002)) in an aggregate amount of U.S. $1,500,000,000 at such times and on such terms as the Executive Committee may determine. WHEREAS, the Company has been authorized by the Board of Directors pursuant to the Resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Company (the "February Board Resolutions") adopted at the Meeting of the Board of Directors held on February 27, 2003, to issue and sell up to $575,000,000 of Securities of the Company, and has delegated to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer the authority of the Executive Committee granted to it under the March Board Resolutions with respect to such issuance and sale. WHEREAS, all of the authority granted to the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company under the March Board Resolutions has been delegated to Brian Duperreault, Peter Menikoff and Phillip Bancroft, pursuant to the February Board Resolutions, who have the authority to approve, among other things, the type of security or securities to be issued and sold, the time at which such Securities shall be sold and any other terms with respect to the offering of the Securities not inconsistent with the Board Resolutions, any such action to be memorialized in a resolution which shall be placed in the minute book of the Board of Directors of the Company; provided that any such authority with respect to the issuance of preferred stock of the Company shall be delegated to Messrs. Duperreault and Menikoff acting as a committee of the Board of Directors (the "Preferred Stock Committee"). NOW THERFORE BE IT: 1. RESOLVED that, a class of Other Shares in the capital of the Company be designated as "Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares". The Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares shall be cumulative redeemable preferred shares and, subject to the Articles and the provisions of and restrictions contained in the Companies Law (2002 Revision) and every statutory modification or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force (the "Law"), shall have the following preferences and rights and shall be subject to the following restrictions: (a) Liquidation Preference. On any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the affairs of the Company, the assets of the Company legally available for distribution among shareholders shall be applied first in repaying to the holders of the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares (the "Holders") an amount equal to US$250.00 per Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Share (inclusive of the nominal amount thereof) plus all accrued and unpaid dividends (whether or not earned or declared), if any, to the date fixed for distribution, in preference to the repayment of such nominal amount of and any share premium or other amounts paid on the ordinary shares (the "Ordinary Shares") or any other shares ranking junior in right of payment to the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares as to the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up
of the affairs of the Company or as to dividends (including the Ordinary Shares, the "Junior Shares") to the holders of such Junior Shares, without interest on such unpaid dividends. In the event that upon any such voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the assets of the Company available are insufficient to pay the amount of the liquidation distributions on all outstanding Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares as referred to above and the corresponding amounts payable on all other shares ranking pari passu with the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares with respect to the payment of dividends and amounts upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the affairs of the Company (including, without limitation, the Series A Preferred Shares) ("Parity Shares"), then the holders of the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares and all such Parity Shares shall share ratably in such distribution of assets in proportion to the full liquidating distributions to which they would otherwise be respectively entitled. The Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares shall not be convertible into or exchangeable for any other shares of the Company. (b) Dividend Rights. (i) The holders of the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares shall be entitled to receive cumulative preferential cash dividends in respect of their Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares at the percentage rate per annum on their liquidation value specified by the Attorneys (as defined below) (or by either of them) on the date of pricing of such shares (the "Pricing Date"). Such dividends shall be payable in arrears in equal amounts (except as set forth below with respect to the initial dividend period) on March 1st, June 1st, September 1st and December 1st when, as and if declared by the Directors in each year or, if such date is not a day on which banks are authorised to open for business in New York and Bermuda (a "Business Day"), on the Business Day immediately after such date. Such dividends will begin to accrue and will be cumulative from the date of original issuance. The first dividend, which if declared will be payable on September 1, 2003, will represent the period of time from and will accrue from the date of original issuance up to August 31, 2003. The dividend for such initial period and any other dividend payable on the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares for any partial dividend period shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve (12) 30-day months. Dividends will be payable to holders of record as they appear in the Company's register of members at the close of business on the applicable record date, which will be one day prior to the dividend payment date as long as all of the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares remain in book-entry form. If any of the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares are not in book-entry form, the record date will be 15 days prior to the dividend payment date (whether or not such date is a Business Day). Holders of Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares will not be entitled to any dividends in excess of full cumulative dividends as described above. Dividends on the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares will accrue and will be fully cumulative, whether or not there are funds legally available for the payment of such dividends and whether or not the dividends are declared. No interest or sum of money in lieu of interest will be payable on any dividend payment or on any payment on Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares which is in arrears. Any dividend payment made on Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares will first be credited against the earliest accrued but unpaid dividend due with respect to Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares which remains payable. No
dividends on the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares will be declared if prohibited by law or regulation. (ii) As long as any Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares are outstanding, no dividends or other distributions may be declared or paid or set apart for payment on any class or series of Parity Shares for any period unless either (1) full cumulative dividends have been or contemporaneously are declared and paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set apart for such payments on the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares for all dividend periods terminating on or prior to the dividend payment date on such Parity Shares, or (2) all dividends declared upon the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares and any Parity Shares are declared pro rata so that the amount of dividends declared per share on the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares and any Parity Shares will in all cases bear to each other the same ratio that accrued and unpaid dividends per share on the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares and such Parity Shares bear to each other. (iii) As long as any Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares are outstanding (1) no dividends (other than those paid in ordinary shares or other shares ranking junior in right of payment to the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares as to dividends and as to any voluntary or involuntary distribution of assets on liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the affairs of the Company (including the ordinary shares, "Fully Junior Shares")) may be declared or paid or set apart for payment upon any Junior Shares, (2) no other distribution (other than those paid in Fully Junior Shares) may be declared or paid or set apart for payment upon any Junior Shares and (3) no Junior Shares will be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired (other than a redemption, purchase or other acquisition of ordinary shares made for purposes of any employee incentive, stock, benefit or any similar plan of the Company or any of its subsidiaries) for any consideration (or any moneys be paid to or made available for a sinking fund or the redemption of any Junior Shares) by the Company (except by conversion into or exchange for Fully Junior Shares), unless, in any such case, full cumulative dividends on the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares and any Parity Shares have been or contemporaneously are declared and paid, or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set apart for payment, for all dividend periods terminating on or prior to the date such dividends or distributions are declared or paid on the Junior Shares, or such Junior Shares are redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired. (c) Voting Rights. (i) Subject to clause (iii) below, and unless required by law or court order, the holders of Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares shall not be entitled to receive notice of nor to attend nor to vote at any general meeting of the Company. (ii) The holders of Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares shall be entitled to one vote for each share held at any separate general meeting of that class (i.e., Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares). Subject to the applicable provisions of the Articles and the Law, unless the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares have been previously redeemed or called for redemption (and funds necessary for such redemption have been
set apart by the Company in trust for the benefit of the holders of the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares so called for redemption), the Company may not take any action which would vary the rights attached to the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares without the written consent of the holders of three-fourths of the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares or the sanction of a special resolution passed by two-thirds of the votes cast at a general meeting of the holders of the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares. At every separate meeting of the holders of the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, the necessary quorum shall be any one or more persons present in person or by proxy holding not less than one-third of the issued shares of that class. Notwithstanding the foregoing and subject to the applicable provisions of the Articles and the Law, holders of the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares are not entitled to vote on the issuance of any shares that are in parity with the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares with respect to payment of dividends and distribution of assets in liquidation. (iii) If at any time the equivalent of six (6) or more full quarterly dividends (whether consecutive or not) on the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares shall be in arrears (whether or not such dividends shall have been earned or declared), then during such period until all such arrearages in dividends shall have been paid in full, and only during such period (the "Voting Period"), the holders of the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares voting together as a single class with any other series or classes of Other Shares also in arrears and having such right shall be entitled by ordinary resolution at a separate meeting of such holders to elect two persons and nominate such elected persons for appointment by the Board of Directors as additional Directors of the Company. In no event shall there be more than two Directors elected by the holders of Other Shares (whether voting alone as a series or class or with another series or class so in arrears and having such right). (iv) Any Director who shall have been elected pursuant to paragraph (2)(c)(iii) above may be removed at any time during a Voting Period, either for or without cause, by, and only by, ordinary resolution of the holders of the outstanding Other Shares of the relevant series at a special separate general meeting of such holders called for that purpose. Any vacancy thereby created may be filled during such Voting Period by ordinary resolution of the holders of Other Shares of all the relevant series at such a meeting. Any Director elected by holders of Other Shares pursuant to this provision, or by any Director so elected as herein contemplated, who dies, resigns or otherwise ceases to be a Director during a Voting Period shall, except as otherwise provided in the preceding sentence, be replaced by the remaining Director theretofore elected by the holders of Other Shares nominating a replacement for appointment by the Board of Directors, provided that if no remaining additional Director is then in office, additional Directors will be elected in accordance with the procedures described above. At the end of the Voting Period, the holders of Other Shares of all of the relevant series shall be automatically divested of all voting powers vested in them by this provision, but subject always to subsequent vesting of such voting power in the holders of Other Shares in the event of any similar cumulated arrearage in payment of quarterly dividends occurring thereafter. The term of all Directors elected and appointed pursuant to this provision shall in all events expire at the end of the applicable Voting Period and if the size of the Board was increased for purpose
of the additional Directors, the number of Directors constituting the Board shall be reduced accordingly. The provisions of the Articles relating to general meetings shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to every such separate meeting, except that the necessary quorum shall be any one or more persons present in person or by proxy holding not less than fifty percent (50%) of the issued Other Shares of the relevant series. (d) Redemption. The Company shall be entitled to redeem all or any of the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares as follows: (i) Subject to clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares shall not be redeemable by the Company prior to May 30, 2008, except as discussed in clauses (ii), (iii) or (iv). On or after such date, the Company shall be entitled at any time in whole or from time to time in part by not less than thirty (30) days nor more than sixty (60) days prior written notice to the relevant Holders, in such form and given in such manner as the Directors shall from time to time determine and in accordance with paragraph (e) below, to redeem all or any of the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares pursuant to this clause for cash at a redemption price of US$250.00 per share being redeemed (inclusive of the nominal value thereof) plus all accrued and unpaid dividends, if any, thereon to the date of redemption, without interest on such unpaid dividends. Holders of the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares to be redeemed will be entitled to the redemption price following the surrender of certificates for such shares at the price designated in the notice. (ii) At any time prior to May 30, 2008, if the Company shall have submitted to the holders of Ordinary Shares a proposal for an amalgamation, consolidation, merger, arrangement, reconstruction, reincorporation, deregistration or any other similar transaction involving the Company that requires or shall have submitted any proposal for any other matter that, as a result of any change in Cayman Islands Law after May 7, 2003 (whether by enactment or official interpretation), that requires, in each case, a vote of the holders of the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares at the time outstanding, voting separately as a single class (alone or with one or more other classes or series of preferred shares, including the Company's Series A Preferred Shares), the Company shall have the option by not less than thirty (30) days nor more than sixty (60) days prior written notice to the relevant Holders, in such form and given in such manner as the Directors shall from time to time determine and in accordance with paragraph (e) below, to redeem all of the outstanding Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares pursuant to this clause for cash at a redemption price of US$260.00 per share being redeemed (inclusive of the nominal value thereof) plus all accrued and unpaid dividends, if any, to the date of redemption, without interest on such unpaid dividends. (iii) If there is a "change in tax law" that would require the Company or any successor company to pay additional amounts with respect to the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares on the next succeeding dividend payment date, and the payment of those additional amounts cannot be avoided by the use of any reasonable measures available to the Company or any successor company, the Company shall have the option at any time thereafter by not less than thirty (30) days nor more than sixty (60) days prior written notice to the relevant Holders, in such form and given in such manner as the Directors
shall from time to time determine and in accordance with paragraph (e) below, to redeem any or all Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares pursuant to this clause for cash at a redemption price of US$250.00 per share being redeemed (inclusive of the nominal value thereof) plus accrued and unpaid dividends, if any, to the date of redemption, without interest on such unpaid dividends. For the purposes of this provision, a "change in tax law" shall be (a) a change in or amendment to laws, regulations or rulings of any jurisdiction, political subdivision or taxing authority described in the next sentence, (b) a change in the official application or interpretation of those laws, regulations or rulings, or (c) any execution of or amendment to any treaty affecting taxation to which any jurisdiction, political subdivision or taxing authority described in the next sentence is party after May 7, 2003. The jurisdictions, political subdivisions and taxing authorities referred to in the previous sentence are (a) the Cayman Islands or any political subdivision or governmental authority of or in the Cayman Islands with the power to tax, (b) any jurisdiction from or through which the Company or its paying agent is making payments on the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares or any political subdivision or governmental authority of or in that jurisdiction with the power to tax, or (c) any other jurisdiction in which the Company or its successor company is organized or generally subject to taxation or any political subdivision or governmental authority of or in that jurisdiction with the power to tax. (iv) If the entity formed by a consolidation, merger or amalgamation involving the Company or the entity to which the Company conveys, transfers or leases substantially all of its properties and assets is required to pay additional amounts in respect of any tax, assessment or governmental charge imposed on any holder of Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares as a result of a change in tax law that occurred after the date of the consolidation, merger, amalgamation, conveyance, transfer or lease, and the payment of those amounts cannot be avoided by the use of any reasonable measures available to the Company or any successor company, the Company shall have the option at any time thereafter by not less than thirty (30) days nor more than sixty (60) days prior written notice to the relevant Holders, in such form and given in such manner as the Directors shall from time to time determine and in accordance with paragraph (e) below, to redeem any or all Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares pursuant to this clause for cash at a redemption price of US$250.00 per share being redeemed (inclusive of the nominal value thereof) plus all accrued and unpaid dividends, if any, to the date of redemption. (e) Notice of any redemption described herein will be mailed at least thirty (30) days but not more than sixty (60) days before the redemption date to each holder of record of Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares to be redeemed at the address shown in the register of members of the Company. Each notice will state as appropriate: (1) the redemption date; (2) the number of Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares to be redeemed; (3) the redemption price; (4) the place or places where certificates for Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares are to be surrendered for payment of the redemption price if any such certificates are outstanding; and (5) where applicable, that dividends on the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on such redemption date. If fewer than all Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares are to be redeemed, the notice mailed to each such holder thereof will also specify the number of Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares to be redeemed from such
holder. The notice shall contain (i) the name and address of the relevant bank or trust company to be used for purposes of redemption (if any) and (ii) a statement as to the deposit or intent to deposit the redemption funds in such trust account. (f) If fewer than all of the outstanding Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares are to be redeemed, the number of shares to be redeemed will be determined by the Directors in their absolute discretion and such Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares may be redeemed pro rata from the holders of record in proportion to the number of Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares held by such holders (with adjustments to avoid redemption of fractional shares) or by lot. (g) If notice of redemption of any Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares has been given and if the funds necessary for such redemption have been set apart by the Company in trust for the benefit of the holders of Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares so called for redemption, then from and after the redemption date, dividends will cease to accrue on the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares being redeemed, the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares will no longer be deemed to be outstanding and all rights of the holders of such shares will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price. (h) If a redemption date falls after a dividend record date and prior to the corresponding dividend payment date, the holders of Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares at the close of business on the dividend record date will be entitled to receive the dividend payable with respect to such Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares on the corresponding dividend payment date notwithstanding the redemption thereof between the dividend record date and the corresponding dividend payment date or a default in the payment of the dividend due on such dividend payment date. (i) Unless full cumulative dividends on all Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares and all Parity Shares shall have been declared and paid, or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set apart for payment for all past dividend periods terminating on or prior to the date of a redemption, purchase or other acquisition, no Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares or any Parity Shares may be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired by the Company unless all Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares and any Parity Shares are redeemed; provided, that, the Company may acquire fewer than all of the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares or any Parity Shares pursuant to a purchase or exchange offer made on the same terms to holders of all Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares and Parity Shares as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company. (j) The Company, subject to (1) certain limitations contained in the Company's Articles of Association, (2) the special rights granted to any of the Company's issued and outstanding shares, (3) applicable law and (4) the Company's requirement pursuant to clause (i) to make a purchase or exchange offering on the same terms to holders of all outstanding Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares and Parity Shares, may, at any time and from time to time, purchase outstanding Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares. Any such purchase made by the Company may be made in the open market, by tender to all holders of Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, by private agreement
or otherwise as the Directors see fit. Any Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares purchased by the Company for its own account (other than in the ordinary course of business of dealing in securities) will be cancelled by the Company and will no longer be issued and outstanding. (k) The Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares may be purchased or redeemed by the Company out of profits, from the proceeds of a fresh issue of shares made for the purpose of the redemption or purchase, out of capital or from the share premium account. (l) Payment of the redemption amount shall only be effected upon surrender to the Company for cancellation of any share certificate in respect of the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares (to the extent such certificates are outstanding) to be redeemed and shall be made as promptly as practicable. If any certificate so surrendered includes Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares not being redeemed, a new certificate for the remaining Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares shall be issued to the holder in accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company without charge to such holder. (m) The Directors may make such further regulations concerning the administerial process of redemption as they shall from time to time deem necessary so long as the rights of the Holders are not varied. (n) The rights conferred upon the holders of the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares shall not be deemed to be varied by the creation or issue of any Parity Shares, Junior Shares or Fully Junior Shares. (o) Payments of Additional Amounts. Payments on the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares shall be made free and clear of and without deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future taxes, assessments or other governmental charges imposed by any jurisdiction, political subdivision or taxing authority described in clause 1(d)(iii) of these Resolutions, unless the deduction or withholding of such taxes, assessments or other governmental charges is required by law, regulations or rulings or the application or official interpretation of such law, regulations or rulings. In that event, the Company shall pay or cause to be paid additional amounts to the registered holders of the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares as additional dividends to make up for any deduction or withholding for any present or future taxes, assessments or other governmental charges imposed by any jurisdiction, political subdivision or taxing authority described in clause 1(d)(iii) of these Resolutions in respect of any amounts that the Company or a successor company must pay with respect to the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, so that the net amounts paid to the holders of the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, after that deduction or withholding, shall equal the respective amounts that would have been receivable by such holders had no such withholding or deduction been required. However, the Company shall not be obligated to pay additional amounts to any holder that: (i) resides in or is a citizen of the jurisdiction, political subdivision or taxing authority imposing the taxes, assessments or other governmental charges that would otherwise
trigger the Company's obligation to pay additional amounts; or (ii) is a fiduciary, partnership, limited liability company or other pass-thru entity if, and to the extent that, the payment of additional amounts would be required by a jurisdiction, political subdivision or taxing authority described in clause 1(d)(iii) of these Resolutions to be included in the income for tax purposes of a beneficiary or settlor with respect to that fiduciary or a member of that partnership, limited liability company or other pass-thru entity who would not have been entitled to any additional amounts had that beneficiary, settlor or member held those Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares directly. In addition, the Company shall not be obligated to pay any additional amounts to a holder of Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares on account of: (i) any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for the existence of any present or former connection between the holder, or certain other persons, and the taxing jurisdiction or political subdivision, or any Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares presented for payment more than thirty (30) days after the Relevant Date; (ii) any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, personal property or similar tax, assessment or other governmental charge; (iii) any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is payable otherwise than by withholding or deduction from payment of the liquidation preference of or any dividends on the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares; (iv) any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is imposed or withheld by reason of the failure by the holder or the beneficial owner of the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares to promptly comply with a request by the Company to (a) provide information, documents, certifications or other evidence concerning the nationality, residence or identity of the holder or beneficial owner or (b) make and deliver any declaration or other similar claim, other than a claim for refund of a tax, assessment or other governmental charge withheld by the Company, or satisfy any information or reporting requirements, which, in the case of clauses (a) or (b), is required or imposed by a statute, treaty, regulation or administrative practice of the taxing jurisdiction as a precondition to exemption from all or part of that tax, assessment or other governmental charge; or (v) any combination of the items identified by the subparagraphs above. The "Relevant Date" means, in respect of any payment, the date on which such payment first becomes due and payable, but if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been received by the depositary on or prior to such due date, it means the first date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received and being available for payment to holders, notice to that effect shall have been duly given to the holders of the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares.
(p) No Preemptive Rights. The Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares shall not be entitled to the benefits of any retirement or sinking fund. No holder of Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, solely by reason of any such holding, has or will have any preemptive right to subscribe for any additional issue of the Company's shares of any class or series or to any security convertible into any such shares. (q) Ranking. Any class or series of shares of the Company shall be deemed to rank (1) prior to the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, as to the payment of dividends and as to any voluntary or involuntary return of assets on liquidation, dissolution, winding-up or otherwise of the Company, if the holders of such class or series shall be entitled to the receipt of dividends or of amounts distributable upon any voluntary or involuntary return of assets on liquidation, dissolution, winding up or otherwise, as the case may be, in preference or priority to the holders of the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, (2) on a parity with the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares as to the payment of dividends and as to distribution of assets upon any voluntary or involuntary return of assets on liquidation, dissolution, winding up or otherwise of the Company, whether or not the dividend rates, dividend payment dates or redemption or liquidation prices per share thereof shall be different from those of the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, if the holders of such class or series and the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares shall be entitled to the receipt of dividends and of amounts distributable upon any voluntary or involuntary return of assets on liquidation, dissolution, winding up or otherwise of the Company in proportion to their respective amounts of accrued and unpaid dividends per share or liquidation preferences, without preference or priority one over the other or (3) junior to the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, as to the payment of dividends and as to distribution of assets upon any voluntary or involuntary return of assets on liquidation, dissolution, winding up or otherwise of the Company, if such class or series is ordinary shares or other shares ranking junior in right of payment to Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares as to dividends and/or as to the distribution of assets upon any voluntary or involuntary return of assets on liquidation, dissolution, winding up or otherwise of the Company. The Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares will rank on a parity with the Series A Preferred Shares as to the payment of dividends and as to distribution of assets upon any voluntary or involuntary return of assets on liquidation, dissolution, winding up or otherwise of the Company.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20030625155622.txt.gz
TIME:20030625155622
EVENTS:	Other events
TEXT:
ITEM: Other events
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K Current Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): June 20, 2003 ACE LIMITED (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Cayman Islands 1-11778 98-0091805 (State or other jurisdiction (Commission (I.R.S. Employer of Incorporation) File Number) Identification No.) ACE Global Headquarters 17 Woodbourne Avenue Hamilton, Bermuda HM 08 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (441) 295-5200 Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)
Item 5. Other Information On June 20, 2003 ACE Limited's Board of Directors elected Evan Greenberg to the position of President and Chief Operating Officer of ACE Limited. Mr. Greenberg will continue to head ACE Global Reinsurance and ACE Overseas General, and will also take responsibility for day-to-day operations of ACE Limited, the parent company. His new duties include supervision of all ACE Limited administration functions and learning and development. Dominic Frederico will become Vice Chairman of ACE Limited, with continued responsibility for ACE's North American operations, which include ACE USA, ACE Westchester Specialty Group and ACE Bermuda, as well as for all of ACE's financial lines of business.
SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Dated: June 23, 2003 ACE LIMITED By: /s/ Robert Blee ----------------------- Robert Blee Chief Accounting Officer


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20030728184724.txt.gz
TIME:20030728184724
EVENTS:		Financial statements and exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: 
ITEM: Financial statements and exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 7. Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits.
 
 
 
 
Item 12. Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
 
On July 28, 2003, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its second quarter 2003 results and the availability of its second quarter financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
In accordance with general instructions B.2 and B.6 of Form 8-K, the information in this report, including exhibits, is furnished pursuant to Item 12 and shall not be deemed "filed" for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: July 28, 2003
 

 
 
 
 
 
HAMILTON, Bermuda  July 28, 2003  ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported the results of operations for the quarter ended June 30, 2003. Highlights for the quarter are as follows:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Brian Duperreault, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "If I had to single out a defining characteristic of the second quarter, I would point to the significant increase in our capital strength. Everything that happened this quarter contributed to our capital resources. We posted record income, generated positive gains in both our fixed income and equity portfolios, completed the conversion of $311 million of mezzanine securities to common equity and completed the issue of $575 million of perpetual preferred shares. The result was a 22% increase in shareholders' equity for the quarter from $6.7 billion to $8.2 billion."
 
Please refer to the ACE Financial Supplement June 30, 2003, which is posted on the Company's website, for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, financial guaranty portfolio, investment portfolio and capital structure. ACE's website reference (url) is http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/nys/ace/reports/fin_supp_june_30_2003.xls.
 
ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) will host a live webcast of its second quarter earnings conference call on Tuesday, July 29, 2003, beginning at 8:30 a.m. EST. The public may access both the webcast, available on a listen-only basis, and the financial supplement at . Please refer to our website under "Investor Information, Calendar of Events", one half hour before the webcast, for further details. Individuals who access the webcast will be asked to identify themselves and their affiliation. A replay of the webcast will be available following the live webcast on Tuesday, July 29, 2003 until Wednesday, August 13, 2003 at 5:00 p.m. EDT.
www.acelimited.com
 
The ACE Group of Companies provides insurance and reinsurance for a diverse group of clients. The ACE Group conducts its business on a global basis with operating subsidiaries in nearly 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acelimited.com
 
 
 
 
Application of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995:
 
Any forward-looking statements made in this press release reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, the impact of aggregate policy coverage limits, the impact of bankruptcies of various asbestos producers and related businesses, new theories of liability, judicial and legislative developments, litigation tactics, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, actual market developments, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Table of Contents
 
 
 
Application of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995:
 
Any forward-looking statements made in this financial supplement reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements concerning reserves and recoverables could be affected by the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience which differs from the Company's assumptions, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, the impact of aggregate policy coverage limits, the impact of bankruptcies of various asbestos producers and related business, new theories of liability, judicial and legislative developments, litigation tactics, credit developments among reinsurers and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002 and in the Company's earnings press release, which is available on the Company's website. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Table of Contents
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
Consolidated Property and Casualty
Excluding Financial Services
 
 
Consolidated property and casualty excluding financial services is presented to allow for comparison and analysis with earnings guidance.
 
Table of Contents
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
Insurance-North American
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
Insurance-Overseas General
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
Insurance-Overseas General
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
Global Reinsurance-Property & Casualty
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
Financial Services
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
Financial Services
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
 
NoteRatings are internally determined based on rating agency guidelines
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
Distribution by Ratings of Financial Guaranty Portfolio
 
 
Geographic Distribution of Financial Guaranty Portfolio
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
As illustrated in the table above, it is important to consider the composition of the recoverable balance and the related exposures in three components: Brandywine, Westchester and Active Operations recoverable. Active operations include the run-off operations of CIS. Additional information on reinsurance recoverable on a consolidated basis and for active operations for March 31, 2003 can be found on pages 29 and 30, respectively.
 
The Company's obligations with respect to further funding of the Brandywine runoff are limited pursuant to the Brandywine Restructuring Order under an $800 million aggregate excess of loss reinsurance agreement. (Refer to the "Asbestos and Environmental Claims" section of the "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations" incorporated into our recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002 for additional information about the order and other Company obligations.) At June 30, 2003 approximately $446 million in losses and recoverable bad debt reserves were ceded to the aggregate excess of loss reinsurance agreement leaving a remaining limit of approximately $354 million.
 
As part of the Westchester acquisition, National Indemnity provided reinsurance protection for all losses occurring prior to 1997. At June 30, 2003, the remaining limit in the reinsurance cover was approximately $600 million.
 
The remaining balance of reinsurance recoverable consists of recoverables primarily associated with active operations.
 
Table of Contents
 
 
Detail on Reinsurance Recoverable on Paid Losses and Loss Expenses
 
 
SAP to GAAP Reconciliation
 
A significant amount of detail on a large portion of our reinsurance recoverables are disclosed in our US statutory annual reports. The following is a reconciliation of the amount reported in these reports to our total recoverable as of December 31, 2002 reported for GAAP purposes:
 
 
Table of Contents
Consolidated Reinsurance Recoverables
 
 
At March 31, 2003, $10.3 billion of consolidated recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 95% were rated A- or better by Standard & Poor's.
 
 
Classification of reinsurer balances excludes any consideration of related collateral or offsetting balances.
 
Table of Contents
 
Reinsurance Recoverable for Active Operations
 
 
At March 31, 2003, $5.7 billion of the active operations' recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 95% were rated A- or better by Standard & Poor's. At March 31, 2003, the $8.9 billion gross balance includes government pools of $753 million and structured settlements with recourse of $274 million, both of which present very limited collectibility exposure. The Company held collateral of $2.0 billion, of which $1.3 billion was matched and usable against existing recoverables.
 
 
Classification of reinsurer balances excludes any consideration of related collateral or offsetting balances.
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
Consolidated Asbestos and Environmental:
 
 
September 11, 2001 Tragedy Information as of June 30, 2003:
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
Top 10 ExposuresFixed Income Investments and Single Name Credit Default Swaps
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
Regulation GNon-GAAP Financial Measures
 
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations; however,
they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with GAAP. The non-GAAP measure is a common performance measurement and is defined as net income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) on investments, the tax effect of net realized gains (losses) on investments and the cumulative effect of adopting a new accounting standard, net of income tax. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
 
We exclude net realized gains (losses) on investments because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part, according to the availability of market opportunities. The cumulative effect of adopting a new accounting standard is excluded from our calculation. We believe these amounts are largely independent of our business and including them would distort the analysis of trends. Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) and the cumulative effect of adopting a new accounting standard should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Ordinary Share to Diluted Book Value per Ordinary Share
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20031028203146.txt.gz
TIME:20031028203146
EVENTS:		Financial statements and exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: 
ITEM: Financial statements and exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On October 28, 2003, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its third quarter 2003 results and the availability of its third quarter financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
In accordance with general instruction B.6 of Form 8-K, the information in this report, including exhibits, is furnished pursuant to Item 12 and shall not be deemed "filed" for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: October 28, 2003
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 
ACE Limited (NYSE:ACE) today reported that fully diluted net income per share totaled $1.22, which included after-tax net realized gains of $51 million for the quarter. This compared with a net loss of $0.24 per share for the quarter a year ago after considering $205 million in net realized losses. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) for the third quarter of 2003 was up 105% to a record $304 million, or $1.04 per share, compared with $148 million or $0.53 per share for the same quarter last year.
HAMILTON, Bermuda, October 28, 2003
(1)
 
Net premiums written increased 4% to $2.3 billion for the quarter. Out of total net premiums written, consolidated property and casualty increased by 27%, while Financial Services declined 78% reflecting the erratic nature of production in this segment. Most of this decline was due to the absence of new loss portfolio transfer and equity CDO premium for the quarter.
 
Brian Duperreault, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited commented, "This was another excellent quarter for our Company that once again demonstrated the growing strength of our organization, our global presence and diversified product capability. ACE recorded increased income before net realized gains (losses) in every operating segment for the quarter. We remain optimistic about business conditions for the balance of the year and beyond."
 
Other operating highlights were as follows:
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shareholders' equity is $8.3 billion, an increase of 31% from December 31, 2002. Tangible equity amounted to $5.6 billion, a gain of 53% in the first nine months. Total capital resources were $10.7 billion as of September 30, 2003. ACE's debt to total capital ratio improved to 17.7%. Income before net realized gains as a percent of average equity, including the application of FAS 115, on an annualized basis totaled 15.2% for the quarter, and 16.8 % excluding FAS 115.
 
Financial results improved over the prior year's results for each segment; details are available in the financial supplement. Key items include:
 
 
 
 
 
Please refer to the ACE Financial Supplement September 30, 2003, which is posted on the Company's website, for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, financial guaranty portfolio, investment portfolio and capital structure. ACE's website reference (url) is . (Due to the length of this URL, it may be necessary to copy and paste this hyperlink into your Internet browser's URL address field.)
http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/nys/ace/reports fin_supp_september_30_2003.xls
 
ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) will host its third quarter earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday, October 29, 2003 beginning at 8:00 a.m. EST. The call is available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 1-973-582-2745. Please refer to our website in the "Investor Information, Calendar of Events" for details. A replay of the call will be available from Wednesday, October 29, 2003 until Wednesday, November 12, 2003 at 5:00 p.m. EST. To listen to the replay, dial: 1-877-519-4471 (in the United States) or 1-973-341-3080 (international); passcode 4224312.
www.acelimited.com
 
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. A component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in nearly 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
http://www.acelimited.com
 
 
 
Application of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995:
 
Any forward-looking statements made in this press release reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, the impact of aggregate policy coverage limits, the impact of bankruptcies of various asbestos producers and related businesses, new theories of liability, judicial and legislative developments, litigation tactics, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, actual market developments, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ratios exclude life reinsurance business
 
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.2
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 
 
Application of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995:
 
Any forward-looking statements made in this financial supplement reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements concerning reserves and recoverables could be affected by the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience which differs from the Company's assumptions, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, the impact of aggregate policy coverage limits, the impact of bankruptcies of various asbestos producers and related business, new theories of liability, judicial and legislative developments, litigation tactics, credit developments among reinsurers and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002, the Company's quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2003 and June 30, 2003 and in the Company's earnings press release, which are available on the Company's website. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 
 
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
Consolidated Property and Casualty Excluding Financial Services (1)
 
 
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 
 
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 
 
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 
 
 
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 
 
 
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 
Insurance-North American
 
 
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 
InsuranceOverseas General
 
 
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 
Global ReinsuranceProperty & Casualty
 
 
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 
Financial Services
 
 
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 
Financial Services
 
 
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 
 
NoteRatings are internally determined based on rating agency guidelines
 
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 
Distribution by Ratings of Financial Guaranty Portfolio
 
 
Geographic Distribution of Financial Guaranty Portfolio as of September 30, 2003
 
 
 
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 
 
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 
 
 
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 
 
 
 
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 
 
 
 
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 
 
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 
 
 
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 
Reinsurance Recoverable for Active Operations
 
 
At June 30, 2003, $5.6 billion of the active operations' recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 87% were rated A- or better by Standard & Poor's. The Company held collateral of $2.1 billion, of which $1.4 billion was matched and usable against existing recoverables.
 
 
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 
Consolidated Reinsurance Recoverable
 
 
At June 30, 2003, $10.0 billion of consolidated recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 91% were rated A- or better by Standard & Poor's.
 
 
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 
Detail on Reinsurance Recoverable on Paid Losses and Loss Expenses
 
 
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 
 
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
Investment portfolio
 
Top 10 ExposuresFixed Maturity Investments and Single Name Credit Default Swaps
 
 
 
 
 
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 
 
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 
 
Regulation GNon-GAAP Financial Measures
 
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations; however, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of book value per share to diluted book value per ordinary share is provided on page 33. The following non-GAAP measure is a common performance measurement and is defined as net income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) on investments and the tax effect of net realized gains (losses) on investments. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
 
We exclude net realized gains (losses) on investments because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part, according to the availability of market opportunities. We believe these amounts are largely independent of our business and including them would distort the analysis of trends. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
 
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Ordinary Share to Diluted Book Value per Ordinary Share
 
 
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Reinsurance Recoverable
 
A significant amount of detail on a large portion of our reinsurance recoverables are disclosed in our US statutory annual reports. The following is a reconciliation of the amount reported in these reports to our total recoverable as of December 31, 2002 reported for GAAP purposes:
 
 
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20040204200233.txt.gz
TIME:20040204200233
EVENTS:		Financial statements and exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: 
ITEM: Financial statements and exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On February 4, 2004, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its year-end, fourth quarter 2003 results and the availability of its fourth quarter financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
In accordance with general instruction B.6 of Form 8-K, the information in this report, including exhibits, is furnished pursuant to Item 12 and shall not be deemed "filed" for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: February 4, 2004
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 
 
ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported that net income for 2003 was a record $1.4 billion or $4.93 per share, compared with net income of $77 million or $0.19 per share for the prior year. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) on investments for 2003 was up 142% to a record $1.2 billion, or $4.21 per share, compared with $494 million or $1.74 per share for last year.
HAMILTON, Bermuda, February 4, 2004
(1)
The prior year included a charge of $354 million in the fourth quarter related to asbestos and environmental reserves.
 
For the quarter ended December 31, 2003, net income was $421 million or $1.45 per share, compared with a net loss of $168 million or $0.67 per share for the prior year. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) on investments for the fourth quarter of 2003 was a record $328 million, or $1.12 per share, compared with a loss of $99 million or $0.41 per share for the same quarter last year.
(1)
 
Brian Duperreault, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "The record results of 2003 reflect the significant earnings power that ACE has built up over the last three years. With annual net income substantially in excess of $1 billion, ACE has established a preeminent presence in the global property and casualty insurance industry. As we look ahead to 2004, we view our prospects for further growth with continued optimism."
 
Other 2003 operating highlights were as follows:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial results improved over the prior year's results for virtually every business segment. Further details are available in the financial supplement. Key items include:
 
 
 
 
 
As previously disclosed on December 2, 2003, ACE Limited intends to pursue an initial public offering of its financial guaranty business (ACE expects to offer approximately 65% to 75% of its interest in AGC Holdings Limited). The IPO is expected to be completed in the first half of 2004, subject to market conditions and receipt of various regulatory approvals.
 
Please refer to the ACE Financial Supplement December 31, 2003, which is posted on the Company's website, for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, financial guaranty portfolio, investment portfolio and capital structure. ACE's website reference (url) is . (Due to the length of this URL, it may be necessary to copy and paste this hyperlink into your Internet browser's URL address field.)
http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/nys/ace/reports/fin_supp_december_31_2003.xls
 
ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) will host its year-end, fourth quarter earnings conference call and webcast on Thursday, February 5, 2004 beginning at 8:30 a.m. EST. The call is available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 1-973-582-2745. Please refer to our website in the "Investor Information, Calendar of Events" for details. A replay of the call will be available from Thursday, February 5, 2004 until Thursday, February 19, 2004 at 5:00 p.m. EST. To listen to the replay, dial: 1-877-519-4471 (in the United States) or 1-973-341-3080 (international); passcode 4434407.
www.acelimited.com
 
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. A component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in nearly 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
http://www.acelimited.com
 
 
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:
 
Any forward-looking statements made in this press release reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those, set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, new theories of liability, planned public offerings, judicial and legislative developments, litigation tactics, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, actual market developments, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
Consolidated Property and Casualty Excluding Financial Services
(1)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance - Property & Casualty
 
 
 
Financial Services
 
 
 
 
Financial Services
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note - Ratings are internally determined based on rating agency guidelines
 
 
Distribution by Ratings of Financial Guaranty Portfolio
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Largest Single Name Corporate CDS
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
 
 
Note: Active operations include the run-off operations of CIS and certain other divisions.
 
 
Reinsurance Recoverable for Active Operations
 
 
At September 30, 2003, $6.7 billion of the active operations' recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 84% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by nationally recognized rating agencies. The Company held collateral of $2.3 billion, of which $1.5 billion was matched and usable against existing recoverables.
 
 
 
Consolidated Reinsurance Recoverable
 
 
At September 30, 2003, $11.3 billion of consolidated recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 88% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by nationally recognized rating agencies.
 
 
 
Detail on Reinsurance Recoverable on Paid Losses and Loss Expenses
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investment portfolio
 
Top 10 Exposures - Fixed Maturity Investments and Single Name Credit Default Swaps
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
 
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations; however, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of book value per share to diluted book value per ordinary share is provided on page 33. The following non-GAAP measure is a common performance measurement and is defined as net income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) on investments and the tax effect of net realized gains (losses) on investments. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
 
We exclude net realized gains (losses) on investments because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part, according to the availability of market opportunities. We believe these amounts are largely independent of our business and including them would distort the analysis of trends. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Ordinary Share to Diluted Book Value per Ordinary Share
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Reinsurance Recoverable
 
A significant amount of detail on a large portion of our reinsurance recoverables are disclosed in our US statutory annual reports. The following is a reconciliation of the amount reported in these reports to our total recoverable as of December 31, 2002 reported for GAAP purposes:
 
 
 
 
 
 
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) less perpetual preferred and mezzanine equity dividend divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity for the period. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio for the property and casualty and financial services operations.
Combined ratio:
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity and net proceeds from assumed conversions of outstanding in-the-money options divided by the sum of shares outstanding and the number of options assumed issued.
Diluted book value per ordinary share:
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity and net proceeds from assumed conversions of outstanding in-the-money options less goodwill divided by the sum of shares outstanding and the number of options assumed issued.
Diluted tangible book value per ordinary share:
 
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses).
Effective tax rate:
 
Unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity.
FAS 115:
 
Net premium earned and net investment income less future policy benefits, acquisition costs and administrative expenses.
Life underwriting income:
 
Not meaningful.
NM:
 
: Shareholders' equity less perpetual preferred shares.
Ordinary shareholders' equity
 
Loss and loss expense ratios, policy acquisition cost ratios and administrative expense ratios exclude life reinsurance business and financial services segment.
Property and casualty combined ratios:
 
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) less perpetual preferred securities and mezzanine equity dividends divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity.
Return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
Shareholders' equity less goodwill.
Tangible equity:
 
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, mezzanine equity, perpetual preferred shares and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20040308153814.txt.gz
TIME:20040308153814
EVENTS:		Financial statements and exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: 
ITEM: Financial statements and exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 7. Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits.
 
 
 
Item 12. Results of Operations and Financial Condition
 
On March 5, 2004, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting a subsequent event resulting in a 2003 realized gain and the availability of its fourth quarter financial supplement. The press release is attached hereto as exhibit 99.1, and is hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
In accordance with general instruction B.6 of Form 8-K, the information in this report, including exhibits, is furnished pursuant to Item 12 and shall not be deemed "filed" for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: March 5, 2004
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 
 
HAMILTON, Bermuda  March 5, 2004  ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) reported today that subsequent to its February 4, 2004 year-end earnings release and before the filing of its Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company's Financial Guaranty subsidiary terminated with the original counterparty a derivative contract, that resulted in an after tax realized gain of approximately $23.0 million, or $0.08 per diluted share. ACE will change its Mark to Market adjustment for this derivative contract in its 2003 Financial Services segment and consolidated financial statements, since this subsequent event provided additional information concerning the fair valuation of this derivative at the end of 2003. As a result of this transaction, realized gains for the fourth quarter and for the year totaled $128.0 million and $252.0 million respectively. Net income for the fourth quarter and for the year totaled $444.0 million and $1,417.0 million respectively.
 
Please refer to the ACE Financial Supplement December 31, 2003, which is posted on the Company's website, for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, financial guaranty portfolio, investment portfolio and capital structure. ACE's website reference (url) is (Due to the length of this URL, it may be necessary to copy and paste this hyperlink into your Internet browser's URL address field.)
http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/nys/ace/reports/fin_supp_december_31_2003.xls.
 
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. A component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, The ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in approximately 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acelimited.com
 

Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
Consolidated Property and Casualty Excluding Financial Services
(1)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance - Property & Casualty
 
 
 
Financial Services
 
 
 
 
Financial Services
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note - Ratings are internally determined based on rating agency guidelines
 
 
Distribution by Ratings of Financial Guaranty Portfolio
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Largest Single Name Corporate CDS
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
 
 
Note: Active operations include the run-off operations of CIS and certain other divisions.
 
 
Reinsurance Recoverable for Active Operations
 
 
At September 30, 2003, $6.7 billion of the active operations' recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 84% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by nationally recognized rating agencies. The Company held collateral of $2.3 billion, of which $1.5 billion was matched and usable against existing recoverables.
 
 
 
Consolidated Reinsurance Recoverable
 
 
At September 30, 2003, $11.3 billion of consolidated recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 88% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by nationally recognized rating agencies.
 
 
 
Detail on Reinsurance Recoverable on Paid Losses and Loss Expenses
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investment portfolio
 
Top 10 Exposures - Fixed Maturity Investments and Single Name Credit Default Swaps
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
 
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations; however, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of book value per share to diluted book value per ordinary share is provided on page 33. The following non-GAAP measure is a common performance measurement and is defined as net income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) on investments and the tax effect of net realized gains (losses) on investments. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
 
We exclude net realized gains (losses) on investments because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part, according to the availability of market opportunities. We believe these amounts are largely independent of our business and including them would distort the analysis of trends. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Ordinary Share to Diluted Book Value per Ordinary Share
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Reinsurance Recoverable
 
A significant amount of detail on a large portion of our reinsurance recoverables are disclosed in our US statutory annual reports. The following is a reconciliation of the amount reported in these reports to our total recoverable as of December 31, 2002 reported for GAAP purposes:
 
 
 
 
 
 
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) less perpetual preferred and mezzanine equity dividend divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity for the period. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio for the property and casualty and financial services operations.
Combined ratio:
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity and net proceeds from assumed conversions of outstanding in-the-money options divided by the sum of shares outstanding and the number of options assumed issued.
Diluted book value per ordinary share:
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity and net proceeds from assumed conversions of outstanding in-the-money options less goodwill divided by the sum of shares outstanding and the number of options assumed issued.
Diluted tangible book value per ordinary share:
 
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses).
Effective tax rate:
 
Unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity.
FAS 115:
 
Net premium earned and net investment income less future policy benefits, acquisition costs and administrative expenses.
Life underwriting income:
 
Not meaningful.
NM:
 
: Shareholders' equity less perpetual preferred shares.
Ordinary shareholders' equity
 
Loss and loss expense ratios, policy acquisition cost ratios and administrative expense ratios exclude life reinsurance business and financial services segment.
Property and casualty combined ratios:
 
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) less perpetual preferred securities and mezzanine equity dividends divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity.
Return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
Shareholders' equity less goodwill.
Tangible equity:
 
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, mezzanine equity, perpetual preferred shares and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20040427173813.txt.gz
TIME:20040427173813
EVENTS:		Financial statements and exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: 
ITEM: Financial statements and exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On April 27, 2004, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its first quarter 2004 results and the availability of its first quarter financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
In accordance with general instruction B.6 of Form 8-K, the information in this report, including exhibits, is furnished pursuant to Item 12 and shall not be deemed "filed" for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: April 27, 2004
 

EXHIBIT 99.1
 
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 
 
ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported net income for the first quarter ended March 31, 2004 of $447 million or $1.53 per share, compared with net income of $247 million or $0.90 per share for the prior year. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) for the first quarter increased 47% to $411 million, or $1.40 per share, compared with $279 million or $1.02 per share for the same period a year ago.
HAMILTON, Bermuda, April 27, 2004
(1)
 
Brian Duperreault, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "ACE continues to make progress on every front. We grew rapidly in our key businesses, improved our margins and strengthened our balance sheet. Tomorrow, the successful initial public offering of our Financial Guaranty business will be closed, putting ACE in the strongest position it has ever been in to face the new business opportunities that lie ahead."
 
Other first quarter operating highlights were as follows:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial results improved over the prior year's results for virtually every business segment. Further details are available in the financial supplement. Key items include:
 
 
 
 
 
On April 23, 2004 ACE offered approximately 65% of Assured Guaranty Ltd. to the public. The transaction will net approximately $1 billion to ACE in cash. ACE expects to use the net proceeds to support its property and casualty insurance operations and for general corporate purposes.
 
Please refer to the ACE Financial Supplement March 31, 2004, which is posted on the Company's website, for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, financial guaranty portfolio, investment portfolio and capital structure. ACE's website reference (url) is. (Due to the length of this URL, it may be necessary to copy and paste this hyperlink into your Internet browser's URL address field.)
http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/nys/ace/reports/fin_supp_March_31,_2004.xls
 
ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) will host its first quarter 2004 earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday, April 28, 2004 beginning at 8:30 a.m. EDT. The call is available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 1-973-582-2745. Please refer to our website in the "Investor Information, Calendar of Events" for details. A replay of the call will be available until Wednesday, May 12, 2004. To listen to the replay, dial: 1-877-519-4471 (in the United States) or 1-973-341-3080 (international); passcode 4664925.
www.acelimited.com
 
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. A component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, The ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in approximately 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acelimited.com
 
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) on investments and the tax effect of net realized gains (losses) on investments is a common performance measurement. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) on investments because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. This measure should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
1
 
Diluted book value per ordinary share is ordinary shareholders' equity and net proceeds from assumed conversions of outstanding in-the-money options divided by the sum of shares outstanding and the number of options assumed issued.
2
 
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:
 
Any forward-looking statements made in this press release reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those, set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, new theories of liability, judicial and legislative developments, litigation tactics, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, actual market developments, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
Page 2/5
 
 
 
 
Ratios exclude life reinsurance business
 
 
 
 
Page 4/5
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 5/5

Table of Contents
EXHIBIT 99.2
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
Table of Contents
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
Table of Contents
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
Table of Contents
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
Table of Contents
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
Table of Contents
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
Table of Contents
 
Global Reinsurance - Property & Casualty
 
 
Table of Contents
 
Financial Services
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
Financial Services
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note - Ratings are internally determined based on rating agency guidelines
 
Table of Contents
 
Distribution by Ratings of Financial Guaranty Portfolio
 
 
Geographic Distribution of Financial Guaranty Portfolio as of March 31, 2004
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
Table of Contents
 
Largest Single Name Corporate CDS
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
Reinsurance Recoverable for Active Operations
 
 
At December 31, 2003, $6.9 billion of the active operations' recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 85% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by nationally recognized rating agencies. The Company held collateral of $1.7 billion, of which $1.2 billion was matched and usable against existing recoverables.
 
 
(1)
Other includes amounts recoverable that are in dispute, or are from companies who are in supervision, rehabilitation or liquidation. Our estimation of this reserve considers the credit quality of the reinsurer, and whether we have received collateral or other credit protections such as parental guarantees.
(2)
Excludes recoverable amounts from companies who are in supervision, rehabilitation or liquidation, or are captive reinsurers, mandatory pools or voluntary pools.
 
Table of Contents
 
Consolidated Reinsurance Recoverable
 
 
At December 31, 2003, $11.3 billion of consolidated recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 89% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by nationally recognized rating agencies.
 
 
(1)
Other includes amounts recoverable that are in dispute, or are from companies who are in supervision, rehabilitation or liquidation. Our estimation of this reserve considers the credit quality of the reinsurer, and whether we have received collateral or other credit protections such as parental guarantees.
(2)
Excludes recoverable amounts from companies who are in supervision, rehabilitation or liquidation, or are captive reinsurers, mandatory pools or voluntary pools.
 
Table of Contents
 
Detail on Reinsurance Recoverable on Paid Losses and Loss Expenses
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
Table of Contents
 
Investment portfolio
 
Top 10 Exposures - Fixed Maturity Investments and Single Name Credit Default Swaps
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
 
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations; however, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of book value per share to diluted book value per ordinary share is provided on page 33. The following non-GAAP measure is a common performance measurement and is defined as income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) on investments and the tax effect of net realized gains (losses) on investments. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
 
We exclude net realized gains (losses) on investments because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part, according to the availability of market opportunities. We believe these amounts are largely independent of our business and including them would distort the analysis of trends. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
 
Table of Contents
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Ordinary Share to Diluted Book Value per Ordinary Share
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
Table of Contents
 
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) less perpetual preferred securities and mezzanine equity dividends divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity for the period. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio for the property and casualty and financial services operations.
Combined ratio:
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity and net proceeds from assumed conversions of outstanding in-the-money options divided by the sum of shares outstanding and the number of options assumed issued.
Diluted book value per ordinary share:
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity and net proceeds from assumed conversions of outstanding in-the-money options less goodwill divided by the sum of shares outstanding and the number of options assumed issued.
Diluted tangible book value per ordinary share:
 
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses).
Effective tax rate:
 
Unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity.
FAS 115:
 
Net premium earned and net investment income less future policy benefits, acquisition costs and administrative expenses.
Life underwriting income:
 
Not meaningful.
NM:
 
Shareholders' equity less perpetual preferred shares.
Ordinary shareholders' equity:
 
Loss and loss expense ratios, policy acquisition cost ratios and administrative expense ratios excluding life reinsurance business and financial services segment.
Property and casualty combined ratios:
 
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) less perpetual preferred securities and mezzanine equity dividends divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity.
Return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
Shareholders' equity less goodwill.
Tangible equity:
 
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, mezzanine equity, perpetual preferred shares and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20040602104501.txt.gz
TIME:20040602104501
EVENTS:	Other events	Financial statements and exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other events
ITEM: Financial statements and exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 5. Other Events.
 
ACE Limited is filing Exhibit 12.1 (Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges and Preferred Share Dividends) on this Current Report on Form 8-K in order to incorporate it by reference into the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-88482) filed by ACE Limited and certain of its subsidiaries with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
 
Item 7. Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
 
 
SIGNATURES
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: June 2, 2004
 

Exhibit 12.1
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20040610144640.txt.gz
TIME:20040610144640
EVENTS:	Financial statements and exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Financial statements and exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 7. Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
(c) Exhibits.
 
The following documents are filed with reference to and are hereby incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-88482), as amended, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by ACE Limited and certain of its subsidiaries:
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
Dated: June 10, 2004
 
 

Exhibit 1.1
 
EXECUTION COPY
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
June 2, 2004
 
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
 
ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), proposes to issue and sell up to $925,000,000 aggregate initial public offering price, or its equivalent based on the applicable exchange rate at the time of offering in such foreign or composite currencies as the Company shall designate at the time of offering, of its senior or subordinated debt securities (the "Debt Securities"), from time to time, in or pursuant to one or more offerings on terms to be determined at the time of sale. The Debt Securities will be unconditionally guaranteed as to payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest by ACE Limited, a Cayman Islands company (the "Guarantor").
 
The Debt Securities will be issued in one or more series as senior indebtedness (the "Senior Debt Securities") under an indenture, dated as of August 1, 1999 (the "Senior Indenture"), among the Company, the Guarantor and J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association (as successor to The First National Bank of Chicago), as trustee (the "Senior Trustee"), or as subordinated indebtedness (the "Subordinated Debt Securities") under an indenture (the "Subordinated Indenture", and collectively with the Senior Indenture, the "Indentures", and each, an "Indenture"), dated as of December 1, 1999 among the Company, the Guarantor and J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the "Subordinated Trustee", and collectively with the Senior Trustee, the "Trustees", and each, a "Trustee"). Each series of Debt Securities may vary, as applicable, as to title, aggregate principal amount, rank, interest rate or formula and timing of payments thereof, stated maturity date, redemption and/or repayment provisions, sinking fund requirements, conversion or exchange provisions and any other variable terms established by or pursuant to the applicable Indenture.
 
Whenever the Company determines to make an offering of Debt Securities, the Company and the Guarantor will enter into an agreement (each, a "Terms Agreement") providing for the sale of such Debt Securities to, and the purchase and offering thereof by, the underwriters specified in the Terms Agreement (the "Underwriters", which term shall include any Underwriter substituted pursuant to Section 10 hereof). The Terms Agreement relating to the offering of Debt Securities shall specify the aggregate principal amount of Debt Securities to be
 
issued (the "Underwritten Securities"), the name of each Underwriter participating in such offering (subject to substitution as provided in Section 10 hereof) and the name of any Underwriter acting as co-manager in connection with such offering, the aggregate principal amount of Underwritten Securities that each such Underwriter severally agrees to purchase, whether such offering is on a fixed or variable price basis and, if on a fixed price basis, the initial offering price, the price at which the Underwritten Securities are to be purchased by the Underwriters, the form, time, date and place of delivery and payment of the Underwritten Securities and any other material variable terms of the Underwritten Securities. The Terms Agreement, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, may take the form of an exchange of any standard form of written telecommunication between the Company and one or more of the Underwriters, acting for themselves and, if applicable, as representative(s) of any other Underwriters. Each offering of Underwritten Securities will be governed by this Underwriting Agreement, as supplemented by the applicable Terms Agreement. As used herein, the term "Representative(s)" means, with respect to any offering of Debt Securities, any Underwriter(s) specified as the representative(s) of the Underwriters of such offering in the applicable Terms Agreement and if none is so designated, it means the Underwriters.
 
The Company and the Guarantor have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") a joint registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-88482) and pre-effective amendments nos. 1 and 2 thereto, for the registration of the Debt Securities and the guarantee thereof of the Guarantor (the "Guarantee") under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "1933 Act"), and the offering thereof from time to time in accordance with Rule 415 of the rules and regulations of the Commission under the 1933 Act (the "1933 Act Regulations"). Such registration statement was declared effective by the Commission on February 4, 2003 and each Indenture has been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the "1939 Act"), and the Company and the Guarantor have filed such post-effective amendments to such registration statement as may be required prior to the execution of the applicable Terms Agreement and each such post-effective amendment has been declared effective by the Commission. Such registration statement (as so amended, if applicable), including the information, if any, deemed to be a part thereof pursuant to Rule 430A(b) of the 1933 Act Regulations (the "Rule 430A Information") or Rule 434(d) of the 1933 Act Regulations (the "Rule 434 Information"), is referred to herein as the "Registration Statement"; and the final prospectus and the final prospectus supplement relating to the offering of the Underwritten Securities, in the form first furnished to the Underwriters by the Company and the Guarantor for use in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities, are collectively referred to herein as the "Prospectus"; provided, however, that all references to the "Registration Statement" and the "Prospectus" shall also be deemed to include all documents incorporated therein by reference pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "1934 Act"), prior to the execution of the applicable Terms Agreement; provided, further, that if the Company and the Guarantor file a registration statement with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462(b) of the 1933 Act Regulations (the "Rule 462(b) Registration Statement"), then, after such filing, all references to "Registration Statement" shall also be deemed to include the Rule 462 Registration Statement; and provided, further, that if the Company and the Guarantor elect to rely upon Rule 434 of the 1933 Act Regulations, then all references to "Prospectus" shall also be deemed to include the final or preliminary prospectus and the applicable term sheet or abbreviated term sheet (the "Term Sheet"), as the case may be, in the form first furnished to the Underwriters by the Company and the Guarantor in reliance upon Rule 434 of the 1933 Act
 
Regulations, and all references in this Underwriting Agreement to the date of the Prospectus shall mean the date of the Term Sheet. A "preliminary prospectus" shall be deemed to refer to any prospectus used before the Registration Statement became effective and any prospectus that omitted, as applicable, the Rule 430A Information, the Rule 434 Information or other information to be included upon pricing in a form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the 1933 Act Regulations and was used after such effectiveness and prior to the execution and delivery of the applicable Terms Agreement. For purposes of this Underwriting Agreement, all references to the Registration Statement, Prospectus, Term Sheet or preliminary prospectus or to any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing shall be deemed to include any copy filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system ("EDGAR").
 
All references in this Underwriting Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information which is "contained," "included" or "stated" (or other references of like import) in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and schedules and other information which is incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus, as the case may be, prior to the execution of the applicable Terms Agreement; and all references in this Underwriting Agreement to amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus shall be deemed to mean and include the filing of any document under the 1934 Act which is incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus, as the case may be, after the execution of the applicable Terms Agreement.
 
SECTION 1. .
Representations and Warranties
 
(a) The Company and the Guarantor represent and warrant to each Underwriter named in the applicable Terms Agreement, as of the date thereof and as of the Closing Time (as defined below) (in each case, a "Representation Date"), as follows:
Representations and Warranties by the Company and the Guarantor.
 
(1) Compliance with Registration Requirements. The Company and the Guarantor meet the requirements for use of Form S-3 under the 1933 Act. The Registration Statement (including any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement) has become effective under the 1933 Act and no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement (or such Rule 462(b) Registration Statement) has been issued under the 1933 Act and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or the Guarantor, are contemplated by the Commission, and any request on the part of the Commission for additional information has been complied with. In addition, each Indenture has been duly qualified under the 1939 Act.
 
At the respective times the Registration Statement (including any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement) and any post-effective amendments thereto (including the filing of the Guarantor's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K with the Commission (the "Annual Report on Form 10-K")) became effective and at each Representation Date, the Registration Statement (including any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement) and any
 
amendments thereto complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and the 1939 Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission under the 1939 Act (the "1939 Act Regulations") and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. At the date of the Prospectus and at the Closing Time, neither the Prospectus nor any amendments and supplements thereto included or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the Company and the Guarantor elect to rely upon Rule 434 of the 1933 Act Regulations, the Company and the Guarantor will comply with the requirements of Rule 434. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the representations and warranties in this subsection shall not apply to statements in or omissions from the Registration Statement or the Prospectus made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company or the Guarantor in writing by any Underwriter through the Representative(s) expressly for use in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus.
 
Each preliminary prospectus and prospectus filed as part of the Registration Statement as originally filed or as part of any amendment thereto, or filed pursuant to Rule 424 under the 1933 Act, complied when so filed in all material respects with the 1933 Act Regulations and each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with the offering of Underwritten Securities will, at the time of such delivery, be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.
 
(2) . The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, at the time they were or hereafter are filed with the Commission, complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (the "1934 Act Regulations") and, when read together with the other information in the Prospectus, at the date of the Prospectus and at the Closing Time, did not and will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
Incorporated Documents
 
(3) . The accountants who certified or shall certify the financial statements and any supporting schedules thereto of the Guarantor included in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus are independent public accountants with respect to the Guarantor and its subsidiaries as required by the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations.
Independent Accountants
 
(4) . The financial statements of the Guarantor included in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, together with the related schedules and notes, as well as those financial statements, schedules and notes of any other entity included therein, present fairly the financial position of the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries, or such other entity, as the case may be, at the dates indicated
Financial Statements
 
and the statement of operations, stockholders' equity and cash flows of the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries, or such other entity, as the case may be, for the periods specified. Such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved, except as indicated therein or in the notes thereto. The supporting schedules, if any, included in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus present fairly in accordance with GAAP the information required to be stated therein. The selected financial data and the summary financial information, if any, included in the Prospectus present fairly the information shown therein and have been compiled on a basis consistent with that of the related audited financial statements included in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus.
 
(5) . Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, except as otherwise stated therein (i) neither the Guarantor nor any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) has sustained any material loss or material interference with its business from any action, notice, order or decree from an insurance regulatory authority and (ii) there has been (A) no material adverse change in case reserves or losses or loss expense of the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries (including the Company) and (B) no material adverse change, nor any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business, or results of operations of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries (including the Company) considered as one enterprise, in either case whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business (a "Material Adverse Change").
No Material Adverse Change in Business
 
(6) . The Company has been duly incorporated and is subsisting and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under, or as contemplated under, this Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement. The Company is duly qualified to transact business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Good Standing of the Company
 
(7) . The Guarantor has been duly incorporated and is subsisting and in good standing under the laws of the Cayman Islands, with corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under, or as contemplated under, this Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement. The Guarantor is duly qualified to transact business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Good Standing of the Guarantor
 
(8) . Each subsidiary of the Guarantor, other than such subsidiaries as would not, individually or in the aggregate, constitute a "significant subsidiary" as such term is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated under the 1933 Act (each, a "Significant Subsidiary") (including the Company) that is a corporation has been duly incorporated or organized and is an existing corporation in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, with corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Prospectus; and each such Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor is duly qualified to transact business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of each such Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor has been duly authorized and validly issued and is fully paid and nonassessable; and all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of each such Significant Subsidiary is owned by the Guarantor, directly or through subsidiaries, except for de minimis shareholdings as required to comply with applicable law, and such capital stock is owned free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance, claim or equity (except for restrictions on transferability of the shares of insurance subsidiaries, under applicable law).
Good Standing of Corporate Subsidiaries
 
(9) . Each Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor that is a partnership has been duly formed and is an existing partnership in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation, with power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Prospectus; and each such Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; all of the outstanding equity interests of each such Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor have been duly authorized and validly issued; and all of the equity interests of each such Significant Subsidiary are owned by the Guarantor, directly or through subsidiaries, free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance, claim or equity (other than immaterial amounts necessary to comply with applicable law).
Good Standing of Partnership Subsidiaries
 
(10) . If the Prospectus contains a "Capitalization" section, the authorized, issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Guarantor are as set forth in the column entitled "Actual" under such section (except for subsequent issuances thereof, if any, pursuant to reservations, agreements or employee benefit plans or pursuant to the exercise of convertible securities or options). Such shares of capital stock have been duly authorized and validly issued by the Guarantor and are fully paid and non-assessable, and none of such shares of capital stock was issued in violation of preemptive or other similar rights of any securityholder of the Guarantor.
Capitalization
 
(11) . This Underwriting Agreement has been, and the applicable Terms Agreement as of the date thereof will have been, duly authorized, executed and delivered by each of the Company and the Guarantor.
Authorization of this Underwriting Agreement and Terms Agreement
 
(12) . The Underwritten Securities have been, or as of the date of the applicable Terms Agreement will have been, duly authorized by the Company for issuance and sale pursuant to this Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement. Such Underwritten Securities, when issued and authenticated in the manner provided for in the applicable Indenture and delivered against payment of the consideration therefor specified in such Terms Agreement, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), and except further as enforcement thereof may be limited by requirements that a claim with respect to any Underwritten Securities payable in a foreign or composite currency (or a foreign or composite currency judgment in respect of such claim) be converted into U.S. dollars at a rate of exchange prevailing on a date determined pursuant to applicable law or by governmental authority to limit, delay or prohibit the making of payments outside the United States. Such Underwritten Securities will be in the form contemplated by, and each registered holder thereof will be entitled to the benefits of, the applicable Indenture.
Authorization of Underwritten Securities
 
(13) . The Guarantee has been, or as of the date of such Terms Agreement will have been, duly authorized by the Guarantor for issuance pursuant to this Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement. Such Guarantee, when issued and delivered in the manner provided for in the applicable Indenture, will constitute a valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor, enforceable against the Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), and will be in the form contemplated by, and entitled to the benefits of, the Indenture.
Authorization of Guarantee
 
(14) . The applicable Indenture has been, or prior to the issuance of the Debt Securities thereunder will have been, duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and the Guarantor and, upon such authorization, execution and delivery, will constitute a valid and binding agreement of the Company and the Guarantor, enforceable against each of them in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).
Authorization of the Indentures
 
(15) . The Underwritten Securities being sold pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement, the Guarantee and each applicable Indenture, as of each Representation Date, will conform in all material respects to the statements relating thereto contained in the Prospectus and will be in substantially the form filed or incorporated by reference, as the case may be, as an exhibit to the Registration Statement.
Descriptions of the Underwritten Securities, the Guarantee and the Indentures
 
(16) . Except as disclosed in the Prospectus, under current laws and regulations of the Cayman Islands and Bermuda and any political subdivision thereof, all interest payable on the Underwritten Securities may be paid by the Guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee to the holders thereof in United States dollars and freely transferred out of the Cayman Islands or Bermuda and all such payments made to holders thereof or therein who are non-residents of the Cayman Islands or Bermuda will not be subject to income, withholding or other taxes under laws and regulations of the Cayman Islands or Bermuda or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein and will otherwise be free and clear of any other tax, duty, withholding or deduction in the Cayman Islands or Bermuda or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein and without the necessity of obtaining any governmental authorization in the Cayman Islands or Bermuda or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein.
Non-Taxation of Interest
 
(17) . The description of the Guarantor's reserves and reserving methodology and assumptions described in the Prospectus is accurate and fairly presents the information set forth therein in all material respects and, since the date of the latest financial statements included in the Prospectus, no loss experience has developed which would require or make it appropriate for the Guarantor to alter or modify such methodology.
Reserves
 
(18) . Neither the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is in violation of its charter or by-laws, partnership agreement or other constitutive documents or in default in the performance or observance of any obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan or credit agreement, note, lease or other agreement or instrument to which the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to which any of the assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is subject (collectively, "Agreements and Instruments"), except for such defaults that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. The execution, delivery and performance of this Underwriting Agreement, the applicable Terms Agreement and each applicable Indenture and any other agreement or instrument entered into or issued or to be entered into or issued by the Company or the Guarantor in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus (including, without limitation, the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities, the issuance of the Guarantee, and the use of the proceeds from the sale of the Underwritten Securities, together with the Guarantee, as described under the caption "Use of Proceeds") and
Absence of Defaults and Conflicts
 
compliance by the Company and the Guarantor, as applicable, with their respective obligations hereunder and thereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and do not and will not, whether with or without the giving of notice or passage of time or both, conflict with or constitute a breach of, or default or Repayment Event (as defined below) under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) pursuant to, any Agreements and Instruments (except for such conflicts, breaches, defaults or Repayment Events or liens, charges or encumbrances that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change), nor will such action result in any violation of the provisions of the charter, by-laws, partnership agreement or other constitutive document of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) or, to the best of the Company's and the Guarantor's knowledge, any applicable law, statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ or decree of any government, government instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) or over any of the assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company), except for such violations under applicable law, statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ or decree as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. As used herein, a "Repayment Event" means any event or condition that gives the holder of any note, debenture or other evidence of indebtedness (or any person acting on such holder's behalf) the right to require the repurchase, redemption or repayment of all or a portion of such indebtedness by the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company).
 
(19) . There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or brought by any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign, now pending, or to the knowledge of the Company or the Guarantor threatened or contemplated, against or affecting the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) that is required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus (other than as stated therein), or that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, or that would reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the ability of the Company or the Guarantor to perform its obligations under this Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement.
Absence of Proceedings
 
(20) . There are no contracts or documents that are required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the documents incorporated by reference therein or to be filed as exhibits thereto that have not been so described and filed as required.
Accuracy of Exhibits
 
(21) . No consent, approval, authorization, or order of, or filing with, any governmental agency or body or any court, domestic or foreign, is required for the due authorization, execution or delivery by the Company or the Guarantor of this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement or for the performance by the Company or the Guarantor of the transactions contemplated under the Prospectus, this Underwriting Agreement, such Terms Agreement or the applicable Indenture, as applicable, except such as have been obtained and made under the 1933 Act, such filing of the Prospectus as has been made with the Bermuda Registrar of Companies under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda and such as may be required under state securities laws.
Absence of Further Requirements
 
(22) . The Guarantor and its subsidiaries (including the Company) possess such permits, licenses, approvals, consents and other authorizations (collectively, "Governmental Licenses") issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory agencies or bodies necessary to conduct the business now operated by them, except where the failure to so possess any such Governmental Licenses would not, singly or in aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. The Guarantor and its subsidiaries (including the Company) are in compliance with the terms and conditions of all such Governmental Licenses, except where the failure so to comply would not, singly or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. All of the Governmental Licenses are valid and in full force and effect, except where the invalidity of such Governmental Licenses or the failure of such Governmental Licenses to be in full force and effect would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. Neither the Guarantor nor any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such Governmental Licenses that, singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Possession of Licenses and Permits
 
(23) . Each of the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries (including insurance holding companies) is duly registered, licensed or admitted as an insurer or an insurance holding company (as applicable) in each jurisdiction where it is required to be so licensed or admitted to conduct its business as presently conducted, except where the failure to be so registered, licensed or admitted would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; each of the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries has all other necessary authorizations, approvals, orders, certificates and permits, of and from, and has made all declarations and filings with, all insurance authorities, commissions or other insurance regulatory bodies to conduct their respective businesses as described in the Prospectus, except for where the failure to have such authorizations, approvals, orders, certificates and permits, or to make such declarations and filings, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; all of such authorizations, approvals, orders, certificates and permits are in full force and effect, except where the failure to be in full force and effect would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and neither the Guarantor nor its insurance subsidiaries has received any notification from any insurance authority, commission or other insurance regulatory body to the effect that any additional authorization, approval, order, license, certificate or permit from such authority, commission or body is needed to be obtained by any of the Guarantor or its insurance subsidiaries, except for any authorization, approval, order, license, certificate or permit from any such authority, commission or body the failure of which to obtain, singly or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Insurance Laws
 
Each of the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries is in compliance with all applicable insurance statutes and regulations and has filed all reports, documents or other information required to be filed under such statutes and regulations, except where the
 
failure to comply or file would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and each of the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries is in compliance with the insurance laws and regulations of other jurisdictions which are applicable to the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries (as the case may be), except where the failure to comply would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
 
(24) . Except as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, no authorization, approval or consent of any governmental authority or agency is required (other than any license as an insurer or insurance holding company and other than those that have already been obtained) under the laws of any jurisdiction in which the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) conduct their respective businesses in connection with the ownership, directly or indirectly, by the Guarantor of equity interests in any subsidiary (including the Company) or the repatriation of any amount from or to the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company), except to the extent that the failure to obtain such authorization, approval or consent would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Governmental Authorization
 
(25) . The Underwritten Securities, upon issuance, will be excluded or exempted under, or beyond the purview of, the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the "Commodity Exchange Act"), and the rules and regulations of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the Commodity Exchange Act (the "Commodity Exchange Act Regulations").
Commodity Exchange Act
 
(26) . The Company and the Guarantor are not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities as herein contemplated and the application of the net proceeds therefrom as described in the Prospectus they will not be, an "investment company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act").
Investment Company Act
 
(b) Any certificate signed by any officer of the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries and delivered to the Representative(s) or to counsel for the Underwriters in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company, the Guarantor or such subsidiary, as the case may be, to each Underwriter as to the matters covered thereby on the date of such certificate and, unless subsequently amended or supplemented, at each Representation Date subsequent thereto.
Officers' Certificates.
 
SECTION 2. .
Sale and Delivery to Underwriters; Closing
 
(a) The several commitments of the Underwriters to purchase the Underwritten Securities pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement shall be deemed to have been made on the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained and shall be subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth.
Underwritten Securities.
 
(b) Payment of the purchase price for, and delivery of, the Underwritten Securities shall be made at the offices of Sidley Austin Brown & Wood LLP, 787 Seventh
Payment.
 
Avenue, New York, New York, or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Representative(s) and the Company, at 9:00 A.M. (Eastern time) on the third (fourth, if the pricing occurs after 4:30 P.M. (Eastern time) on any given day) business day after the date of the applicable Terms Agreement (unless postponed in accordance with the provisions of Section 10 hereof), or such other time not later than ten business days after such date as shall be agreed upon by the Representative(s) and the Company (such time and date of payment and delivery being herein called "Closing Time").
 
Payment shall be made to the Company by wire transfer of immediately available funds to a bank account designated by the Company, against delivery to the Representative(s) for the respective accounts of the Underwriters of the Underwritten Securities to be purchased by them. It is understood that each Underwriter has authorized the Representative(s), for its account, to accept delivery of, receipt for, and make payment of the purchase price for, the Underwritten Securities which it has severally agreed to purchase. Any Representative, individually and not as representative of the Underwriters, may (but shall not be obligated to) make payment of the purchase price for the Underwritten Securities to be purchased by any Underwriter whose funds have not been received by the Closing Time, but such payment shall not relieve such Underwriter from its obligations hereunder.
 
(c) If the Underwritten Securities are issued other than in book-entry form, certificates for the Underwritten Securities shall be in such denominations and registered in such names as the Representative(s) may request in writing at least one full business day prior to the Closing Time. If the Underwritten Securities are issued other than in book-entry form, certificates for the Underwritten Securities will be made available for examination and packaging by the Representative(s) in The City of New York not later than 10:00 A.M. (Eastern time) on the business day prior to the Closing Time.
Denominations; Registration.
 
SECTION 3. . The Company and the Guarantor covenant with the Representative(s) and with each Underwriter participating in the offering of Underwritten Securities, as follows:
Covenants of the Company and the Guarantor
 
(a) The Company and the Guarantor, subject to Section 3(b), will comply with the requirements of Rule 430A of the 1933 Act Regulations and/or Rule 434 of the 1933 Act Regulations, if and as applicable, and they will notify the Representative(s) immediately, and confirm the notice in writing, of (i) the effectiveness of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or the filing of any supplement or amendment to the Prospectus, (ii) the receipt of any comments from the Commission, (iii) any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus or for additional information, and (iv) the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any preliminary prospectus, or of the suspension of the qualification of the Underwritten Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of any proceedings for any of such purposes. The Company and the Guarantor will promptly effect the filings necessary pursuant to Rule 424 and will take such steps as they deem necessary to ascertain promptly whether the Prospectus transmitted for filing under Rule 424 was received for filing by the Commission and, in the event that it was not, they will promptly file the Prospectus. The Company and the Guarantor will make every reasonable effort to prevent the issuance of any stop order and, if any stop order is issued, to obtain the lifting thereof at the earliest possible moment.
Compliance with Securities Regulations and Commission Requests.
 
(b) . The Company and the Guarantor will give the Representative(s) notice of their intention to file or prepare any amendment to the Registration Statement (including any filing under Rule 462(b) of the 1933 Act Regulations), any Term Sheet or any amendment, supplement or revision to either the prospectus included in the Registration Statement at the time it became effective or to the Prospectus, whether pursuant to the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or otherwise, will furnish the Representative(s) with copies of any such documents a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing or use, as the case may be, and will give the Representative(s) a reasonable opportunity to comment on any such document prior to such proposed filing or use, as the case may be.
Filing of Amendments
 
(c) The Company and the Guarantor have furnished or will deliver to the Representative(s) and counsel for the Underwriters, without charge, signed copies of the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each amendment thereto (including exhibits filed therewith or incorporated by reference therein and documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein) and signed copies of all consents and certificates of experts, and will also deliver to the Representative(s), without charge, a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each amendment thereto (without exhibits) for each of the Underwriters. The Registration Statement and each amendment thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.
Delivery of Registration Statements.
 
(d) The Company and the Guarantor will deliver to each Underwriter, without charge, as many copies of each preliminary prospectus as such Underwriter may reasonably request, and the Company and the Guarantor hereby consent to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the 1933 Act. The Company and the Guarantor will furnish to each Underwriter, without charge, during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act, such number of copies of the Prospectus as such Underwriter may reasonably request. The Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.
Delivery of Prospectuses.
 
(e) The Company and the Guarantor will comply with the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and the 1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Underwritten Securities as contemplated in this Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement and in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. If at any time when the Prospectus is required by the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act to be delivered in connection with sales of the Underwritten Securities, any event shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters or for the Company and the Guarantor, to amend the Registration Statement in order that the Registration Statement will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or to amend or supplement the Prospectus in order that the
Continued Compliance with Securities Laws.
 
Prospectus will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading in the light of the circumstances existing at the time it is delivered to a purchaser, or if it shall be necessary, in the opinion of such counsel, at any such time to amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement the Prospectus in order to comply with the requirements of the 1933 Act or the 1933 Act Regulations, the Company and the Guarantor will promptly prepare and file with the Commission, at its own expense, subject to Section 3(b), such amendment or supplement as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or to make the Registration Statement or the Prospectus comply with such requirements, and the Company and the Guarantor will furnish to the Underwriters, without charge, such number of copies of such amendment or supplement as the Underwriters may reasonably request. Neither the Representatives' consent to, nor any Underwriters' delivery of, any such amendment or supplement shall constitute a waiver of any of the conditions set forth in Section 5.
 
(f) The Company and the Guarantor will use their best efforts, in cooperation with the Underwriters, to qualify the Underwritten Securities for offering and sale under the applicable securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions (domestic or foreign) as the Representative(s) may designate and to maintain such qualifications in effect for a period of not less than one year from the date of the applicable Terms Agreement; provided, however, that the Company and the Guarantor shall not be obligated to file any general consent to service of process or to qualify as a foreign corporation or as a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which they are not so qualified or to subject themselves to taxation in respect of doing business in any jurisdiction in which they are not otherwise so subject. In each jurisdiction in which the Underwritten Securities have been so qualified, the Company and the Guarantor will file such statements and reports as may be required by the laws of such jurisdiction to continue such qualification in effect for a period of not less than one year from the date of such Terms Agreement.
Blue Sky Qualifications.
 
(g) . The Guarantor and, to the extent separately required pursuant to Rule 158 under the 1933 Act, the Company will timely file such reports pursuant to the 1934 Act as are necessary in order to make generally available to its securityholders as soon as practicable an earnings statement for the purposes of, and to provide the benefits contemplated by, the last paragraph of Section 11(a) of the 1933 Act.
Earnings Statement
 
(h) The Company will use the net proceeds received by it from the sale of the Underwritten Securities in the manner specified in the Prospectus under "Use of Proceeds".
Use of Proceeds.
 
(i) The Company and the Guarantor will use their best efforts to effect the listing of the Underwritten Securities, prior to the Closing Time, on any national securities exchange or quotation system if and as specified in the applicable Terms Agreement.
Listing.
 
(j) Between the date of the applicable Terms Agreement and the Closing Time or such other date specified in such Terms Agreement, neither the Company nor the Guarantor will, without the prior written consent of the Representative(s), directly or indirectly, issue, sell, offer or contract to sell, grant any option for the sale of, or otherwise dispose of, the debt securities specified in such Terms Agreement.
Restriction on Sale of Debt Securities.
 
(k) The Guarantor, during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act, will file all documents required to be filed with the Commission pursuant to the 1934 Act within the time periods required by the 1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations.
Reporting Requirements.
 
(l) The Company and the Guarantor will jointly and severally indemnify and hold harmless the Underwriters against any documentary, stamp or similar issue tax, including any interest and penalties, on the creation, issue and sale of the Underwritten Securities and on the execution and delivery of this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement. All payments to be made by the Company or the Guarantor hereunder shall be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties or governmental charges whatsoever unless the Company or the Guarantor is compelled by law to deduct or withhold such taxes, duties or charges. In that event, the Company or the Guarantor shall pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received after such withholding or deduction shall equal the amounts that would have been received if no withholding or deduction had been made.
Documentary, Stamp or Similar Issue Taxes.
 
SECTION 4. .
Payment of Expenses
 
(a) The Company and the Guarantor will pay all expenses incidental to the performance of their obligations under this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement, including (i) the preparation, printing and filing of the Registration Statement (including financial statements and exhibits) as originally filed and of each amendment thereto, (ii) the preparation, printing and delivery to the Underwriters of this Underwriting Agreement, any Terms Agreement, any Agreement among Underwriters, the Indentures, and such other documents as may be required in connection with the offering, purchase, sale, issuance or delivery of the Underwritten Securities, (iii) the preparation, issuance and delivery of the Underwritten Securities and any certificates for the Underwritten Securities, to the Underwriters, including any transfer taxes and any stamp or other duties payable upon the sale, issuance or delivery of the Underwritten Securities to the Underwriters, (iv) the fees and disbursements of the Company's and the Guarantor's counsel, accountants and other advisors or agents (including transfer agents and registrars), as well as the fees and disbursements of the Trustees, and their respective counsel, (v) the qualification of the Underwritten Securities under state securities laws in accordance with the provisions of Section 3(f) hereof, including filing fees and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters in connection therewith and in connection with the preparation, printing and delivery of the Blue Sky Survey, and any amendment thereto, (vi) the printing and delivery to the Underwriters of copies of each preliminary prospectus, any Term Sheet, and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, (vii) the fees charged by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations for the rating of the Underwritten Securities, if applicable, (viii) the fees and expenses incurred with respect to the listing of the Underwritten Securities, if applicable, and (ix) the filing fees incident to, and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Underwriters in connection with, the review, if any, by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. (the "NASD") of the terms of the sale of the Underwritten Securities.
Expenses.
 
(b) If the applicable Terms Agreement is terminated by the Representative(s) in accordance with the provisions of Section 5 or Section 9(a)(i) or 9(a)(ii)
Termination of Agreement.
 
hereof, the Company and the Guarantor shall reimburse the Underwriters for all of their out-of-pocket expenses, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters.
 
SECTION 5. . The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Underwritten Securities pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement are subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company and the Guarantor contained in Section 1(a) hereof or in certificates of any officer of the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries delivered pursuant to the provisions hereof, to the performance by the Company and the Guarantor of their covenants and other obligations hereunder, and to the following further conditions:
Conditions of Underwriters' Obligations
 
(a) The Registration Statement, including any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, has become effective under the 1933 Act and no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued under the 1933 Act and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or be pending or threatened by the Commission, and any request on the part of the Commission for additional information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of counsel to the Underwriters. A prospectus containing information relating to the description of the Underwritten Securities and the Guarantee, the specific method of distribution and similar matters shall have been filed with the Commission in accordance with Rule 424(b)(1), (2), (3), (4) or (5), as applicable (or any required post-effective amendment providing such information shall have been filed and declared effective in accordance with the requirements of Rule 430A), or, if the Company and the Guarantor have elected to rely upon Rule 434 of the 1933 Act Regulations, a Term Sheet including the Rule 434 Information shall have been filed with the Commission in accordance with Rule 424(b)(7).
Effectiveness of Registration Statement.
 
(b) . At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received the favorable opinions, each dated as of Closing Time, of Maples and Calder, Cayman Islands counsel for the Guarantor, Conyers Dill & Pearman, Bermuda Counsel for the Guarantor, Peter N. Mear, Esq., General Counsel of the Guarantor, and Mayer, Brown, Rowe & Maw LLP, United States counsel for the Company and the Guarantor, in form and substance satisfactory to counsel for the Underwriters, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letters for each of the other Underwriters, to the effect set forth in: Exhibit B hereto with respect to the opinion of Maples and Calder; Exhibit C hereto with respect to the opinion of Conyers Dill & Pearman; Exhibit D hereto with respect to the opinion of Peter N. Mear, Esq. and Exhibit E hereto with respect to the opinion of Mayer, Brown, Rowe & Maw LLP, and, as to each opinion, to such further effect as the Underwriters may reasonably request.
Opinions of Counsel for Company and Guarantor
 
(c) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received the favorable opinion, dated as of Closing Time, of Sidley Austin Brown & Wood LLP, counsel for the Underwriters, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriters, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letter for each of the other Underwriters. In giving such opinion, such counsel may rely, as to all matters governed by the laws of jurisdictions other than the law of the State of New York, the federal law of the United States and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, upon the opinions of counsel satisfactory to the Representative(s). Such counsel may also state that, insofar as such opinion
Opinion of Counsel for Underwriters.
 
involves factual matters, they have relied, to the extent they deem proper, upon certificates of officers of the Company, the Guarantor and their respective subsidiaries and certificates of public officials.
 
(d) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received a certificate of the President or a Vice President of the Company and of the chief financial officer or chief accounting officer of the Company, dated as of Closing Time, to the effect that (i) there has not been, since the date of the applicable Terms Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Prospectus, any material adverse change, or any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (ii) the representations and warranties of the Company in Section 1(a) are true and correct with the same force and effect as though expressly made at and as of the Closing Time, (iii) the Company has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to the Closing Time, and (iv) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted, are pending or, to the best of such officer's knowledge, are threatened by the Commission.
Company Officers' Certificate.
 
(e) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received a certificate of either the Chairman, the President and Chief Executive Officer or the General Counsel and Secretary of the Guarantor and of either the chief financial officer, chief accounting officer or chief investment officer of the Guarantor, dated as of Closing Time, to the effect that, to the best of their knowledge and after reasonable investigation, (i) there has not been, since the date of the applicable Terms Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Prospectus, any material adverse change, or any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business or results of operations of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (ii) the representations and warranties of the Guarantor in Section 1(a) are true and correct with the same force and effect as though expressly made at and as of the Closing Time, (iii) the Guarantor has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to the Closing Time, and (iv) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted, are pending or are threatened by the Commission.
Guarantor Officers' Certificate.
 
(f) At the time of the execution of the applicable Terms Agreement, the Representative(s) shall have received from Pricewaterhouse Coopers LLP letters, each dated such date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative(s), together with signed or reproduced copies of such letters for each of the other Underwriters, containing statements and information of the type ordinarily included in accountants' "comfort letters" to underwriters with respect to the financial statements and certain financial information contained in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus.
Accountant's Comfort Letters.
 
(g) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received from Pricewaterhouse Coopers LLP letters, each dated as of Closing Time, to the effect that they reaffirm the statements made in the letters furnished pursuant to subsection (f) of this Section 5, except that the specified date referred to shall be a date not more than three business days prior to the Closing Time.
Bring-down Comfort Letters.
 
(h) At Closing Time, the Underwritten Securities shall have the ratings accorded by any "nationally recognized statistical rating organization", as defined by the Commission for purposes of Rule 436(g)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations ("Rating Organization"), if and as specified in the applicable Terms Agreement, and the Company and the Guarantor shall have delivered to the Representative(s) a letter, dated as of such date, from each such rating organization, or other evidence satisfactory to the Representative(s), confirming that the Underwritten Securities have such ratings. Since the time of execution of such Terms Agreement, there shall not have occurred a downgrading in, or withdrawal of, the rating assigned to the Underwritten Securities or any of the Guarantor's other securities or the Guarantor's financial strength or claims paying ability by any such Rating Organization, and no such Rating Organization shall have publicly announced that it has under surveillance or review with negative implications its rating of the Underwritten Securities or any of the Guarantor's other securities or the Guarantor's financial strength or claims paying ability.
Ratings.
 
(i) At Closing Time, the Underwritten Securities shall have been approved for listing, subject only to official notice of issuance, on the securities exchanges, if any, specified in the applicable Terms Agreement.
Approval of Listing.
 
(j) At Closing Time, counsel for the Underwriters shall have been furnished with such documents and opinions as they may require for the purpose of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities as herein contemplated, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the conditions, herein contained; and all proceedings taken by the Company and the Guarantor in connection with the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities and the Guarantee as herein contemplated shall be satisfactory in form and substance to the Representative(s) and counsel for the Underwriters.
Additional Documents.
 
(k) If any condition specified in this Section 5 shall not have been fulfilled when and as required to be fulfilled, the applicable Terms Agreement may be terminated by the Representative(s) by notice to the Company and the Guarantor at any time at or prior to the Closing Time, and such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except as provided in Section 4 and except that Sections 1, 6, 7 and 8 shall survive any such termination and remain in full force and effect.
Termination of Terms Agreement.
 
SECTION 6. .
Indemnification
 
(a) The Company and the Guarantor agree to jointly and severally indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter and each person, if any, who controls any Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act as follows:
Indemnification of Underwriters.
 
(1) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the
 
Rule 430A Information and the Rule 434 Information deemed to be a part thereof, if applicable, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact included in any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;
 
(2) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, to the extent of the aggregate amount paid in settlement of any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission; provided that (subject to Section 6(d) below) any such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company and the Guarantor; and
 
(3) against any and all expense whatsoever, as incurred (including the fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by the Representative(s)), reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission, to the extent that any such expense is not paid under (1) or (2) above;
 
, , that this indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense to the extent arising out of any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company or the Guarantor by any Underwriter through the Representative(s) expressly for use in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430A Information and the Rule 434 Information deemed to be a part thereof, if applicable, or any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto).
provided
however
 
(b) Each Underwriter severally and not jointly agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, the Guarantor, their respective directors, each of their respective officers who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company or the Guarantor within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the indemnity contained in subsection (a) of this Section, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions, made in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430A Information and the Rule 434 Information deemed to be a part thereof, if applicable, or any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company or the Guarantor by such Underwriter through the Representative(s) expressly for use in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto) or such preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto).
Indemnification of Company, Guarantor, Directors and Officers.
 
(c) Each indemnified party shall give notice as promptly as reasonably practicable to each indemnifying party of any action commenced against it in respect of which indemnity may be sought hereunder, but failure to so notify an indemnifying party shall not relieve such indemnifying party from any liability hereunder to the extent it is not materially prejudiced as a result thereof and in any event shall not relieve it from any liability which it may have otherwise than on account of this indemnity agreement. In the case of parties indemnified pursuant to Section 6(a) above, counsel to the indemnified parties shall be selected by the Representative(s), and, in the case of parties indemnified pursuant to Section 6(b) above, counsel to the indemnified parties shall be selected by the Guarantor. An indemnifying party may participate at its own expense in the defense of any such action; provided, however, that counsel to the indemnifying party shall not (except with the consent of the indemnified party) also be counsel to the indemnified party. In no event shall the indemnifying parties be liable for fees and expenses of more than one counsel (in addition to any local counsel) separate from their own counsel for all indemnified parties in connection with any one action or separate but similar or related actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified parties, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever in respect of which indemnification or contribution could be sought under this Section 6 or Section 7 hereof (whether or not the indemnified parties are actual or potential parties thereto), unless such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes an unconditional release of each indemnified party from all liability arising out of such litigation, investigation, proceeding or claim and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party.
Actions against Parties; Notification.
 
(d) If at any time an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel, such indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of the nature contemplated by Section 6(a)(2) effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 45 days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request, (ii) such indemnifying party shall have received notice of the terms of such settlement at least 30 days prior to such settlement being entered into and (iii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed such indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement.
Settlement without Consent if Failure to Reimburse.
 
SECTION 7. . If the indemnification provided for in Section 6 hereof is for any reason unavailable to or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the aggregate amount of such losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses incurred by such indemnified party, as incurred, (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, from the offering of the Underwritten Securities pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations.
Contribution
 
The relative benefits received by the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the total net proceeds from the offering of such Underwritten Securities (before deducting expenses) received by the Company and the total underwriting discount received by the Underwriters, in each case as set forth on the cover of the Prospectus, or, if Rule 434 is used, the corresponding location on the Term Sheet bear to the aggregate initial public offering price of such Underwritten Securities as set forth on such cover.
 
The relative fault of the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any such untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or the Guarantor or by the Underwriters and the parties' relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission.
 
The Company, the Guarantor and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 7 were determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to above in this Section 7. The aggregate amount of losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses incurred by an indemnified party and referred to above in this Section 7 shall be deemed to include any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.
 
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 7, no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total price at which the Underwritten Securities underwritten by it and distributed to the public were offered to the public exceeds the amount of any damages which such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason of any such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.
 
No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.
 
For purposes of this Section 7, each person, if any, who controls an Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act shall have the same rights to contribution as such Underwriter, and each director of the Company and the Guarantor, each officer of the Company and the Guarantor who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company or the Guarantor within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company and the Guarantor. The Underwriters' respective obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 7 are several in proportion to the aggregate principal amount of Initial Underwritten Securities set forth opposite their respective names in the applicable Terms Agreement, and not joint.
 
SECTION 8. . All representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement or in certificates of officers of the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries submitted pursuant hereto or thereto shall remain operative and in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or controlling person, or by or on behalf of the Company or the Guarantor, and shall survive delivery of and payment for the Underwritten Securities.
Representations, Warranties and Agreements to Survive Delivery
 
SECTION 9. .
Termination
 
(a) The Representative(s) may terminate this Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement, by notice to the Company and the Guarantor, at any time at or prior to the Closing Time, if (i) there has been, since the time of execution of such Terms Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Prospectus, any material adverse change, or any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (ii) there has been, since the time of execution of such Terms Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Prospectus, any material adverse change, or any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business or results of operations of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (iii) there has occurred any material adverse change in the financial markets in the United States or any outbreak of hostilities or escalation thereof or other calamity or crisis or any change or development involving a prospective change in national or international political, financial or economic conditions, in each case referred to in this clause (iii), the effect of which is such as to make it, in the judgment of the Representative(s), impracticable or inadvisable to market the Underwritten Securities or to enforce contracts for the sale of the Underwritten Securities, (iv) any downgrading in the rating of any debt securities of the Guarantor or the Company or the insurance claims paying ability rating or other insurance rating of the Guarantor or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, in each case by any "nationally recognized statistical rating organization" (as defined for purposes of Rule 436 (g) under the 1933 Act), or any public announcement that any such organization has under surveillance or review its rating of any debt securities of the Guarantor or the Company (other than an announcement with positive implications of a possible upgrading, and no implication of a possible downgrading, of such rating) or of the insurance claims paying ability or other insurance rating of the Guarantor or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, (v) trading in any securities of the Company or the Guarantor has been suspended or materially limited by the Commission or the New York Stock Exchange, or if trading generally on the New York Stock Exchange or the American Stock Exchange or in the Nasdaq National Market has been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices have been required, by either of said exchanges or by such system or by order of the Commission, the NASD or any other governmental authority or a material disruption has occurred in commercial banking or securities settlement or clearance services in the United States or (vi) a banking moratorium has been
Terms Agreement.
 
declared by either U.S. Federal, New York or Bermuda authorities or, if the Underwritten Securities are denominated or payable in, or indexed to, one or more foreign or composite currencies, by the relevant authorities in the related foreign country or countries.
 
(b) If this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section 9, such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except as provided in Section 4 hereof, and provided further that Sections 1, 6, 7 and 8 shall survive such termination and remain in full force and effect.
Liabilities.
 
SECTION 10. . If one or more of the Underwriters shall fail at the Closing Time to purchase the Underwritten Securities which it or they are obligated to purchase under the applicable Terms Agreement (the "Defaulted Securities"), then the Representative(s) shall have the right, within 24 hours thereafter, to make arrangements for one or more of the non-defaulting Underwriters, or any other underwriters, to purchase all, but not less than all, of the Defaulted Securities in such amounts as may be agreed upon and upon the terms herein set forth; if, however, the Representative(s) shall not have completed such arrangements within such 24-hour period, then:
Default by One or More of the Underwriters
 
(a) if the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of Defaulted Securities does not exceed 10% of the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of Underwritten Securities to be purchased on such date pursuant to such Terms Agreement, the non-defaulting Underwriters shall be obligated, severally and not jointly, to purchase the full amount thereof in the proportions that their respective underwriting obligations under such Terms Agreement bear to the underwriting obligations of all non-defaulting Underwriters, or
 
(b) if the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of Defaulted Securities exceeds 10% of the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of Underwritten Securities to be purchased on such date pursuant to such Terms Agreement, such Terms Agreement shall terminate without liability on the part of any non-defaulting Underwriter.
 
No action taken pursuant to this Section 10 shall relieve any defaulting Underwriter from liability in respect of its default.
 
In the event of any such default which does not result in a termination of the applicable Terms Agreement, either the Representative(s) or the Company shall have the right to postpone the Closing Time for a period not exceeding seven days in order to effect any required changes in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or in any other documents or arrangements.
 
SECTION 11. . All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if mailed or transmitted by any standard form of telecommunication. Notices to the Underwriters shall be directed to the Representative(s) at the address specified in the applicable Terms Agreement; notices to the Company shall be directed to it at 1601 Chestnut Street, P.O. Box 41484, Philadelphia, PA 19101-1481, attention of General Counsel; and notices to the Guarantor shall be directed to it at ACE Global Headquarters, 17 Woodbourne Avenue, Hamilton HM 08 Bermuda, attention of General Counsel and Secretary.
Notices
 
SECTION 12. . This Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement shall each inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and the Guarantor and, upon execution of such Terms Agreement, any Underwriters named therein and their respective successors. Nothing expressed or mentioned in this Underwriting Agreement or such Terms Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give any person, firm or corporation, other than the Underwriters, the Company, the Guarantor and their respective successors and the controlling persons and officers and directors referred to in Sections 6 and 7 and their heirs and legal representatives, any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Underwriting Agreement or such Terms Agreement or any provision herein or therein contained. This Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement and all conditions and provisions hereof and thereof are intended to be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto and thereto and their respective successors, and said controlling persons and officers and directors and their heirs and legal representatives, and for the benefit of no other person, firm or corporation. No purchaser of Underwritten Securities from any Underwriter shall be deemed to be a successor by reason merely of such purchase.
Parties
 
SECTION 13. . Each of the parties hereto hereby expressly and irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any competent court in the place of its domicile and any United States Federal or New York State court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York in any action, suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby to the extent that such court has subject matter jurisdiction over the controversy, and expressly and irrevocably waives, to the extent permitted under applicable law, any immunity from the jurisdiction thereof and any claim or defense in such action, suit or proceeding based on a claim of improper venue, or any similar basis to which it might otherwise be entitled in any such action, suit or proceeding. Each of the Company and the Guarantor irrevocably appoints ACE USA, Inc., 1133 Avenue of the Americas, 32
Consent to Jurisdiction; Miscellaneous
forum
non
conveniens
nd
Floor, New York, New York 10036, as its authorized agent in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York upon which process may be served in any such action, suit or proceeding, and agrees that service of process upon such agent, and written notice of said service to the Company or the Guarantor by the person serving the same to the address provided in Section 11, shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon the Company or the Guarantor, as the case may be, in any such action, suit or proceeding. Each of the Company and the Guarantor further agrees to take any and all action as may be necessary to maintain such designation and appointment of such agent in full force and effect for a period of seven years from the date of this Underwriting Agreement.
 
SECTION 14. . To the extent that the Company or the Guarantor or any of their respective properties, assets or revenues may have or may hereafter become entitled to, or have attributed to them, any right of immunity, on the grounds of sovereignty, from any legal action, suit or proceeding, from set-off or counterclaim, from the jurisdiction of any court, from service of process, from attachment upon or prior to judgment, or from attachment in aid of execution of judgment, or from execution of judgment, other legal process or proceeding for the giving of any relief or for the enforcement of any judgment, in any
WAIVER OF IMMUNITIES
 
jurisdiction in which proceedings may at any time be commenced, with respect to their obligations, liabilities or any other matter under or arising out of or in connection with this Underwriting Agreement or any additional agreement, each of the Company and the Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally, to the extent permitted by applicable law, waives and agrees not to plead or claim any such immunity and consents to such relief and enforcement.
 
SECTION 15. . The Company and the Guarantor jointly and severally agree to indemnify each Underwriter against any loss incurred by such Underwriter as a result of any judgment or order being given or made for any amount due hereunder and such judgment or order being expressed and paid in a currency (the "Judgment Currency") other than United States dollars and as a result of any variation as between (i) the rate of exchange at which the United States dollar amount is converted into the Judgment Currency for the purpose of such judgment or order, and (ii) the rate of exchange at which such Underwriter is able to purchase United States dollars with the amount of the Judgment Currency actually received by such Underwriter. The foregoing indemnity shall constitute a separate and independent obligation of each of the Company and the Guarantor and shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any such judgment or order as aforesaid. The term "rate of exchange" shall include any premiums and costs of exchange payable in connection with the purchase of, or conversion into, the relevant currency.
JUDGMENT CURRENCY
 
SECTION 16. . THIS UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT AND ANY APPLICABLE TERMS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. SPECIFIED TIMES OF DAY REFER TO NEW YORK CITY TIME.
GOVERNING LAW AND TIME
 
 
SECTION 17. . The Article and Section headings herein and the Table of Contents are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.
Effect of Headings
 
 
Exhibit A
 
 
 
 
 
 
[-]
 
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
 
We understand that ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware company (the "Company"), proposes to issue and sell $              aggregate principal amount of its [senior] [subordinated] debt securities (the "Underwritten Securities"), which will be unconditionally guaranteed as to payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest by ACE Limited, a Cayman Islands company. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth or incorporated by reference herein, the underwriter[s] named below (the "Underwriters") offer[s] to purchase [, severally and not jointly,] the principal amount of Underwritten Securities opposite [its] [their] name[s] set forth below at the purchase price set forth below.
 
 
The Underwritten Securities shall have the following terms:
 
Title:
Rank:
Ratings:
Aggregate principal amount:
Denominations:
Currency of payment:
Interest rate or formula:
Interest payment dates:
Regular record dates:
Stated maturity date:
Redemption provisions:
Sinking fund requirements:
Conversion or exchange provisions:
Guarantee Provisions:
Listing requirements:
Black-out provisions:
Fixed or Variable Price Offering: [Fixed] [Variable] Price Offering
 
If Fixed Price Offering, initial public offering price:    % of the principal amount, plus accrued interest [amortized original issue discount], if any, from .
                    
 
Purchase price: % of principal amount, plus accrued interest [amortized original issue discount], if any, from .
    
                    
 
Form:
Other terms and conditions:
Closing date and location:
 
Notices: Notice to the Underwriters shall be directed to the Representative(s) c/o:
 
[
 
]
 
All of the provisions contained in the document attached as Annex I hereto entitled "ACE INA HOLDINGS INC.Senior and Subordinated Debt Securities  Unconditionally Guaranteed as to Payment of Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest by ACE LIMITED Underwriting
 
Agreement" are hereby incorporated by reference in their entirety herein and shall be deemed to be a part of this Terms Agreement to the same extent as if such provisions had been set forth in full herein. Terms defined in such document are used herein as therein defined.
 
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.
 
Please accept this offer no later than o'clock P.M. (New York City time) on by signing a copy of this Terms Agreement in the space set forth below and returning the signed copy to us.
        
                    
 
 
 
Exhibit B
 
 
(i) The Guarantor has been duly incorporated and is validly existing and in good standing as an exempted company, under the laws of the Cayman Islands, and has the corporate power and corporate authority to own, lease and operate its property, and to conduct its business, as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, and to enter into and perform its obligations under, or as contemplated under, the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement.
 
(ii) The authorized share capital of the Guarantor, as set out in its Memorandum and Articles of Association, conforms as to legal matters to the description thereof contained in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. All of the Guarantor's Ordinary Shares have been duly and validly authorized and issued by the Guarantor and are registered in the books of the Guarantor as fully paid. On the basis that the contractual subscription price of all such Ordinary Shares is fully paid in cash (or equivalent consideration approved by the Directors), such Ordinary Shares issued may properly be credited as fully paid under Cayman Islands law and, as the Guarantor has been established on the basis that the liability of its shareholders is limited to the amount, if any, unpaid on their Ordinary Shares (see Clause 5 of the Memorandum and Articles of Association), there is no rule of Cayman Islands law that would impose any further liability on persons holding Ordinary Shares in the Guarantor, merely by reason of such shareholding. So far as Cayman Islands law is concerned, the registered holders have good and valid title to their respective Ordinary Shares on the assumption that they have not entered into any liens, encumbrances, equities or claims which could give rise to any equitable interest on the part of any third party in respect of such Ordinary Shares. The holders of Ordinary Shares are not subject to any pre-emptive rights under the laws of the Cayman Islands or the Guarantor's Memorandum and Articles of Association.
 
(iii) The Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Guarantor.
 
(iv) The Guarantee has been duly authorized and delivered by the Guarantor for issuance and sale pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement.
 
(v) Each applicable Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Guarantor.
 
(vi) The execution and delivery by the Guarantor of, and the performance by the Guarantor of its obligations under, the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement and each applicable Indenture and any other agreement or instrument entered into or issued or to be entered into or issued by the Guarantor in connection with
 
the transactions contemplated by the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and the consummation by the Guarantor of the transactions contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement do not and will not (A) violate any provision of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Guarantor; (B) contravene any provision of any law, public rule or regulation of the Cayman Islands applicable to the Guarantor; (C) to the best of such counsel's knowledge, contravene any existing published order or decree of the courts of the Cayman Islands by which the Guarantor is bound or by which its properties or assets may be affected; or (D) require any consent, approval or authorization or order of, or qualification with, any Cayman Islands governmental agency in connection with the offer and sale of the Underwritten Securities and the Guarantee.
 
(vii) To the best of such counsel's knowledge, but based only upon a search of the cause list at the offices of the Grand Courts of the Cayman Islands, there was no action, suit or proceeding to which the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries is a party or to which the assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries is subject, before the courts of the Cayman Islands at the close of business on [specify a recent date].
 
(viii) All statements made in the Prospectus with regard to statutes, regulations, rules, treaties and other laws of the Cayman Islands (including, but not limited to, insurance, regulatory and tax matters and the Companies Law (2002 Revision) of the Cayman Islands) and enforcement of judgments in the Cayman Islands are accurate.
 
(ix) Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, and to the extent that the laws of the Cayman Islands are relevant, the Guarantor has legally, validly, effectively and irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of the United States Federal and New York State courts sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York, State of New York, and has legally, validly and effectively appointed ACE USA, Inc. as the authorized agent of the Guarantor for the purposes described in Section 13 of the Underwriting Agreement assuming this to be the case as a matter of the applicable United States Federal and New York State laws.
 
(x) The choice of the laws of the State of New York, United States of America as the governing law of the Underwriting Agreement is a valid and effective choice of law and in an action brought before a court of competent jurisdiction in the Cayman Islands, the laws of the State of New York would, to the extent specifically pleaded and proved as a fact by expert evidence, be recognized and applied by such court to all issues concerning the formal and essential validity of each of the Underwriting Agreement and the Indenture and the interpretation thereof, except that in any such action such court will apply those laws of the Cayman Islands as such court characterizes as procedural, and will not apply those laws of the State of New York as such court characterizes as procedural.
 
(xi) Although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of a judgment obtained in New York, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, based on the principle
 
that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided such judgment is final, for a liquidated sum, not in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, and was not obtained in a manner and is not of a kind the enforcement of which is contrary to the public policy of the Cayman Islands. A Cayman Islands court may stay proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. For the purposes of enforcement of a judgment granted against the Guarantor in respect of the Underwriting Agreement or the Indenture, a court in the Cayman Islands would recognize the jurisdiction of the applicable federal or state court to the jurisdiction of which the Guarantor has submitted rendering such judgment if service of process on the Guarantor is effected pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of the Underwriting Agreement.
 
(xii) On the basis that the Guarantor carries on its business as set forth in the Prospectus, there is no requirement that it be licensed under the Insurance Law, 1979, as amended, of the Cayman Islands.
 
In rendering such opinion, such counsel may rely (A) as to matters involving the application of laws other than the laws of the Cayman Islands, to the extent such counsel deems proper and specified in such opinion, upon the opinion of other counsel whom such counsel believes to be reliable (which opinion shall be dated and furnished to the Representative(s) at the Closing Time, shall be satisfactory in form and substance to counsel for the Underwriters and shall expressly state that the Underwriters may rely on such opinion as if it were addressed to them), provided that such counsel shall state in their opinion that they believe that they and the Underwriters are justified in relying upon such opinion, and (B) as to matters of fact (but not as to legal conclusions), to the extent such counsel deems proper, on certificates of responsible officers of the Guarantor, its subsidiaries and public officials.
 
Exhibit C
 
 
(i) Each of ACE Bermuda Insurance Ltd., Corporate Officers and Directors Assurance Ltd. and ACE Tempest Reinsurance Ltd. (collectively, the "Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries") (A) is validly existing under the laws of Bermuda as a company with limited liability and is in good standing under the laws of Bermuda (meaning that such company has not failed to make any filing with any Bermuda government authority or to pay any Bermuda government fee or tax, the failure of which would make such company immediately liable to be struck off the Register of Companies and thereby cease to exist under the laws of Bermuda) and (B) the corporate objects and powers contained in the Memorandum of Association of each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries are sufficient to allow them to carry on their business and to own, lease and operate its properties as both are described in the Prospectus.
 
(ii) Based solely upon a certified copy of the Register of Members for each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries, and without further inquiry, (a) all of the issued shares in the share capital of each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries have been duly and validly authorized and issued and are fully paid and nonassessable (meaning that, subject to the common law doctrine of "piercing the corporate veil" and to any agreement to the contrary between the registered holders and such Bermuda Insurance Subsidiary, no further sums are required to be paid by the holders thereof in connection with the issue of such shares); and (b) the Guarantor is the registered holder of all the issued shares of each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries (except for a de minimis number of shares necessary to comply with applicable law); and (c) based solely upon the Register of Charges, and without further inquiry, there are no registered liens, encumbrances, equities or claims in the Register of Charges in respect of those shares.
 
(iii) Each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries is duly registered as an insurer under the Insurance Act of 1978 (Bermuda) and the regulations promulgated thereunder (together, the "Insurance Act") and as so registered, each Bermuda Insurance Subsidiary may conduct that insurance business which it is described in the Prospectus as carrying on; and, based solely on the Certificates of Compliance and without independent inquiry, each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries has filed with the appropriate Bermuda governmental authority all reports, documents or other information required to be filed under the Insurance Act.
 
(iv) The execution and delivery by the Guarantor of, and the performance by the Guarantor of its obligations under, the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement and each applicable Indenture and any other agreement or instrument entered into or issued or to be entered into or issued by the Guarantor in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and the consummation by the Guarantor of the transactions contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement do not and will not (A) violate any provision of
 
the Memorandum of Association or By-laws of each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries; (B) contravene any provision of any of those laws, rules and regulations of Bermuda which, in such counsel's opinion, based upon such counsel's experience, are normally applicable to transactions of the type contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement, except that such counsel need not express any opinion in this paragraph with respect to Bermuda securities laws; (C) based solely upon the Cause Book and without further inquiry, contravene any judgment, order or decree by the Bermuda Supreme Court against the Guarantor or any of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries; (D) based solely upon the Register of Charges and without further inquiry, conflict with, result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, or give rise to any right to accelerate the maturity or require the prepayment of any registered charge recorded in the Register of Charges against the Guarantor or any of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries; or (E) require any consent, approval or authorization or order of, or qualification with any Bermuda governmental agency, except such as have been obtained under the applicable securities laws of Bermuda in connection with the offer and sale of the Underwritten Securities.
 
(v) Based solely upon the Cause Book and without further inquiry, there is no action, suit or proceeding now pending before the Bermuda Supreme Court to which the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries is a party or to which the assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries is subject.
 
(vi) All statements (but excluding those statements forming a part of financial information or accounts) made in the Registration Statement and Prospectus with respect to statutes, regulations, rules, treaties and other laws of Bermuda (including, but not limited to, statements made with respect to the Insurance Act and Bermuda tax matters) fairly and accurately present the information set forth therein and such counsel's opinion as to such matters.
 
(vii) The choice of the law of the State of New York as the governing law of the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Indenture is a valid choice of law and would be recognized and given effect to in any action brought before a court of competent jurisdiction in Bermuda, except for those laws (A) that such court considers to be procedural in nature, (B) that are revenue or penal laws or (C) the application of which would be inconsistent with public policy, as such term is interpreted under the laws of Bermuda.
 
(viii) The courts of Bermuda would recognize as a valid judgment, a final and conclusive judgment in personam obtained in the courts of the State of New York and of the United States of America against the Guarantor based upon the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Indenture under which a sum of money is payable (other than a sum of money payable in respect of multiple damages, taxes or other charges of a like nature or in respect of a fine or other penalty) and would give a judgment based thereon provided that (A) such courts had proper jurisdiction over the parties subject to such judgment, (B) such courts did not contravene the rules of natural justice of Bermuda, (C) such judgment was not obtained by fraud, (D) the enforcement of the
 
judgment would not be contrary to the public policy of Bermuda, (E) no new admissible evidence relevant to the action is submitted prior to the rendering of the judgment by the courts of Bermuda and (F) there is due compliance with the correct procedures under the laws of Bermuda.
 
In rendering such opinion, such counsel may rely (A) as to matters involving the application of laws other than the laws of Bermuda, to the extent such counsel deems proper and specified in such opinion, upon the opinion of other counsel whom such counsel believes to be reliable (which opinion shall be dated and furnished to the Representative(s) at the Closing Time, shall be satisfactory in form and substance to counsel for the Underwriters and shall expressly state that the Underwriters may rely on such opinion as if it were addressed to them), provided that such counsel shall state in their opinion that they believe that they and the Underwriters are justified in relying upon such opinion, and (B) as to matters of fact (but not as to legal conclusions), to the extent such counsel deems proper, on certificates of responsible officers of the Guarantor, its subsidiaries and public officials.
 
Exhibit D
 
 
(i) The Guarantor is qualified to do business, and is in good standing, as a foreign corporation, under the laws of each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or its ownership or leasing of property requires such qualification, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or to be in good standing would not singly or in the aggregate result in a Material Adverse Change.
 
(ii) Each of ACE Bermuda Insurance Ltd., ACE Tempest Reinsurance Ltd., ACE USA, Inc. and the Company is qualified to transact business and is in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions which recognize such concept) in each jurisdiction in which it owns or leases real property or in which the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified or to be in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions which recognize such concept) would not singly or in the aggregate result in a Material Adverse Change;
 
(iii) Except as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, such counsel does not know of any outstanding (A) securities or obligations of the Guarantor convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries; (B) rights, warrants or options to acquire or purchase from the Guarantor any shares of capital stock of the Guarantor or any such convertible or exchangeable securities or obligations; or (C) obligations or understandings of the Guarantor to issue or sell any shares of capital stock of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries, any such convertible or exchangeable securities or obligations, or any such warrants, rights or obligations.
 
(iv) To the best of such counsel's knowledge, and other than as disclosed in the Prospectus, there are no threatened legal proceedings against the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries that, if determined adversely to the Guarantor or such subsidiary, would result in a Material Adverse Change.
 
In rendering such opinion, such counsel may rely as to matters of fact (but not as to legal conclusions), to the extent such counsel deems proper, on certificates of responsible officers of the Company, the Guarantor, their respective subsidiaries and public officials.
 
Exhibit E
 
 
(i) Each of the Company and ACE USA, Inc. is duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.
 
(ii) The execution and delivery by the Company of, and the performance by the Company of its obligations under, the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement and the [each] applicable [Indenture] and any other agreement or instrument entered into or issued or to be entered into or issued by the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement do not and will not (A) contravene any provision of any United States federal or New York State law, rule or regulation, in each case which, in such counsel's opinion, based on such counsel's experience, are normally applicable to transactions of the type contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement ("United States Applicable Laws"), except that such counsel need not express any opinion in this paragraph with respect to state securities laws; (B) contravene any judgment, order or decree known to such counsel without independent inquiry of any United States federal or New York State court or governmental agency or body having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its subsidiaries or by which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is bound or by which their properties or assets may be affected; (C) conflict with, result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, or give rise to any right to accelerate the maturity or require the prepayment of any indebtedness or the purchase of any capital stock under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any properties or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, pursuant to the terms of, any agreement or instrument filed as an exhibit to the Guarantor's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K or any agreement or instrument otherwise known to such counsel to which the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to which any of the assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is subject, or the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Company or ACE USA, except for such conflicts, breaches, violations, defaults, accelerations, repayments, repurchases, liens, charges or encumbrances that would not singly or in the aggregate result in a Material Adverse Change; or (D) based upon such counsel's review of the United States Applicable Laws, require any consent, approval or authorization or order of, or qualification with, any United States federal or state governmental agency or authority or court, except such as have been obtained under the 1933 Act, the 1933 Act Regulations, the 1939 Act and the 1939 Act Regulations and such as may be required under state securities or blue sky laws or state insurance laws in connection with the offer and sale of the Underwritten Securities.
 
(iii) The Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company.
 
(iv) The Underwritten Securities have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company for issuance and sale pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement.
 
(v) The Underwritten Securities, when issued and authenticated in the manner provided for in the applicable Indenture and delivered against payment of the consideration therefor specified in such Terms Agreement, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), and except further as enforcement thereof may be limited by requirements that a claim with respect to any Debt Securities payable in a foreign or corporate currency (or a foreign or composite currency judgment in respect of such claim) be converted into U.S. dollars at a rate of exchange prevailing on a date determined pursuant to applicable law or by governmental authority to limit, delay or prohibit the making of payments outside the United States. The Underwritten Securities are in the form contemplated by, and each registered holder thereof is entitled to the benefits of, the [each] applicable Indenture.
 
(vi) Assuming the Guarantee has been duly authorized by the Guarantor for issuance and sale pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement, the Guarantee, when issued and delivered to the Underwriters in accordance with the provisions of the Underwriting Agreement, will constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor enforceable against the Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).
 
(vii) The [each] applicable Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and the Guarantor and (assuming the Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Guarantor and the applicable Trustee), the [each] applicable Indenture constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Company and the Guarantor, enforceable against the Company and the Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).
 
(viii) The Underwritten Securities, the Guarantee and the [each] applicable Indenture conform in all material respects to the statements relating thereto contained in the Prospectus and are in substantially the form filed or incorporated by reference, as the case may be, as an exhibit to the Registration Statement.
 
(ix) Such counsel does not know, after inquiry of officers of the Company and the Guarantor and based solely on such inquiry, of any action, suit or proceeding before or by any United States federal or state government, governmental instrumentality or court now pending or threatened against or affecting the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) or any of their respective assets or properties that is required to be described in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus and is not so described or of any contract or other document that is required to be described in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, or to be filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, that is not described or filed, as required.
 
(x) The statements in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus insofar as they are descriptions of contracts, agreements, instruments or the Company's Certificate of Incorporation or legal proceedings, or constitute statements or summaries of United States federal or New York State laws or legal conclusions with respect thereto, are accurate and present fairly the information required to be shown.
 
(xi) The discussion of tax matters set forth under the heading "Certain Tax Consequences" in the Prospectus contains the relevant and material provisions of present United States tax law applicable to the Underwritten Securities and the Guarantee and the statements thereunder are true and correct (subject to the qualifications and assumptions set forth in such discussion) as of the Closing Date.
 
(xii) The Registration Statement (including any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement) and the Prospectus, excluding the documents incorporated by reference therein, and each amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement (including any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement) and Prospectus, excluding the documents incorporated by reference therein, as of their respective effective or issue dates (other than the financial statements and supporting schedules and other financial data included therein or omitted therefrom complied as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and the 1939 Act and the 1939 Act Regulations.
 
(xiii) The documents incorporated by reference in the Prospectus (other than the financial statements and supporting schedules and other financial data included therein or omitted therefrom, as to which such counsel need express no opinion), when they became effective or were filed with the Commission, as the case may be, complied as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act, as applicable, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder.
 
(xiv) The [each] applicable Indenture has been duly qualified under the 1939 Act.
 
(xv) The Underwritten Securities, upon issuance, will be excluded or exempted under, or beyond the purview of, the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the "Commodity Exchange Act"), and the rules and regulations of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the Commodity Exchange Act (the "Commodity Exchange Act Regulations").
 
(xvi) The Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities as herein contemplated and the application of the net proceeds therefrom as described in the Prospectus will not be, an "investment company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act").
 
Such counsel shall also state that it has been advised by the Commission that the Registration Statement (including any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement) became effective under the 1933 Act; that any required filings of the Prospectus pursuant to Rule 424 (b) have been made in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b); and that, based solely on conversations with the Commission, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement (or such Rule 462(b) Registration Statement) has been issued and no proceedings for the purpose have been instituted, are pending or, to such counsel's knowledge, are contemplated under the 1933 Act.
 
Such counsel shall also state that they have examined various documents and participated in conferences with representatives of the Company and the Guarantor and their accountants and with representatives of the Representative(s) and their counsel at which times the contents of the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and related matters were discussed, and that, although they are not passing upon and assume no responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or fairness of the statements contained in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or making any representation that they have independently verified or checked the accuracy, completeness or fairness of such statements, except as set forth above, no facts have come to such counsel's attention that cause such counsel to believe that the Registration Statement (including any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement) or any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time the Registration Statement (including any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement) or any post-effective amendment thereto (including the filing of the Guarantor's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K with the Commission) became effective or as of the date of the Terms Agreement, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; or that the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, at the date of the Prospectus, at the date of any such amendment or supplement or at the Closing Time, included or includes any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or omits to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (such counsel need not express a belief with respect to the financial statements and supporting schedules and other financial data included in or omitted from the Registration Statement (including any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement) or any post-effective amendment thereto or the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto).
 
In rendering such opinion, such counsel may rely (A) as to matters involving the application of laws other than the laws of the State of New York, the corporate laws of the State of Delaware or the federal laws of the United States of America, to the extent such counsel deems proper and specified in such opinion, upon the opinion of other counsel whom such counsel believes to be reliable (which opinion shall be dated and furnished to the Representative(s) at the Closing Time, shall be satisfactory in form and substance to counsel for the Underwriters and shall expressly state that the Underwriters may rely on such opinion as if it
 
were addressed to them), provided that such counsel shall state in their opinion that they believe that they and the Underwriters are justified in relying upon such opinion, and (B) as to matters of fact (but not as to legal conclusions), to the extent such counsel deems proper, on certificates of responsible officers of the Company, its subsidiaries and public officials.
 

Exhibit 1.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
June 2, 2004
 
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
 
We understand that ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), proposes to issue and sell $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.875% Senior Notes due 2014 (the "Underwritten Securities"), which will be unconditionally guaranteed as to payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest by ACE Limited, a Cayman Islands company (the "Guarantor"). Subject to the terms and conditions set forth or incorporated by reference herein, the underwriters named below (the "Underwriters") offer to purchase, severally and not jointly, the principal amount of Underwritten Securities opposite their names set forth below at the purchase price set forth below.
 
The Underwritten Securities have the following terms:
 
 
 
 
Notices: Notice to the Underwriters shall be directed c/o:
 
J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.
270 Park Avenue
New York, New York 10017
Attention: Louis De Caro
 
with copies to:
 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
388 Greenwich Street, 32
nd
Floor
New York, New York 10013
Attention: Patrice A. Altongy
 
All of the provisions contained in the document attached as Annex I hereto entitled "ACE INA HOLDINGS INC.Senior and Subordinated Debt Securities  Unconditionally Guaranteed as to Payment of Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest by ACE LIMITED Underwriting Agreement" are hereby incorporated by reference in their entirety herein and shall be deemed to be a part of this Terms Agreement to the same extent as if such provisions had been set forth in full herein. Terms defined in such document are used herein as therein defined.
 
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.
 
Please accept this offer no later than 8:00 P.M. (New York City time) on June 2, 2004 by signing a copy of this Terms Agreement in the space set forth below and returning the signed copy to us.
 
Very truly yours,
 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC.
J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES INC.
BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC.
DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC.
WACHOVIA CAPITAL MARKETS, LLC
ABN AMRO INCORPORATED
LAZARD FRRES & CO. LLC
CREDIT LYONNAIS SECURITIES (USA) INC.
RBC CAPITAL MARKETS CORPORATION
BNP PARIBAS SECURITIES CORP.
COMERICA SECURITIES, INC.
HSBC SECURITIES (USA) INC.
ING FINANCIAL MARKETS LLC
SCOTIA CAPITAL (USA) INC.
THE ROYAL BANK OF SCOTLAND PLC
 
 
 

EXHIBIT 4.1
 
 
 
Pursuant to Sections 1.2, 3.1 and 3.3 of the Indenture, dated as of August 1, 1999 (the "Indenture"), among ACE INA Holdings Inc. (the "Company"), ACE Limited and J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association (as successor to The First National Bank of Chicago, N.A.), as trustee (the "Trustee"), the undersigned Ken Koreyva, Treasurer of the Company, hereby certifies as follows:
 
(1) The issuance of a series of Securities designated as 5.875% Senior Notes due 2014 in an aggregate principal amount of $500,000,000 (the "Securities"), has been approved and authorized in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture pursuant to resolutions duly adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company on June 8, 2004.
 
(2) The terms of the several series of Securities shall be as follows:
 
(a) The title of the Securities is "5.875% Senior Notes due 2014".
 
(b) The aggregate principal amount of Securities which may be authenticated and delivered under the Indenture is initially limited to $500,000,000, except for Securities authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of, other Securities pursuant to Sections 3.4, 3.5, 3.6, 9.5 or 11.7 of the Indenture.
 
(c) The Securities will be issued in book-entry form, in denominations of $1,000 or any amount in excess thereof which is an integral multiple of $1,000, and represented by a registered global Security substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A delivered to The Depository Trust Company (the "Depositary"), or a custodian on the Depositary's behalf, and recorded in the book-entry system maintained by the Depositary.
 
(d) The principal amount of the Securities shall be due and payable on June 15, 2014.
 
(e) The principal of the Securities shall bear interest from June 9, 2004 or from the most recent Interest Payment Date (as defined below) to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, payable semiannually on June 15 and December 15 of each year (each, an "Interest Payment Date"), commencing December 15, 2004, to the Persons in whose names the Securities (or one or more Predecessor Securities) are registered at the close of business on the June 1 or December 1, as the case may be, preceding such Interest Payment Dates.
 
(f) Interest on the Securities will accrue at the rate of 5.875% per annum from June 9, 2004 until the principal thereof is paid or made available for payment.
 
(g) The principal of, interest on and any Additional Amounts with respect to the Securities shall be payable and the Securities may be surrendered or presented for payment, the Securities may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange, and notices and demands to or upon the Company or the Guarantor in respect of the Securities and the Indenture may be served, at the office or agency of the Company and the Guarantor maintained for such purposes in The City of New York, State of New York from time to time, and the Company hereby appoints the Trustee, acting through its office or agency in The City of New York designated from time to time for such purpose, as its agent for the foregoing purposes; provided, however, that at the option of the Company payment of interest may be made by check mailed to the address of the Holders entitled thereto, as such addresses shall appear in the Security Register; and provided, further, that (subject to Section 10.2 of the Indenture) the Company may at any time remove the Trustee as its office or agency in The City of New York designated for the foregoing purposes and may from time to time designate one or more other offices or agencies for the foregoing purposes and may from time to time rescind such designations.
 
(h) The Securities shall be redeemable at the option of the Company prior to Stated Maturity as described in Exhibit A, and are not subject to a sinking fund or analogous provision.
 
(i) Payments of principal, interest on and any Additional Amounts with respect to the Securities shall be made in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment shall be legal tender for the payment of public and private debts.
 
(j) The Trustee shall be Security Registrar and the initial Paying Agent and initial transfer agent for the Securities (subject to the Company's right (subject to Section 10.2 of the Indenture) to remove the Trustee as such Paying Agent and/or transfer agent and, from time to time, to designate one or more co-registrars and one or more other Paying Agents and transfer agents and to rescind from time to time any such designations), and The City of New York is designated as a Place of Payment for the Securities.
 
(k) Additional Amounts shall be payable in respect of the Securities on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in Section 10.4 of the Indenture and in the Securities. Whenever in this Officers' Certificate or in the certificate evidencing the Securities there is mentioned, in any context, the payment of principal, interest or any other amount payable under or with respect to such Security, such mention shall be deemed to include mention of the payment of Additional Amounts to the extent that, in such context, Additional Amounts are, were or would be payable in respect thereof.
 
(l) The Securities shall have such additional terms and provisions as are set forth in Exhibit A hereto, all of which terms and provisions are incorporated by
 
reference in and made a part of this Officers' Certificate as if set forth in full herein.
 
(3) All conditions precedent to the execution, authentication and delivery of the Securities of each series described herein have been complied with, and no event which is, or after notice or lapse of time would become, an Event of Default with respect to any of the Securities of each such series has occurred and is continuing.
 
The undersigned states that he has read and is familiar with the provisions of Article III of the Indenture relating to the issuance of Securities thereunder; that he is generally familiar with the other provisions of the Indenture and with the affairs of the Company, the Guarantor and their corporate acts and proceedings; and that, in his opinion, he has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him to express an informed opinion as to whether or not the conditions referred to above have been complied with.
 
Insofar as this certificate relates to legal matters, it is based, as provided for in Section 3.3 of the Indenture, upon the Opinion of Counsel delivered to the Trustee contemporaneously herewith pursuant to Section 3.3 of the Indenture and relating to the Securities of the series described herein.
 
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings specified in the Indenture.
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I, as Treasurer of the Company, have hereunto signed my name and affixed the seal of the Company.
 
Dated: June 9, 2004
 
[SEAL]
 
EXHIBIT A
 
 
THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITORY (AS DEFINED IN THE INDENTURE) OR A NOMINEE THEREOF. THIS GLOBAL SECURITY IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR SECURITIES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITORY OR ITS NOMINEE ONLY IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE AND, UNLESS AND UNTIL IT IS EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR SECURITIES IN DEFINITIVE FORM, THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITORY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY, OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY TO THE DEPOSITORY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY, OR BY THE DEPOSITORY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITORY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR DEPOSITORY.
 
UNLESS THIS SECURITY IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION ("DTC"), TO THE COMPANY (AS DEFINED BELOW) OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY SECURITY ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC) ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.
 
 
 
 
ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter called the "Company", which term includes any successor corporation under the Indenture referred to below), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns, the principal sum of Five Hundred Million Dollars ($500,000,000) on June 15, 2014 and to pay interest thereon from June 9, 2004 or from the most recent interest payment date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, payable semiannually on June 15 and December 15 in each year (each, an "Interest Payment Date"), commencing December 15, 2004, at the rate of 5.875% per annum, until the principal hereof (and any Additional Amounts (as defined below)) is paid or duly made available for payment. Interest on this Note shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. If any Interest Payment Date or the maturity date falls on a day that is
 
not a Business Day, the required payment shall be made on the next Business Day as if it were made on the date such payment was due and no interest shall accrue on the amount so payable for the period from and after such Interest Payment Date or the maturity date, as the case may be, to such next Business Day. The interest so payable and punctually paid or duly provided for on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in such Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Note (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the regular record date for such interest, which shall be June 1 or December 1 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, next preceding such Interest Payment Date. Any such interest which is payable, but is not punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date shall forthwith cease to be payable to the registered Holder hereof on the relevant regular record date by virtue of having been such Holder, and may be paid to the Person in whose name this Note (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on a subsequent special record date (which shall be at least 10 days before the payment date) for the payment of such defaulted interest to be fixed by the Company, notice whereof shall be given to the Holders of Notes of this series not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date, or may be paid at any time in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which the Notes may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided in such Indenture. Any interest paid on this Note shall be increased to the extent necessary to pay Additional Amounts as set forth in this Note.
 
Payment of the principal of, interest on or any Additional Amounts in respect of this Note will be made at the office or agency of the Company and the Guarantor (as defined below) maintained for that purpose in The Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts; provided, however, that, at the option of the Company or the Guarantor, interest may be paid by check mailed to the address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Security Register; provided, further, that payment to DTC or any successor Depository may be made by wire transfer to the account designated by DTC or such successor depository in writing.
 
This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of securities of the Company (herein called the "Notes"), fully and unconditionally guaranteed as to payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest by ACE Limited, a Cayman Islands company (the "Guarantor"), issued and to be issued in one or more series under an Indenture, dated as of August 1, 1999 (herein called, together with all indentures supplemental thereto, the "Indenture"), among the Company, the Guarantor and J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association (as successor to The First National Bank of Chicago), as Trustee (herein called the "Trustee", which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Guarantor, the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes, and of the terms upon which the Notes are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. This Note is one of the series designated on the face hereof, initially limited (subject to exceptions provided in the Indenture) to the aggregate principal amount specified in the Officer's Certificate, dated June 9, 2004, establishing the terms of the Notes pursuant to the Indenture.
 
The Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company. The Company's obligation to pay the principal of, interest on or any Additional Amounts in respect of the Notes is unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Guarantor pursuant to Article 16 of the Indenture.
 
If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes shall occur and be continuing, the principal of the Notes may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture.
 
The Indenture contains provisions permitting, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Company or the Guarantor and the rights of the Holders of the Securities of each series issued under the Indenture at any time by the Company, the Guarantor and the Trustee with the written consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Securities at the time Outstanding of each series affected thereby. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified percentages in aggregate principal amount of the Securities of any series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Company or the Guarantor with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Note shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Notes issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note.
 
This Note is not subject to any sinking fund.
 
No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of, interest on or any Additional Amounts in respect of this Note, at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein and in the Indenture prescribed.
 
As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations set forth therein and in this Note, the transfer of this Note may be registered on the Security Register upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Company and the Guarantor maintained for that purpose in any place where the principal of, interest on or any Additional Amounts in respect of this Note are payable, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly executed by, the Holder hereof or by his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Notes of this series and of like tenor, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees.
 
The Notes are issuable only in registered form without coupons in the denominations specified in the Officer's Certificate, dated June 9, 2004, establishing the terms of the Notes, all as more fully provided in the Indenture and such Officer's Certificate. As provided in the Indenture and in such Officer's Certificate, and subject to certain limitations set forth in the Indenture, such Officer's Certificate and in this Note, the Notes are exchangeable for a like
 
aggregate principal amount of Notes of this series in different authorized denominations, as requested by the Holders surrendering the same.
 
No service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith, other than in certain cases provided in the Indenture.
 
Prior to due presentment of this Note for registration of transfer, the Company, the Guarantor, the Trustee and any agent of the Company, the Guarantor or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Note is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Note be overdue, and neither the Company, the Guarantor, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.
 
The Notes are redeemable as a whole or in part, at the Company's option at any time, at a Redemption Price equal to the greater of (i) 100 percent of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed or (ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon (excluding interest accrued to the Redemption Date) and discounted to Redemption Date on a semiannual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the applicable Treasury Rate plus 20 basis points, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount being redeemed to the Redemption Date.
 
"Treasury Rate" means, with respect to any Redemption Date, (1) the yield, under the heading which represents the average for the immediately preceding week, appearing in the most recently published statistical release designated "H.15(519)" or any successor publication which is published weekly by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and which establishes yields on actively traded United States Treasury securities adjusted to constant maturity under the caption "Treasury Constant Maturities," for the maturity corresponding to the Comparable Treasury Issue (if no maturity is within three months before or after the Remaining Life, yields for the two published maturities most closely corresponding to the Comparable Treasury Issue will be determined and the Treasury Rate will be interpolated or extrapolated from such yields on a straight line basis, rounding to the nearest month) or (2) if such release (or any successor release) is not published during the week preceding the calculation date or does not contain such yields, the rate per year equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield-to-maturity of the Comparable Treasury Issue, calculated using a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Treasury Price for such Redemption Date. The Treasury Rate will be calculated on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date.
 
"Business Day" means any calendar day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday in New York, New York, and on which commercial banks are open for business in New York, New York.
 
"Comparable Treasury Issue" means the United States Treasury security selected by an Independent Investment Banker as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the notes to be redeemed.
 
"Comparable Treasury Price" means (1) the average of five Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such Redemption Date, after excluding the highest and lowest Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (2) if the Independent Investment Banker obtains fewer than five such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all such quotations.
 
"Independent Investment Banker" means either Citigroup Global Markets Inc. or J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., and their respective successors, or, if both firms are unwilling or unable to select the Comparable Treasury Issue, an independent investment banking institution of national standing appointed by the Trustee after consultation with the Company.
 
"Reference Treasury Dealer" means (1) each of Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., or their respective successors; provided, however, that if any of the foregoing shall cease to be a primary U.S. Government securities dealer in New York City, which we refer to as a "Primary Treasury Dealer", the Company will substitute another Primary Treasury Dealer and (2) any three other Primary Treasury Dealers selected by the Independent Investment Banker after consultation with the Company.
 
"Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer and Redemption Date, the average, as determined by the Independent Investment Banker, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Independent Investment Banker at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the third Business Day preceding such Redemption Date.
 
All payments on this Note will be made without withholding of any present or future taxes or governmental charges of the Cayman Islands or Bermuda (each, a "Taxing Jurisdiction"), unless the Company is required to do so by applicable law or regulation.
 
If the Company is required to withhold amounts, it will, subject to the limitations described below, pay to the Holder of this Note additional amounts so that every net payment made to the Holder of this Note, after the withholding, will be the same amount provided for in this Note and the Indenture ("Additional Amounts").
 
The Company will not be required to pay any Additional Amounts for (1) any tax or governmental charge which would not have been imposed but for the fact that the Holder of this Note: (a) was a resident of, or engaged in business or maintained a permanent establishment or was physically present in, the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction or otherwise had some connection with the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction other than the mere ownership of, or receipt of payment on, this Note, (b) presented this Note for payment in the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction, unless this Note could not have been presented for payment elsewhere, or (c) presented this Note for payment more than 30 days after the date on which the payment became due unless the Holder of this Note would have been entitled to these Additional Amounts if the Holder of this Note had presented this Note for payment within the 30-day period; (2) any estate, inheritance, gift, sale, transfer, personal property or similar tax or other governmental charge; (3) any tax or other governmental charge that is imposed or withheld because of failure by the Holder of this Note to comply with any reasonable request by the Company: (a) to provide information concerning the nationality, residence or identity of the Holder of this Note or that of the beneficial owner of this Note; or (b) to make any claim or satisfy any information or reporting requirement, which in
 
either case is required by the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction as a precondition to exemption from all or part of the tax or other governmental charge; or (4) any combination of items (1), (2) or (3) above.
 
The Company will not pay Additional Amounts if the Holder of this Note is a fiduciary or partnership or other than the sole beneficial owner of this Note if the beneficiary or partner or settlor would not have been entitled to the Additional Amounts had it been the holder of this Note.
 
The Company will be entitled to redeem this Note, at its option, at any time as a whole but not in part, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice, at 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest (if any) to the date of redemption (subject to the right of holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant Interest Payment Date), in the event that the Company or the Guarantor has become or would become obligated to pay, on the next date on which any amount would be payable with respect to this Note, any Additional Amounts as a result of: (1) a change in or an amendment to the laws (including any regulations promulgated thereunder) of a Taxing Jurisdiction, which change or amendment is announced after June 2, 2004; or (2) any change in or amendment to any official position regarding the application or interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment is announced after June 2, 2004, and, in each case, the Company or the Guarantor, as applicable, cannot avoid such obligation by taking reasonable measures available to it.
 
The Indenture contains provisions whereby (i) the Company and the Guarantor may be discharged from their obligations with respect to the Notes (subject to certain exceptions) or (ii) the Company and the Guarantor may be released from their obligations under specified covenants and agreements in the Indenture, in each case if the Company or the Guarantor irrevocably deposits with the Trustee money or Government Obligations, or a combination thereof, in an amount sufficient, without consideration of any reinvestment, to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness on all Notes of this series, and satisfies certain other conditions, all as more fully provided in the Indenture.
 
This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements and instruments made and to be performed wholly within such State.
 
All terms used in this Note without definition that are defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.
 
 
Unless the Certificate of Authentication hereon has been executed by or on behalf of the Trustee under the Indenture by the manual signature of one of its authorized officers, this Note shall not be entitled to any benefits under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed under its corporate seal.
 
 
 
This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.
 
Dated: June 9, 2004
 
 
 
 
The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription on the face of this instrument, shall be construed as though they were written out in full according to applicable laws or regulations:
 
TEN COM        as tenants in common
 
TEN ENT        as tenants by the entireties
 
JT TEN        as joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common
 
UNIF GIFT MIN ACT        
                                         
    (Minor)
 
                  Custodian             
                                        
    (Cust)
 
Under Uniform Gifts to Minors Act  
                                         
  (State)
 
Additional abbreviations may also be used though not in the above list.
 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned registered holder hereby sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) unto
[PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE]
 
                                                                                                                                        
 
                                                                                                                                        
 
                                                                                                                                        
[PLEASE PRINT OR TYPEWRITE NAME AND ADDRESS OF ASSIGNEE]
 
 
 
the within Note and all rights thereunder, hereby irrevocably constituting and appointing to transfer said Note on the books of the Company with full power of substitution in the premises.
                                                                                                                                                          
 
 
 
Dated:
                                    
Signature:
                                    
 
 
Signatures must be guaranteed by an "eligible guarantor institution" meeting the requirements of the Trustee, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program ("STAMP") or such other "signature guarantee program" as may be determined by the Trustee in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20040622151258.txt.gz
TIME:20040622151258
EVENTS:	Financial statements and exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Financial statements and exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 7. Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
(c) Exhibits.
 
The following document is filed with reference to and is hereby incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-88482), as amended, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by ACE Limited and certain of its subsidiaries:
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
Dated: June 22, 2004
 
 

Exhibit 1.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
June 2, 2004
 
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
 
We understand that ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), proposes to issue and sell $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.875% Senior Notes due 2014 (the "Underwritten Securities"), which will be unconditionally guaranteed as to payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest by ACE Limited, a Cayman Islands company (the "Guarantor"). Subject to the terms and conditions set forth or incorporated by reference herein, the underwriters named below (the "Underwriters") offer to purchase, severally and not jointly, the principal amount of Underwritten Securities opposite their names set forth below at the purchase price set forth below.
 
The Underwritten Securities have the following terms:
 
 
 
 
Notices: Notice to the Underwriters shall be directed c/o:
 
J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.
270 Park Avenue
New York, New York 10017
Attention: Louis De Caro
 
with copies to:
 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
388 Greenwich Street, 32
nd
Floor
New York, New York 10013
Attention: Patrice A. Altongy
 
All of the provisions contained in the document attached as Annex I hereto entitled "ACE INA HOLDINGS INC.Senior and Subordinated Debt Securities  Unconditionally Guaranteed as to Payment of Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest by ACE LIMITED Underwriting Agreement" are hereby incorporated by reference in their entirety herein and shall be deemed to be a part of this Terms Agreement to the same extent as if such provisions had been set forth in full herein. Terms defined in such document are used herein as therein defined.
 
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.
 
Please accept this offer no later than 8:00 P.M. (New York City time) on June 2, 2004 by signing a copy of this Terms Agreement in the space set forth below and returning the signed copy to us.
 
Very truly yours,
 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC.
J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES INC.
BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC.
DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC.
WACHOVIA CAPITAL MARKETS, LLC
ABN AMRO INCORPORATED
LAZARD FRRES & CO. LLC
CREDIT LYONNAIS SECURITIES (USA) INC.
RBC CAPITAL MARKETS CORPORATION
BNP PARIBAS SECURITIES CORP.
COMERICA SECURITIES, INC.
HSBC SECURITIES (USA) INC.
ING FINANCIAL MARKETS LLC
SCOTIA CAPITAL (USA) INC.
THE ROYAL BANK OF SCOTLAND PLC
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20040727195716.txt.gz
TIME:20040727195716
EVENTS:		Financial statements and exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: 
ITEM: Financial statements and exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 7. Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits.
 
 
 
Item 12. Results of Operations and Financial Condition
 
On July 27, 2004, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its second quarter 2004 results and the availability of its second quarter financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
In accordance with general instruction B.6 of Form 8-K, the information in this report, including exhibits, is furnished pursuant to Item 12 and shall not be deemed "filed" for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: July 27, 2004
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported net income for the second quarter ended June 30, 2004 of $413 million or $1.41 per share, compared with net income of $371 million or $1.32 per share for the same quarter last year. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) for the second quarter increased 33% to $380 million, or $1.29 per share, compared with $286 million or $1.01 per share for the same quarter of last year.(1)
HAMILTON, Bermuda, July 27, 2004
 
Evan Greenberg, President and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "This was an excellent quarter. All of our business segments performed well, which is a reflection of the investments we have made to increase both our product capability and physical presence globally. In light of a softening market, I remain confident in our ability to perform given our underwriting discipline and the diversity of our business opportunities."
 
Other second quarter operating highlights were as follows:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 1/5
Financial results improved over the prior year's results for virtually every business segment. Further details are available in the financial supplement. Key items include:
 
 
 
 
 
On April 23, 2004, the Company completed the sale of 65.3 percent of its financial and mortgage guaranty reinsurance and insurance businesses through the initial public offering (IPO) of 49 million common shares of Assured Guaranty Ltd. at $18.00 per share. The Company received total proceeds of approximately $1.035 billion. This comprised $835 million of net offering proceeds and a return of capital of $200 million. This was a beneficial transaction for ACE as it enabled capital to be reallocated to higher growth, higher ROE businesses, and reduced its overall credit exposure. As a result of the transaction, the Company's book value declined by approximately $61 million, comprising an $18 million after tax loss and a $43 million reduction to other comprehensive income, representing a reclassification of previously unrealized investment gains to income.
 
Please refer to the ACE Financial Supplement June 30, 2004, which is posted on the Company's website, for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, loss on sale of Assured Guaranty, investment portfolio and capital structure. ACE's website reference (url) is . (Due to the length of this URL, it may be necessary to copy and paste this hyperlink into your Internet browser's URL address field.)
http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/nys/ace/reports/fin_supp_June_30_2004.xls
 
ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) will host its second quarter 2004 earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday, July 28, 2004 beginning at 8:30 a.m. EDT. The call is available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 1-973-582-2745. Please refer to our website in the "Investor Information, Calendar of Events" for details. A replay of the call will be available until Monday, August 30, 2004. To listen to the replay, dial: 1-877-519-4471 (in the United States) or 1-973-341-3080 (international); passcode 4928961.
www.acelimited.com
 
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. A component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, The ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in approximately 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acelimited.com
 
Page 2/6
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:
 
Any forward-looking statements made in this press release reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those, set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, new theories of liability, judicial and legislative developments, litigation tactics, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, actual market developments, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
Page 3/6
 
 
 
Page 4/6
 
 
 
Ratios exclude life reinsurance business
 
Page 5/6
 
 
 
 
 
Page 6/6

Exhibit 99.2
 
Financial Supplement
 
June 30, 2004
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sale of Assured Guaranty Ltd.
 
On April 28, 2004, the Company completed the sale of 65.3 percent of its financial and mortgage guaranty reinsurance and insurance businesses (transferred business) through the initial public offering (IPO) of 49 million common shares of Assured Guaranty Ltd. (Assured Guaranty) at $18.00 per share. Assured Guaranty was incorporated in Bermuda in August 2003 for the sole purpose of becoming a holding company for the transferred business.
 
Pursuant to the completion of the IPO on April 28, 2004, the Company received proceeds, net of related offering costs, of approximately $835 million. The transaction resulted in a pre-tax loss of $6.7 million, that reduces net realized gains in the consolidated income statement, and an after-tax loss of $18.1 million, which consists of the following:
 
 
A description of each component of the loss is as follows:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At March 31, 2004, $7.1 billion of the active operations' recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 86% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by nationally recognized rating agencies. The Company held collateral of $2.1 billion, of which $1.4 billion was matched and usable against existing recoverables.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At March 31, 2004, $11.2 billion of consolidated recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 89% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by nationally recognized rating agencies.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investment portfolio
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
 
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations; however, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of book value per share to diluted book value per ordinary share is provided on page 27. The following non-GAAP measure is a common performance measurement and is defined as income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) on investments and the tax benefit (expense) on net realized gains (losses) on investments. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
 
We exclude net realized gains (losses) on investments because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part, according to the availability of market opportunities. We believe these amounts are largely independent of our business and including them would distort the analysis of trends. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Ordinary Share to Diluted Book Value per Ordinary Share
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) less perpetual preferred securities and mezzanine equity dividends divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity for the period. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio for the property and casualty and financial services operations. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity and net proceeds from assumed conversions of outstanding in-the-money options divided by the sum of shares outstanding and the number of options assumed issued.
Diluted book value per ordinary share:
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity and net proceeds from assumed conversions of outstanding in-the-money options less goodwill divided by the sum of shares outstanding and the number of options assumed issued.
Diluted tangible book value per ordinary share:
 
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses).
Effective tax rate:
 
Unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity.
FAS 115:
 
Net premium earned and net investment income less future policy benefits, acquisition costs and administrative expenses.
Life underwriting income:
 
Not meaningful.
NM:
 
Shareholders' equity less perpetual preferred shares.
Ordinary shareholders' equity:
 
Property and casualty.
P & C:
 
Loss and loss expense ratios, policy acquisition cost ratios and administrative expense ratios excluding life reinsurance business and financial services segment. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Property and casualty combined ratios:
 
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) less perpetual preferred securities and mezzanine equity dividends divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity.
Return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
Shareholders' equity less goodwill.
Tangible equity:
 
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, mezzanine equity, perpetual preferred shares and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 
Year to date.
YTD:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20040823155556.txt.gz
TIME:20040823155556
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
Item 8.01 Other Events.
 
On August 20, 2004, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting on the impact of Hurricane Charley. The press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and filed herewith.
 
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: August 23, 2004
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 
 
HAMILTON, Bermuda  August 20, 2004  ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) announced today that preliminary estimates indicate that total net losses for the entire ACE Group of Companies resulting from the impact of Hurricane Charley, the category 4 hurricane that hit Florida on August 13
th
, will be approximately $100 million pre-tax, which is in line with previously stated guidance for annual catastrophe-related losses.
 
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. A component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, The ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in approximately 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: www.acelimited.com.
 
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:
 
Any forward-looking statements made in this press release reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. Among other things, these forward-looking statements could be affected by the number of insureds and ceding companies affected by the hurricane, the amount and timing of losses actually incurred and reported by insureds, the preliminary nature of reports and estimates of loss to date, the impact of the hurricane on the Company's reinsurers, and the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverables actually received, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20040913155529.txt.gz
TIME:20040913155529
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
       
o
    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)        
o
    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)        
o
    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))        
o
    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.
                ACE Limited has entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and executive officers.  These agreements are in furtherance of the Companys Articles of Association which require the Company to indemnify its directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by law.  The indemnification agreements provide for indemnification arising out of specified indemnifiable events and provide for advancement of expenses.  The indemnification agreements set forth procedures relating to indemnification claims.  For the complete terms of the indemnification agreements, see the form of the indemnification agreement which is attached as an exhibit hereto and which is incorporated herein by reference.
                ACE is also filing the forms of restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards and option terms under the ACE Limited 2004 LongTerm Incentive Plan.  The ACE Limited 2004 LongTerm Incentive Plan was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to ACE Limiteds Form 10Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2004.
Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
*Management Contract or Compensation Plan
 
 
 
SIGNATURES
                Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: September  10, 2004
 
 
*Management Contract or Incentive Plan

            THIS AGREEMENT is entered into, effective as of _____________ by and between ACE Limited, a Cayman Islands company (the Company), and ______________ (Indemnitee).
            WHEREAS, it is essential to the Company to retain and attract as directors and officers the most capable persons available;
            WHEREAS, Indemnitee is a director and/or officer of the Company;
            WHEREAS, both the Company and Indemnitee recognize the increased risk of litigation and other claims currently being asserted against directors and officers of corporations;
            WHEREAS, the Articles of Association of the Company require the Company to indemnify its directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by law, and permit the Company to advance expenses relating to the defense of indemnification matters, and the Indemnitee has been serving and continues to serve as a director and/or officer of the Company in part in reliance on the Companys Articles of Association; and
            WHEREAS, in recognition of Indemnitees need for (i) substantial protection against personal liability based on Indemnitees reliance on the aforesaid Articles of Association, (ii) specific contractual assurance that the protection promised by the Articles of Association will be available to Indemnitee (regardless of, among other things, any amendment to or revocation of the Articles of Association or any change in the composition of the Companys Board of Directors or acquisition transaction relating to the Company), and (iii) an inducement to provide effective services to the Company as a director and/or officer, the Company wishes to provide in this Agreement for the indemnification of and the advancing of expenses to Indemnitee to the fullest extent (whether partial or complete) permitted under law and as set forth in this Agreement, and, to the extent insurance is maintained, to provide for the continued coverage of Indemnitee under the Companys directors and officers liability insurance policies.
            NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the above premises and of Indemnitee continuing to serve the Company directly or, at its request, with another enterprise, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows:
            1.         :
Certain Definitions
            2.         .
Agreement to Indemnify
            3.         . Prior to any Change in Control, the Reviewing Party shall be any appropriate person or body consisting of a member or members of the Board or any other person or body appointed by the Board who is not a party to the particular Proceeding with respect to which Indemnitee is seeking indemnification; after a Change in Control, the Independent Counsel referred to below shall become the Reviewing Party. With respect to all matters arising after a Change in Control (other than a Change in Control approved by a majority of the directors on the Board who were directors immediately prior to such Change in Control) concerning the rights of Indemnitee to indemnity payments and Expense Advances under this Agreement or any other agreement or under applicable law or the Companys Articles of Association now or hereafter in effect relating to indemnification for Indemnifiable Events, the Company shall seek legal advice only from Independent Counsel selected by Indemnitee and approved by the Company (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld), and who has not otherwise performed services for the Company or the Indemnitee (other than in connection with indemnification matters) within the last five years. The Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. Such counsel, among other things, shall render its written opinion to the Company and Indemnitee as to whether and to what extent the Indemnitee should be permitted to be indemnified under applicable law. The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees of the Independent Counsel and to indemnify fully such counsel against any and all expenses (including attorneys fees), claims, liabilities, loss, and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the engagement of Independent Counsel pursuant hereto.
Reviewing Party
            4.         .
Indemnification Process and Appeal
            5.         . The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against any and all Expenses that are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any action brought by Indemnitee for
Indemnification for Expenses Incurred in Enforcing Rights
            6.         .
Notification and Defense of Proceeding
            7.         . In the event of a Change in Control (other than a Change in Control approved by a majority of the directors on the Board who were directors immediately prior to such Change in Control) the Company shall, upon written request by Indemnitee, create a Trust for the benefit of the Indemnitee and from time to time upon written request of Indemnitee shall fund the Trust in an amount sufficient to satisfy any and all Expenses reasonably anticipated at the time of each such request to be incurred in connection with investigating, preparing for, participating in, and/or defending any Proceeding relating to an Indemnifiable Event. The amount or amounts to be deposited in the Trust pursuant to the foregoing funding obligation shall be determined by the Independent Counsel. The terms of the Trust shall provide that (i) the Trust shall not be revoked or the principal thereof invaded without the written consent of the Indemnitee, (ii) the Trustee shall advance, within ten business days of a request by the Indemnitee, any and all Expenses to the Indemnitee (and the Indemnitee hereby agrees to reimburse the Trust under the same circumstances for which the Indemnitee would be required to reimburse the Company under Section 2(c) of this Agreement), (iii) the Trust shall continue to be funded by the Company in accordance with the funding obligation set forth above, (iv) the Trustee shall promptly pay to the Indemnitee all amounts for which the Indemnitee shall be entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise, and (v) all unexpended funds in the Trust shall revert to the Company upon a final determination by the Independent Counsel or a court of competent jurisdiction, as the case may be, that the Indemnitee has been fully indemnified under the terms of this Agreement. The Trustee shall be chosen by the Indemnitee. Nothing in this Section 7 shall relieve the Company of any of its obligations under this Agreement. All income earned on the assets held in the Trust shall be reported as income by the Company for federal, state, local, and foreign tax purposes. The Company shall pay all costs of establishing and maintaining the Trust and shall indemnify the Trustee against any and all expenses (including attorneys fees), claims, liabilities, loss, and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the establishment and maintenance of the Trust.
Establishment of Trust
            8.         . The rights of Indemnitee hereunder shall be in addition to any other rights Indemnitee may have under the Companys Articles of Association, applicable law, or otherwise; provided, however, that this Agreement shall supersede any prior indemnification agreement between the Company and the Indemnitee. To the extent that a change in applicable law (whether by statute or judicial decision) permits greater indemnification than would be afforded currently under the Companys Articles of Association, applicable law, or this Agreement, it is the intent of the parties that Indemnitee enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change.
Non-Exclusivity
            9.         . To the extent the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing general and/or directors and officers liability insurance, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies, in accordance with its or their terms, to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any Company director or officer.
Liability Insurance
            10.       . All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue for so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to, or involved in, any proceeding for which indemnification is provided pursuant to this Agreement.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, no legal action shall be brought and no cause of action shall be asserted by or on behalf of the Company or any Affiliate of the Company against Indemnitee, Indemnitees spouse, heirs, executors, or personal or legal representatives after the expiration of two years from the date of accrual of such cause of action, or such longer period as may be required by Cayman Islands law under the circumstances. Any claim or cause of action of the Company or its Affiliate shall be extinguished and deemed released unless asserted by the timely filing and notice of a legal action within such period; provided, however, that if any shorter period of limitations is otherwise applicable to any such cause of action, the shorter period shall govern.
Continuation of Contractual Indemnity or Period of Limitations
            11.       . No supplement, modification, or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be binding unless in the form of a writing signed by the party against whom enforcement of the waiver is sought, and no such waiver shall operate as a waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar), nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver. Except as specifically provided herein, no failure to exercise or any delay in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall constitute a waiver thereof.
Amendment of this Agreement
            12.       . In the event of payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and shall do everything that may be necessary to secure such rights, including the execution of such documents necessary to enable the Company effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights.
Subrogation
            13.       . The Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee to the extent Indemnitee has otherwise received payment (under any insurance policy, Articles of Association, or otherwise) of the amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder.
No Duplication of Payments
            14.       . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company), assigns, spouses, heirs, and personal and legal representatives. The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise) to all, substantially all, or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. The indemnification provided under this Agreement shall continue as to Indemnitee for any action taken or not taken while serving in an indemnified capacity pertaining to an Indemnifiable Event even though he may have ceased to serve in such capacity at the time of any Proceeding.
Binding Effect
            15.       . If any provision (or portion thereof) of this Agreement shall be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void, or otherwise unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.  Furthermore, to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of this Agreement containing any provision held to be invalid, void, or otherwise unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, void, or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by the provision held invalid, void, or unenforceable.
Severability
            16.       . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of New York applicable to contracts made and to be performed in such State without giving effect to its principles of conflicts of laws.
Governing Law
            17.       . All notices, demands, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be made in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered by hand, against receipt, or mailed, postage prepaid, certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, and addressed to the Company at:
Notices
               ACE Limited                ACE Global Headquarters                17 Woodbourne Avenue                Hamilton HM08 Bermuda                Attention:       General Counsel
and to Indemnitee at:
               INDEMNITEE NAME                ADDRESS 1                ADDRESS 2
Notice of change of address shall be effective only when given in accordance with this Section. All notices complying with this Section shall be deemed to have been received on the date of hand delivery or on the third business day after mailing.
            18.       . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
Counterparts
            IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed and delivered this Agreement as of the day specified above.
                                                                                                ACE LIMITED
                                                                                                By:   ____________________________                                                                                                 Its:   ____________________________
                                                                                                INDEMNITEE
                                                                                                _________________________________                                                                                                 Typed Name:
 
 

ACE Limited 2004 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the "Plan").  The Restricted Stock Award shall be subject to the following Restricted Stock Award Terms:
            The Participant has been granted a Restricted Stock Award by ACE Limited (the "Company") under the
            1.         .  The following words and phrases used in these Restricted Stock Award Terms shall have the meanings set forth in this paragraph 1:
Terms of Award
(a)        The "Participant is the individual recipient of the Restricted Stock Award on the specified Grant Date.
(b)        The "Grant Date" is .
[Insert Date]
(c)        The number of "Covered Shares" shall be that number of shares of Stock awarded to the Participant on the Grant Date as reflected in the corporate records and shown in the Record-Keeping System in the Participants individual account records.
Other words and phrases used in these Restricted Stock Award Terms are defined pursuant to paragraph 9 or elsewhere in these Restricted Stock Award Terms.
            2.         .  Subject to the limitations of These Restricted Stock Award Terms, the "Restricted Period" for each Installment of Covered Shares of the Restricted Stock Award shall begin on the Grant Date and end as described in the following schedule (but only if the Date of Termination has not occurred before end of the Restricted Period):
Restricted Period
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this paragraph 2, if the Change in Control occurs both (i) on or before the Date of Termination and (ii) when the Restricted Period for one or more Installments of Covered Shares has not previously occurred, the Restricted Period for such Installments shall end upon a Change in Control.
.  Except as otherwise determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, the Participant shall forfeit the Installments of the Covered Shares as of the Participant's Date of Termination, if such Date of Termination occurs prior to the end of the Restricted Period which applies to those Installments.  If the Participant's Date of Termination has not occurred prior to the last day of the Restricted Period with respect to any Installment of the Covered Shares, then, at the end of such Restricted Period, that Installment of Covered Shares shall be transferred to the Participant free of all restrictions.
            3.        
Transfer and Forfeiture of Shares
            4.         .  All deliveries and distributions under These Restricted Stock Award Terms are subject to withholding of all applicable taxes.  At the election of the Participant, and subject to such rules and limitations as may be established by the Committee from time to time, such withholding obligations may be satisfied through the surrender of shares of Stock which the Participant already owns, or to which the Participant is otherwise entitled under the Plan; provided, however, that such shares may be used to satisfy not more than the Company's minimum statutory withholding obligation (based on minimum statutory withholding rates for Federal and state tax purposes, including payroll taxes, that are applicable to such supplemental taxable income).
Withholding
            5.         .  Except as otherwise provided by the Committee, the Restricted Stock Award may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledge or otherwise encumbered during the Restricted Period.
Transferability
            6.         .  The Participant shall not be prevented from receiving dividends and distributions paid on the Covered Shares of Restricted Stock merely because those shares are subject to the restrictions imposed by these Restricted Stock Award Terms and the Plan; provided, however that no dividends or distributions shall be payable to or for the benefit of the Participant with respect to record dates for such dividends or distributions for any Covered Shares occurring on or after the date, if any, on which the Participant has forfeited those shares.
Dividends
            7.         .  The Participant shall not be prevented from voting the Restricted Stock Award merely because those shares are subject to the restrictions imposed by these Restricted Stock Award Terms and the Plan; provided, however, that the Participant shall not be entitled to vote Covered Shares with respect to record dates for any Covered Shares occurring on or after the date, if any, on which the Participant has forfeited those shares.
Voting
            8.         .  Each certificate issued in respect of the Covered Shares awarded under these Restricted Stock Award Terms shall be registered in the name of the Participant and shall be deposited in a bank designated by the Committee.
Deposit of Restricted Stock Award
            9.         .  For purposes of these Restricted Stock Award Terms, words and phrases shall be defined as follows:
Definitions
(a)        .  The term "Change in Control" shall be defined as set forth in the Plan.
Change in Control
(b)        .  A Participant's "Date of Termination" means, with respect to an employee, the date on which the Participant's employment with the Company and Related Companies terminates for any reason, and with respect to a Director, the date immediately following the last day on which the Participant serves as a Director; provided that a Date of Termination shall not be deemed to occur by reason of a Participant's transfer of employment between the Company and a Related Company or between two Related Companies; further provided that a Date of Termination shall not be deemed to occur by reason of a Participant's cessation of service as a Director if immediately following such cessation of service the Participant becomes or continues to be employed by the Company or a Related Company, nor by reason of a Participant's termination of employment with the Company or a Related Company if immediately following such termination of employment the Participant becomes or continues to be a Director; and further provided that a Participant's employment shall not be considered terminated while the Participant is on a leave of absence from the Company or a Related Company approved by the Participant's employer.
Date of Termination
(c)        .  The term "Director" means a member of the Board, who may or may not be an employee of the Company or a Related Company.
Director
(d)        .  Except where the context clearly implies or indicates the contrary, a word, term, or phrase used in the Plan is similarly used in these Restricted Stock Terms.
Plan Definitions
            10.       .  These Restricted Stock Terms shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the Company and its successors and assigns, and upon any person acquiring, whether by merger, consolidation, purchase of assets or otherwise, all or substantially all of the Company's assets and business.  If any benefits deliverable to the Participant under these Restricted Stock Terms have not been delivered at the time of the Participant's death, such benefits shall be delivered to the Designated Beneficiary, in accordance with the provisions of these Restricted Stock Terms and the Plan.  The "Designated Beneficiary" shall be the beneficiary or beneficiaries designated by the Participant in a writing filed with the Committee in such form and at such time as the Committee shall require.  If a deceased Participant fails to designate a beneficiary, or if the Designated Beneficiary does not survive the Participant, any rights that would have been exercisable by the Participant and any benefits distributable to the Participant shall be distributed to the legal representative of the estate of the Participant.   If a deceased Participant designates a beneficiary and the Designated Beneficiary survives the Participant but dies before the complete distribution of benefits to the Designated Beneficiary under these Restricted Stock Terms, then any benefits distributable to the Designated Beneficiary shall be distributed to the legal representative of the estate of the Designated Beneficiary.
Heirs and Successors
            11.       .  The authority to manage and control the operation and administration of these Restricted Stock Award Terms shall be vested in the Committee, and the Committee shall have all powers with respect to these Restricted Stock Award Terms as it has with respect to the Plan.  Any interpretation of these Restricted Stock Award Terms by the Committee and any decision made by it with respect to these Restricted Stock Award Terms are final and binding on all persons.
Administration
            12.       .  Notwithstanding anything in these Restricted Stock Award Terms to the contrary, these Restricted Stock Award Terms shall be subject to the terms of the Plan, a copy of which may be obtained by the Participant from the office of the Secretary of the Company; and these Restricted Stock Award Terms are subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations promulgated by the Committee from time to time pursuant to the Plan.  Notwithstanding anything in the Restricted Stock Terms to the contrary, in the event of any discrepancies between the corporate records regarding this award and the Record-Keeping System, the corporate records shall control.
Plan and Corporate Records Govern
            13.       .  The Restricted Stock Award will not confer on the Participant any right with respect to continuance of employment or other service with the Company or any Related Company, nor will it interfere in any way with any right the Company or any Related Company would otherwise have to terminate or modify the terms of such Participant's employment or other service at any time.
Not An Employment Contract
            14.       .  Any written notices provided for in these Restricted Stock Award Terms or the Plan shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficiently given if either hand delivered or if sent by fax or overnight courier, or by postage paid first class mail.  Notices sent by mail shall be deemed received three business days after mailing but in no event later than the date of actual receipt.  Notices shall be directed, if to the Participant, at the Participant's address indicated by the Company's records, or if to the Company, at the Company's principal executive office.
Notices
            15.       .  In lieu of issuing a fraction of a share, resulting from an adjustment of the Restricted Stock Award pursuant to paragraph 5.2(f) of the Plan or otherwise, the Company will be entitled to pay to the Participant an amount equal to the fair market value of such fractional share.
Fractional Shares
            16.       .  These Restricted Stock Award Terms may be amended in accordance with the provisions of the Plan, and may otherwise be amended by written agreement of the Participant and the Company without the consent of any other person.
Amendment
            IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused these presents to be executed in its name and on its behalf, all as of the Grant Date.
 
            ACE LIMITED
 
By:       ______________________________________________________ Its:        ______________________________________________________

ACE Limited 2004 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the "Plan").  The Restricted Stock Unit Award shall be subject to the following Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms:
            The Participant has been granted a Restricted Stock Unit Award by ACE Limited (the "Company") under the
            1.         .  Subject to the following Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms, the Participant has been granted the right to receive shares of Stock of the Company (Units) as of the Delivery Date.  Each Unit represents the right to receive one share of Stock.  The following words and phrases used in these Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms shall have the meanings set forth in this paragraph 1:
Terms of Award
            (a)        The "Participant" is the individual recipient of the Unit Award on the specified Grant Date.
            (b)        The "Grant Date" is .
[Insert the date]
            (c)        The number of "Units" shall be that number of Units awarded to the Participant on the Grant Date as reflected in the corporate records and shown in the Record-Keeping System in the Participants individual account records.
            (d)        The Delivery Date shall be end of the Restricted Period, with respect to the applicable Units.
Other words and phrases used in these Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms are defined pursuant to paragraph 9 or elsewhere in these Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms.
            (e)       
            2.         .  Subject to the limitations of these Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms, the "Restricted Period" for each Installment of Units shall begin on the Grant Date and end as described in the following schedule (but only if the Date of Termination has not occurred before end of the Restricted Period):
Restricted Period
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this paragraph 2, if a Change in Control occurs both (i) on or before the Date of Termination and (ii) when the end of the Restricted Period for one or more Installments of Units has not previously occurred, the Restricted Period for such Installments shall end upon such Change in Control.
.  Except as otherwise determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, the Participant shall forfeit the Units as of the Participant's Date of Termination, if such Date of Termination occurs prior to the end of the Restricted Period which applies to those Installments.  If the Participant's Date of Termination has not occurred prior to the last day of the Restricted Period with respect to any Installment of the Units, then, as soon as administratively practicable following the end of such Restricted Period, that Installment of Units shall be delivered to the Participant in the form of Stock free of all restrictions.
            3.        
Transfer and Forfeiture of Shares
            4.         .  All deliveries and distributions under these Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms are subject to withholding of all applicable taxes.  At the election of the Participant, and subject to such rules and limitations as may be established by the Committee from time to time, such withholding obligations may be satisfied through the surrender of shares of Stock which the Participant already owns, or to which the Participant is otherwise entitled under the Plan.
Withholding
            5.         .  Except as otherwise provided by the Committee, the Restricted Stock Unit Award may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledge or otherwise encumbered during the Restricted Period.
Transferability
            6.         .  The Participant shall be permitted to receive cash payments equal to the dividends and distributions paid on shares of Stock to the same extent as if each Unit was a Share of Stock, and those shares were not subject to the restrictions imposed by this Agreement and the Plan; provided, however, that no dividends or distributions shall be payable to or for the benefit of the Participant with respect to record dates for such dividends or distributions occurring on or after the date, if any, on which the Participant has forfeited the Units.
Dividends
            7.         .  The Participant shall not be a shareholder of record with respect to the Units and shall have no voting rights with respect to the Units during the Restricted Period.
Voting
            8.         .  Prior to the delivery of shares of Stock which are to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement,(a) the Participant shall not be treated as owner of the shares, shall not have any rights as a shareholder as to those shares, and shall have only a contractual right to receive them, unsecured by any assets of the Company or its subsidiaries; and (b) the Participants right to receive such shares will be subject to the adjustment provisions relating to mergers, reorganizations, and similar events set forth in the Plan.
Participants Rights to Shares
            9.         For purposes of these Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms, words and phrases shall be defined as follows:
Definitions
. 
            (a)        .  The term "Change in Control" shall be defined as set forth in the Plan.
Change in Control
            (b)        .  A Participant's "Date of Termination" means, with respect to an employee, the date on which the Participant's employment with the Company and Related Companies terminates for any reason, and with respect to a Director, the date immediately following the last day on which the Participant serves as a Director; provided that a Date of Termination shall not be deemed to occur by reason of a Participant's transfer of employment between the Company and a Related Company or between two Related Companies; further provided that a Date of Termination shall not be deemed to occur by reason of a Participant's cessation of service as a Director if immediately following such cessation of service the Participant becomes or continues to be employed by the Company or a Related Company, nor by reason of a Participant's termination of employment with the Company or a Related Company if immediately following such termination of employment the Participant becomes or continues to be a Director; and further provided that a Participant's employment shall not be considered terminated while the Participant is on a leave of absence from the Company or a Related Company approved by the Participant's employer.
Date of Termination
            (c)        .  The term "Director" means a member of the Board, who may or may not be an employee of the Company or a Related Company.
Director
.  The term Record-Keeping System means the record-keeping system developed and maintained by third parties contracted by the Company to keep records and facilitate Participant interfaces with respect to the Plan and awards granted thereunder.
            (d)       
Record-Keeping System
            10.       .  Except where the context clearly implies or indicates the contrary, a word, term, or phrase used in the Plan is similarly used in these Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms.
Plan Definitions
            11.       .  The Restricted Stock Award Terms shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the Company and its successors and assigns, and upon any person acquiring, whether by merger, consolidation, purchase of assets or otherwise, all or substantially all of the Company's assets and business.  If any benefits deliverable to the Participant under these Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms have not been delivered at the time of the Participant's death, such benefits shall be delivered to the Designated Beneficiary, in accordance with the provisions of these Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms and the Plan.  The "Designated Beneficiary" shall be the beneficiary or beneficiaries designated by the Participant in a writing filed with the Committee in such form and at such time as the Committee shall require.  If a deceased Participant fails to designate a beneficiary, or if the Designated Beneficiary does not survive the Participant, any rights that would have been exercisable by the Participant and any benefits distributable to the Participant shall be distributed to the legal representative of the estate of the Participant.  If a deceased Participant designates a beneficiary and the Designated Beneficiary survives the Participant but dies before the complete distribution of benefits to the Designated Beneficiary under these Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms, then any benefits distributable to the Designated Beneficiary shall be distributed to the legal representative of the estate of the Designated Beneficiary.
Heirs and Successors
            12.       .  The authority to manage and control the operation and administration of these Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms shall be vested in the Committee, and the Committee shall have all powers with respect to these Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms as it has with respect to the Plan.  Any interpretation of these Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms by the Committee and any decision made by it with respect to these Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms are final and binding on all persons.
Administration
            13.       .  Notwithstanding anything in these Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms to the contrary, these Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms shall be subject to the terms of the Plan, a copy of which may be obtained by the Participant from the office of the Secretary of the Company; and these Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms are subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations promulgated by the Committee from time to time pursuant to the Plan.  Notwithstanding anything in the Restricted Stock Unit Terms to the contrary, in the event of any discrepancies between the corporate records regarding this award and the Record-Keeping System, the corporate records shall control.
Plan and Corporate Records Govern
            14.       .  The Restricted Stock Unit Award will not confer on the Participant any right with respect to continuance of employment or other service with the Company or any Related Company, nor will it interfere in any way with any right the Company or any Related Company would otherwise have to terminate or modify the terms of such Participant's employment or other service at any time.
Not An Employment Contract
            15.       .  Any written notices provided for in these Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms or the Plan shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficiently given if either hand delivered or if sent by fax or overnight courier, or by postage paid first class mail.  Notices sent by mail shall be deemed received three business days after mailing but in no event later than the date of actual receipt.  Notices shall be directed, if to the Participant, at the Participant's address indicated by the Company's records, or if to the Company, at the Company's principal executive office.
Notices
            16.       .  In lieu of issuing a fraction of a share, resulting from an adjustment of the Restricted Stock Unit Award pursuant to paragraph 5.2(f) of the Plan or otherwise, the Company will be entitled to pay to the Participant an amount equal to the fair market value of such fractional share.
Fractional Shares
            17.       .  The Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms may be amended in accordance with the provisions of the Plan, and may otherwise be amended by written agreement of the Participant and the Company without the consent of any other person.
Amendment
            IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused these presents to be executed in its name and on its behalf, all as of the Grant Date.
 
                                                                        ACE LIMITED
                                                                        By: _________________________________                                                                         Its:  _________________________________
 

            The Participant has been granted an Option by ACE Limited (the "Company") under the ACE Limited 2004 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the "Plan").   The Option shall be subject to the following Incentive Stock Option Terms (sometimes referred to as the "Option Terms"):
            1.  .  The following words and phrases used in these Option Terms shall have the meanings set forth in this paragraph 1:
Terms of Award
(a)        The "Participant" is the individual recipient of the Restricted Stock Award on the specified Grant Date.
(b)        The "Grant Date" is
[Insert Date].
(c)        The number of "Covered Shares" shall be that number of shares of Stock awarded to the Participant on the Grant Date as reflected in the corporate records and shown in the Record-Keeping System in the Participants individual account records.
(d)        The "Exercise Price" is $ per share.
[Insert Price]
Other words and phrases used in these Option Terms are defined pursuant to paragraph 8 or elsewhere in these Option Terms.
            2.  .  The Option is intended to constitute an "incentive stock option" as that term is used in Code section 422.  To the extent that the aggregate fair market value (determined at the time of grant) of Shares with respect to which incentive stock options are exercisable for the first time by the Participant during any calendar year under all plans of the Company and its Subsidiaries exceeds $100,000, the options or portions thereof which exceed such limit (according to the order in which they were granted) shall be treated as nonstatutory stock options.  It should be understood that there is no assurance that the Option will, in fact, be treated as an incentive stock option.
Incentive Stock Option
            3.  .  Subject to the limitations of these Option Terms, each Installment of Covered Shares of the Option shall be exercisable on and after the Vesting Date for such Installment as described in the following schedule (but only if the Date of Termination has not occurred before the Vesting Date):
Date of Exercise
   
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this paragraph 3, the Option shall become fully vested and exercisable as follows:
(a)        The Option shall become fully exercisable upon the Date of Termination, if the Date of Termination occurs by reason of the Participants death or Disability.
(b)        The Option shall become fully exercisable upon a Change in Control that occurs on or before the Date of Termination.
The Option may be exercised on or after the Date of Termination only as to that portion of the Covered Shares for which it was exercisable (or became exercisable) immediately prior to the Date of Termination.
            4.  .  The Option shall not be exercisable after the Companys close of business on the last business day that occurs prior to the Expiration Date.  The "Expiration Date" shall be the earliest to occur of:
Expiration
(a)        the tenyear anniversary of the Grant Date;
(b)        if the Participant's Date of Termination occurs by reason of death or Disability, the one-year anniversary of such Date of Termination;
(c)        if the Participant's Date of Termination occurs by reason of Retirement, the date on which the Expiration Date would occur if the Participant's Date of Termination occurred on the ten-year anniversary of the Grant Date, or if earlier, the date of the Participant's death; or
(d)        if the Participant's Date of Termination occurs for any reason other than those listed in subparagraph (b) or (c) of this paragraph 4, the three-month anniversary of such Date of Termination.
            5.  .  Subject to these Option Terms and the Plan, the Option may be exercised in whole or in part by filing a written notice (or by such other method as may be provided by the Committee, including but not limited to processes provided in electronic record-keeping systems utilized for management of the Plan) with the Secretary of the Company at its corporate headquarters prior to the Companys close of business on the last business day that occurs prior to the Expiration Date.  Such notice shall specify the number of shares of Stock which the Participant elects to purchase, and shall be accompanied by payment of the Exercise Price for such shares of Stock indicated by the Participants election.  Payment shall be by cash or by check payable to the Company.  Except as otherwise provided by the Committee before the Option is exercised: (i) all or a portion of the Exercise Price may be paid by the Participant by delivery of shares of Stock owned by the Participant and acceptable to the Committee having an aggregate Fair Market Value (valued as of the date of exercise) that is equal to the amount of cash that would otherwise be required; and (ii) the Participant may pay the Exercise Price by authorizing a third party to sell shares of Stock (or a sufficient portion of the shares) acquired upon exercise of the Option and remit to the Company a sufficient portion of the sale proceeds to pay the entire Exercise Price and any tax withholding resulting from such exercise.  The Option shall not be exercisable if and to the extent the Company determines that such exercise would violate applicable state or Federal securities laws or the rules and regulations of any securities
Method of Option Exercise
  
exchange on which the Stock is traded.  If the Company makes such a determination, it shall use all reasonable efforts to obtain compliance with such laws, rules and regulations.  In making any determination hereunder, the Company may rely on the opinion of counsel for the Company.
            6.  .  All deliveries and distributions under these Option Terms are subject to withholding of all applicable taxes.  At the election of the Participant, and subject to such rules and limitations as may be established by the Committee from time to time, such withholding obligations may be satisfied through the surrender of shares of Stock which the Participant already owns, or to which the Participant is otherwise entitled under the Plan; provided, however, that such shares may be used to satisfy not more than the Companys minimum statutory withholding obligation (based on minimum statutory withholding rates for Federal and state tax purposes, including payroll taxes, that are applicable to such supplemental taxable income).
Withholding
            7.  .  Except as otherwise provided by the Committee, the Option is not transferable other than as designated by the Participant by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and during the Participants life, may be exercised only by the Participant.
Transferability
            8.  .  For purposes of these Option Terms, words and phrases shall be defined as follows:
Definitions
(a)        .  The term "Change in Control" shall be defined as set forth in the Plan.
Change in Control
(b)        .  A Participant's "Date of Termination" means, with respect to an employee, the date on which the Participant's employment with the Company and Subsidiaries terminates for any reason, and with respect to a Director, the date immediately following the last day on which the Participant serves as a Director; provided that a Date of Termination shall not be deemed to occur by reason of a Participant's transfer of employment between the Company and a Subsidiary or between two Subsidiaries; further provided that a Date of Termination shall not be deemed to occur by reason of a Participant's cessation of service as a Director if immediately following such cessation of service the Participant becomes or continues to be employed by the Company or a Subsidiary, nor by reason of a Participant's termination of employment with the Company or a Subsidiary if immediately following such termination of employment the Participant becomes or continues to be a Director; and further provided that a Participant's employment shall not be considered terminated while the Participant is on a leave of absence from the Company or a Subsidiary approved by the Participant's employer.
Date of Termination
(c)        .  The term "Director" means a member of the Board, who may or may not be an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary.
Director
(d)        .  The Participant shall be considered to have a "Disability" during the period in which the Participant is unable, by reason of a medically determinable physical or mental impairment, to engage in any substantial gainful activity, which condition, in the opinion of a physician selected by the Committee, is expected to have a duration of not less than 120 days.
Disability
(e)        .  "Retirement" of a Participant shall mean with respect to an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary, the occurrence of a Participant's Date of Termination with the consent of the Participant's employer after the Participant is eligible for early retirement or normal retirement under the ACE Limited Employee Retirement Plan (or any other retirement plan maintained by the Company or the Subsidiaries) and with respect to a Director, the Participant's Date of Termination with the consent of the Company after the Participant would be eligible for retirement under any retirement plan maintained by the Company or a Subsidiary if the Director were an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary; provided, however, that the Committee may impose such additional or alternative conditions or restrictions on Retirement as it determines to be appropriate.
Retirement
(f)         .  Except where the context clearly implies or indicates the contrary, a word, term, or phrase used in the Plan is similarly used in these Option Terms.
Plan Definitions
            9.  .  The Option Terms shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the Company and its successors and assigns, and upon any person acquiring, whether by merger, consolidation, purchase of assets or otherwise, all or substantially all of the Companys assets and business.  If any rights exercisable by the Participant or benefits deliverable to the Participant under these Option Terms have not been exercised or delivered, respectively, at the time of the Participants death, such rights shall be exercisable by the Designated Beneficiary, and such benefits shall be delivered to the Designated Beneficiary, in accordance with the provisions of these Option Terms and the Plan.  The "Designated Beneficiary" shall be the beneficiary or beneficiaries designated by the Participant in a writing filed with the Committee in such form and at such time as the Committee shall require.  If a deceased Participant fails to designate a beneficiary, or if the Designated Beneficiary does not survive the Participant, any rights that would have been exercisable by the Participant and any benefits distributable to the Participant shall be exercised by or distributed to the legal representative of the estate of the Participant.  If a deceased Participant designates a beneficiary and the Designated Beneficiary survives the Participant but dies before the Designated Beneficiarys exercise of all rights under these Option Terms or before the complete distribution of benefits to the Designated Beneficiary under these Option Terms, then any rights that would have been exercisable by the Designated Beneficiary shall be exercised by the legal representative of the estate of the Designated Beneficiary, and any benefits distributable to the Designated Beneficiary shall be distributed to the legal representative of the estate of the Designated Beneficiary.
Heirs and Successors
            10.  .  The authority to manage and control the operation and administration of these Option Terms shall be vested in the Committee, and the Committee shall have all powers with respect to these Option Terms as it has with respect to the Plan.  Any interpretation of the Agreement by the Committee and any decision made by it with respect to the Agreement is final and binding on all persons.
Administration
            11.  .  Notwithstanding anything in these Option Terms to the contrary, these Option Terms shall be subject to the terms of the Plan, a copy of which may be obtained by the Participant from the office of the Secretary of the Company; and these Option Terms are subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations promulgated by the Committee from time to time pursuant to the Plan.  Notwithstanding anything in the Option Terms to the contrary, in the event of any discrepancies between the corporate records regarding this award and the Record-Keeping System, the corporate records shall control.
Plan and Corporate Records Govern
            12.  .  The Option will not confer on the Participant any right with respect to continuance of employment or other service with the Company or any Subsidiary, nor will it interfere in any way with any right the Company or any Subsidiary would otherwise have to terminate or modify the terms of such Participants employment or other service at any time.
Not An Employment Contract
            13.  .  Any written notices provided for in these Option Terms or the Plan shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficiently given if either hand delivered or if sent by fax or overnight courier, or by postage paid first class mail.  Notices sent by mail shall be deemed received three business days after mailing but in no event later than the date of actual receipt.  Notices shall be directed, if to the Participant, at the Participants address indicated by the Companys records, or if to the Company, at the Companys principal executive office.
Notices
            14.  .  In lieu of issuing a fraction of a share upon any exercise of the Option, resulting from an adjustment of the Option pursuant to paragraph 5.2(f) of the Plan or otherwise, the Company will be entitled to pay to the Participant an amount equal to the fair market value of such fractional share.
Fractional Shares
            15.  .  The Participant shall not have any rights of a shareholder with respect to the shares subject to the Option, until a stock certificate has been duly issued following exercise of the Option as provided herein.
No Rights As Shareholder
            16.  .  The Option Terms may be amended in accordance with the provisions of the Plan, and may otherwise be amended by written agreement of the Participant and the Company without the consent of any other person.
Amendment
            IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused these presents to be executed in its name and on its behalf, all as of the Grant Date.
 
            ACE LIMITED
By:       ______________________________________________________ Its:        ______________________________________________________

that such shares may be used to satisfy not more than the Companys minimum statutory withholding obligation (based on minimum statutory withholding rates for Federal and state tax purposes, including payroll taxes, that are applicable to such supplemental taxable income).
            The Participant has been granted an Option by ACE Limited (the "Company") under the ACE Limited 2004 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the "Plan").  The Option shall be subject to the following Non-Qualified Stock Option Terms (sometimes referred to as the "Option Terms"):
            1.   .  The following words and phrases used in these Option Terms shall have the meanings set forth in this paragraph 1:
Terms of Award
(a)        The "Participant" is the individual recipient of the Restricted Stock Award on the specified Grant Date.
(b)        The "Grant Date" is
[Insert Date].
(c)        The number of "Covered Shares" shall be that number of shares of Stock awarded to the Participant on the Grant Date as reflected in the corporate records and shown in the Record-Keeping System in the Participants individual account records.
(d)        The "Exercise Price" is $ per share.
[Insert Price]
Other words and phrases used in these Option Terms are defined pursuant to paragraph 8 or elsewhere in these Option Terms.
            2.  .  The Option is not intended to constitute an "incentive stock option" as that term is used in Code section 422.
NonQualified Stock Option
            3.  .  Subject to the limitations of these Option Terms, each Installment of Covered Shares of the Option shall be exercisable on and after the Vesting Date for such Installment as described in the following schedule (but only if the Date of Termination has not occurred before the Vesting Date):
Date of Exercise
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this paragraph 3, the Option shall become fully vested and exercisable as follows:
(a)        The Option shall become fully exercisable upon the Date of Termination, if the Date of Termination occurs by reason of the Participants death or Disability.
(b)        The Option shall become fully exercisable upon a Change in Control that occurs on or before the Date of Termination.
The Option may be exercised on or after the Date of Termination only as to that portion of the Covered Shares for which it was exercisable (or became exercisable) immediately prior to the Date of Termination.
            4.  .  The Option shall not be exercisable after the Companys close of business on the last business day that occurs prior to the Expiration Date.  The "Expiration Date" shall be the earliest to occur of:
Expiration
(a)        the tenyear anniversary of the Grant Date;
(b)        if the Participant's Date of Termination occurs by reason of death or Disability, the one-year anniversary of such Date of Termination;
(c)        if the Participant's Date of Termination occurs by reason of Retirement, the date on which the Expiration Date would occur if the Participant's Date of Termination occurred on the ten-year anniversary of the Grant Date, or if earlier, the date of the Participant's death; or
(d)        if the Participant's Date of Termination occurs for any reason other than those listed in subparagraph (b) or (c) of this paragraph 4, the three-month anniversary of such Date of Termination.
            5.  .  Subject to these Option Terms and the Plan, the Option may be exercised in whole or in part by filing a written notice (or by such other method as may be provided by the Committee, including but not limited to processes provided in electronic record-keeping systems utilized for management of the Plan) with the Secretary of the Company at its corporate headquarters prior to the Companys close of business on the last business day that occurs prior to the Expiration Date.  Such notice shall specify the number of shares of Stock which the Participant elects to purchase, and shall be accompanied by payment of the Exercise Price for such shares of Stock indicated by the Participants election.  Payment shall be by cash or by check payable to the Company.  Except as otherwise provided by the Committee before the Option is exercised: (i) all or a portion of the Exercise Price may be paid by the Participant by delivery of shares of Stock owned by the Participant and acceptable to the Committee having an aggregate Fair Market Value (valued as of the date of exercise) that is equal to the amount of cash that would otherwise be required; and (ii) the Participant may pay the Exercise Price by authorizing a third party to sell shares of Stock (or a sufficient portion of the shares) acquired upon exercise of the Option and remit to the Company a sufficient portion of the sale proceeds to pay the entire Exercise Price and any tax withholding resulting from such exercise.  The Option shall not be exercisable if and to the extent the Company determines that such exercise would violate applicable state or Federal securities laws or the rules and regulations of any securities exchange on which the Stock is traded.  If the Company makes such a determination, it shall use all reasonable efforts to obtain compliance with such laws, rules and regulations.  In making any determination hereunder, the Company may rely on the opinion of counsel for the Company.
Method of Option Exercise
            6.  .   All deliveries and distributions under these Option Terms are subject to withholding of all applicable taxes.  At the election of the Participant, and subject to such rules and limitations as may be established by the Committee from time to time, such withholding obligations may be satisfied through the surrender of shares of Stock which the Participant already owns, or to which the Participant is otherwise entitled under the Plan; provided, however,
Withholding
            7.  .  Except as otherwise provided by the Committee, the Option is not transferable other than as designated by the Participant by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and during the Participants life, may be exercised only by the Participant.
Transferability
            8.  .  For purposes of these Option Terms, words and phrases shall be defined as follows:
Definitions
(a)        .  The term "Change in Control" shall be defined as set forth in the Plan.
Change in Control
(b)        .  A Participant's "Date of Termination" means, with respect to an employee, the date on which the Participant's employment with the Company and Subsidiaries terminates for any reason, and with respect to a Director, the date immediately following the last day on which the Participant serves as a Director; provided that a Date of Termination shall not be deemed to occur by reason of a Participant's transfer of employment between the Company and a Subsidiary or between two Subsidiaries; further provided that a Date of Termination shall not be deemed to occur by reason of a Participant's cessation of service as a Director if immediately following such cessation of service the Participant becomes or continues to be employed by the Company or a Subsidiary, nor by reason of a Participant's termination of employment with the Company or a Subsidiary if immediately following such termination of employment the Participant becomes or continues to be a Director; and further provided that a Participant's employment shall not be considered terminated while the Participant is on a leave of absence from the Company or a Subsidiary approved by the Participant's employer.
Date of Termination
(c)        .  The term "Director" means a member of the Board, who may or may not be an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary.
Director
(d)        .  The Participant shall be considered to have a "Disability" during the period in which the Participant is unable, by reason of a medically determinable physical or mental impairment, to engage in any substantial gainful activity, which condition, in the opinion of a physician selected by the Committee, is expected to have a duration of not less than 120 days.
Disability
(e)        .  "Retirement" of a Participant shall mean with respect to an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary, the occurrence of a Participant's Date of Termination with the consent of the Participant's employer after the Participant is eligible for early retirement or normal retirement under the ACE Limited Employee Retirement Plan (or any other retirement plan maintained by the Company or the Subsidiaries) and with respect to a Director, the Participant's Date of Termination with the consent of the Company after the Participant would be eligible for retirement under any retirement plan maintained by the Company or a Subsidiary if the Director were an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary; provided, however, that the Committee may impose such additional or alternative conditions or restrictions on Retirement as it determines to be appropriate.
Retirement
(f)         .  Except where the context clearly implies or indicates the contrary, a word, term, or phrase used in the Plan is similarly used in these Option Terms.
Plan Definitions
            9.  .  The Option Terms shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the Company and its successors and assigns, and upon any person acquiring, whether by merger, consolidation, purchase of assets or otherwise, all or substantially all of the Companys assets and business.  If any rights exercisable by the Participant or benefits deliverable to the Participant under these Option Terms have not been exercised or delivered, respectively, at the time of the Participants death, such rights shall be exercisable by the Designated Beneficiary, and such benefits shall be delivered to the Designated Beneficiary, in accordance with the provisions of these Option Terms and the Plan.  The "Designated Beneficiary" shall be the beneficiary or beneficiaries designated by the Participant in a writing filed with the Committee in such form and at such time as the Committee shall require.  If a deceased Participant fails to designate a beneficiary, or if the Designated Beneficiary does not survive the Participant, any rights that would have been exercisable by the Participant and any benefits distributable to the Participant shall be exercised by or distributed to the legal representative of the estate of the Participant.  If a deceased Participant designates a beneficiary and the Designated Beneficiary survives the Participant but dies before the Designated Beneficiarys exercise of all rights under these Option Terms or before the complete distribution of benefits to the Designated Beneficiary under these Option Terms, then any rights that would have been exercisable by the Designated Beneficiary shall be exercised by the legal representative of the estate of the Designated Beneficiary, and any benefits distributable to the Designated Beneficiary shall be distributed to the legal representative of the estate of the Designated Beneficiary.
Heirs and Successors
            10.  .  The authority to manage and control the operation and administration of these Option Terms shall be vested in the Committee, and the Committee shall have all powers with respect to these Option Terms as it has with respect to the Plan.  Any interpretation of the Agreement by the Committee and any decision made by it with respect to the Agreement is final and binding on all persons.
Administration
            11.  .  Notwithstanding anything in these Option Terms to the contrary, these Option Terms shall be subject to the terms of the Plan, a copy of which may be obtained by the Participant from the office of the Secretary of the Company; and these Option Terms are subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations promulgated by the Committee from time to time pursuant to the Plan.  Notwithstanding anything in the Option Terms to the contrary, in the event of any discrepancies between the corporate records regarding this award and the Record-Keeping System, the corporate records shall control.
Plan Governs
            12.  .  The Option will not confer on the Participant any right with respect to continuance of employment or other service with the Company or any Subsidiary, nor will it interfere in any way with any right the Company or any Subsidiary would otherwise have to terminate or modify the terms of such Participants employment or other service at any time.
Not An Employment Contract
            13.  .  Any written notices provided for in these Option Terms or the Plan shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficiently given if either hand delivered or if sent by fax or overnight courier, or by postage paid first class mail.  Notices sent by mail shall be deemed received three business days after mailing but in no event later than the date of actual receipt.  Notices shall be directed, if to the Participant, at the Participants address indicated by the Companys records, or if to the Company, at the Companys principal executive office.
Notices
            14.  .  In lieu of issuing a fraction of a share upon any exercise of the Option, resulting from an adjustment of the Option pursuant to paragraph 5.2(f) of the Plan or otherwise, the Company will be entitled to pay to the Participant an amount equal to the fair market value of such fractional share.
Fractional Shares
            15.  .  The Participant shall not have any rights of a shareholder with respect to the shares subject to the Option, until a stock certificate has been duly issued following exercise of the Option as provided herein.
No Rights As Shareholder
            16.  .  The Option Terms may be amended in accordance with the provisions of the Plan, and may otherwise be amended by written agreement of the Participant and the Company without the consent of any other person.
Amendment
            IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused these presents to be executed in its name and on its behalf, all as of the Grant Date.
            ACE LIMITED
 
By:       ______________________________________________________ Its:        ______________________________________________________


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20040928123401.txt.gz
TIME:20040928123401
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
On September 22, 2004, ACE Limited, ACE Bermuda Insurance Ltd, ACE Tempest Life Reinsurance Ltd., and ACE Tempest Reinsurance Ltd., as account parties (collectively the "Account Parties"), entered into two syndicated letter of credit reimbursement agreements (the "LC Agreements") with the banks named therein, including various issuing banks, and Wachovia Bank, National Association ("Wachovia") as administrative agent. One LC Agreement permits the issuance of up to $850,000,000 of letters of credit on an unsecured basis. The other LC Agreement permits the issuance of up to $500,000,000 of letters of credit on a secured basis, with the collateral consisting of various investment securities owned by one or more of the Account Parties. The LC Agreements replaced the following four letter of credit facilities (which in aggregate permitted up to $1.4 billion of letters of credit): (i) a Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of September 25, 2003, among the Account Parties, the banks and other lenders named therein and Wachovia, as issuing bank and as administrative agent, providing for a $500,000,000 secured letter of credit facility for the benefit of the Account Parties, which would have expired on September 26, 2006, (ii) a Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of September 25, 2003, among the Account Parties, the banks and other lenders named therein and Wachovia, as issuing bank and as administrative agent, providing for a $500,000,000 unsecured letter of credit facility for the benefit of the Account Parties, which would have expired on September 26, 2004, (iii) a $200,000,000 Insurance Letters of Credit  Master Agreement, dated April 20, 1994, between ACE Tempest Reinsurance Ltd. (then known as Tempest Reinsurance Company Limited) and Citibank, N.A., and (iv) a $200,000,000 Insurance and Reinsurance Letters of Credit Agreement, dated November 20, 2003, with Barclays Bank PLC relating to the Lloyd's Dollar Trust Funds of Syndicate 2488, which would have expired on October 29, 2004. Upon the effectiveness of the LC Agreements, all outstanding letters of credit issued under the replaced facilities were deemed to have been issued under the unsecured LC Agreement and the replaced facilities terminated.
 
Letters of credit issued under these agreements are used to satisfy the terms of certain insurance and reinsurance contracts that require providing letters of credit to clients or to satisfy certain U.S. regulatory trust fund requirements. The LC Agreements expire September 22, 2007. Each Account Party guarantees the obligations of other Account Parties under the LC Agreements. Under the secured LC Agreement, the Account Parties pay a commitment fee of 0.10% per annum and a letter of credit fee on the stated amount of each letter of credit at 0.30% per annum. Under the unsecured LC Agreement, the Account Parties pay a commitment fee ranging from 0.06% to 0.15% per annum (depending on ratings) and a letter of credit fee on the stated amount of each letter of credit ranging from 0.30% to 0.625% (depending on ratings and on whether the beneficiary of a letter of credit is an affiliate). In addition to the foregoing fees, the Account Parties pay customary upfront, arrangement and administration fees under each LC Agreement as well as fronting fees and customary administrative charges to the issuer of each letter of credit. Interest is payable on any unreimbursed drawing under either LC Agreement at 2% over the greater of (i) the federal funds rate plus 0.5% or (ii) the prime rate.
 
The terms, conditions and covenants of the new reimbursement agreements are substantially similar to the facilities that were replaced, except that the net worth covenant was updated to conform to the test currently in place under our revolving credit facilities. These agreements contain customary covenants, including covenants limiting liens, substantial assets sales and mergers. Most of these restrictions are subject to certain minimum thresholds and exceptions. The agreements also contain financial covenants that require:
 
 
 
In addition, the agreements provide that the obligations of the banks to issue letters of credit may be terminated, and the obligations of the Company and the other Account Parties thereunder may be accelerated, upon an event of default. Such events include (subject to certain materiality thresholds and grace periods) payment defaults, covenant defaults, material inaccuracy of representations and warranties, bankruptcy and insolvency proceedings, change of control, cross-defaults under other agreements and other customary defaults.
 
 
See Item 1.01 above which is hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
See Item 1.01 above which is hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: September 27, 2004


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20040930210011.txt.gz
TIME:20040930210011
EVENTS:	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
On September 30, 2004, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting the release of the ACE Limited Global Loss Triangles. The press release and the Global Loss Triangles Supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: September 30, 2004
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 
 
 
HAMILTON, Bermuda  September 30, 2004  ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) has published the Company's Global Loss Triangles today, September 30, 2004. Please refer to the ACE Limited website at www.acelimited.com in the Investor Information section under Financial Reports for copies of these documents. ACE's website reference (url) is http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/nys/ace/reports/losstriangles_1.xls (Due to the length of this URL, it may be necessary to copy and paste this hyperlink into your Internet browser's URL address field).
 
This disclosure is fulfilling our previous commitment to provide information on our Global Loss Triangles and has not been triggered by any event or catalyst.
 
ACE will conduct a conference call to discuss this disclosure on Friday, October 1, 2004 at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Daylight Time. The conference call will be available via live and archived audio webcast at www.acelimited.com. Please refer to the ACE Limited website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available until Friday, October 22, 2004. To listen to the replay dial: 1-877-519-4471 (in the United States) or 1-973-341-3080 (international); passcode 5199151.
 
The conference call, webcast and its content thereof, and any tape, broadcast, or publication by ACE Limited, are the sole, copyrighted property of ACE Limited and may not be copied, taped, rebroadcast, or published in whole or in part without the express written consent of ACE Limited.
 
One of the ACE Group of Insurance & Reinsurance Companies
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. A component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, The ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in nearly 50 countries. Additional information can be found at www.acelimited.com.
 
 

Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Global Loss Triangles (GLT) supplement is comprised of the following information:
 
 
 
 
The triangle data are provided in groupings under three of ACE's four SEC reporting segments:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Furthermore, the GLT supplement also contains the following:
 
 
 
 
 
 
The net reserves (case plus IBNR) associated with the GLT can be reconciled back to ACE Limited's December 31, 2003 closing GAAP P&C net reserve balance as follows:
 
 
The triangles are constructed to exclude the effects of shifting exchange rates. Loss and ALAE data denominated in foreign currencies are converted to US dollars at December 2003 exchange rates.
 
As indicated above, certain blocks of loss and ALAE reserves were excluded for the following reasons:
 
1. The paid and reported losses for WTC have been removed from the triangles to avoid projection distortions. The $323 million reserve balance for WTC is consistent with prior disclosures of $650 million net loss less $327 million paid as of December 31, 2003.
 
2. With respect to the Financial Solutions business, traditional actuarial methods such as loss development triangles are inappropriate for evaluating reserves. The book is made up of a relatively small number of large heterogeneous accounts, each account having its own unique terms. As a result, each account is reviewed and reserved for individually.
 
3. ACE sold a majority interest in ACE Capital Re and ACE Guaranty Re via an IPO in early 2004. As a result, on a go-forward basis, these reserves are no longer on ACE's balance sheet. Therefore, these losses were excluded from the GLT.
 
4. To avoid projection distortion, an integrated occurrence from a single insured has been removed from the 1995 and 1996 accident years of the Insurance North American General Liability triangle. The paid amounts as of December 31, 2003 are $77 million in 1995 and $1 million in 1996, while the reported amounts are $80 million and $76 million, respectively.
 
5. Due to the complexity of allocating its net paid and reported data from treaty year to accident year, the ACE Global Markets Property, Energy, and Personal Accident book was excluded from the GLT. However, the GL, Professional Liability, Aviation, and Marine books from accident year 1997 onwards have been included in the Casualty triangles.
 
6. The increases in loss reserves relating to a 2003 commutation have been excluded to avoid distorting the loss history.
 
7. Includes blocks of reserves associated with prior years, or representing reserves for which loss development methods are not appropriate or other items.
 
8. The Global Loss Triangles are presented gross of retroactive reinsurance, which is consistent with the US statutory Schedule P treatment. In general, these treaties tend to distort the net loss history and prevent a useful analysis. ACE does not utilize this type of reinsurance in the normal course of business. The retroactive treaties we have on our books relate to acquisitions made by ACE, and the majority of the expected recoveries relate to accident years 1993 and prior. As we have previously disclosed, $2.375 billion (or 90%) of the total retroactive recoveries relate to the NICO Brandywine cover, which was purchased at the time of ACE's acquisition of the CIGNA P&C business. The remaining amount of $267 million relates to the ACE Westchester acquisition.
 
 
We have actuarial staff in each of our operating segments who track insurance reserves and regularly evaluate the levels of loss reserves, taking into consideration factors that may impact the ultimate loss reserves. This is accomplished not only by employing a variety of actuarial methods, but also by applying judgment to help quantify the impact of these variables.
 
Considerable caution should be used when attempting to analyze reserve adequacy based on aggregated triangles. It is rare that the data is so consistent, homogeneous, and static that a valid analysis is possible without exercising substantial judgement. Results can be distorted by both industry-wide and company-specific factors. Below is a non-exhaustive list of possible pitfalls.
 
Many methods for judging reserve adequacy (e.g. Stanard-Buhlmann, Least Squares) assume that expected loss ratios (ELRs) do not change over time. In fact, ELRs can change substantially from year to year due to many reasons (e.g. change in rates, change in mix of business, etc.). Recently, a hard market has produced higher rates and more restrictive terms and conditions for most lines, which should result in lower ELRs. If these rate changes are not taken into consideration, indicated reserves will most likely be overstated, or stated another way, misleading reserve deficiencies may be indicated. While we consider ACE's actual rate change information to be proprietary, there are a number of public sources that can be used as a proxy to adjust loss ratios to a more appropriate level. These sources include, but are not limited to, the Council of Insurance Agents & Brokers (CIAB) Commercial Insurance Lines survey, Lloyd's of London Premium Rating Index, and Tillinghast-Towers Perrin Directors & Officers Liability Survey.
 
 
 
 
There are a number of valid prospective tests of reserve adequacy that can be performed based on consolidated triangles. One excellent source of information on the various methods is Completing and Using Schedule P by Sholom Feldblum
(1)
. It is strongly recommended that anyone attempting to analyze reserves presented in loss triangles be familiar with the methods detailed in the section entitled "Loss Reserve Adequacy Testing  Prospective Valuation."
 
(1)
Publicly available on the Casualty Actuarial Society's web site at the following address http://www.casact.org/pubs/forum/02fforum/02ff353.pdf
 
 
The triangles are provided by GAAP reporting segment (Insurance North American, Insurance Overseas General, and Global Re) which is consistent with how ACE manages its business on an aggregate basis.
 
Insurance North American Segment
 
The Insurance North American segment covers business written by ACE USA (including business written in other ACE entities but managed by ACE USA), ACE Westchester Specialty, ACE Canada, and ACE Bermuda. A significant portion of ACE Bermuda's exposure is from the US, though a portion does reside in Europe.
 
There are three important points with regards to the "Prior" line. First, the "Prior" line shown here is gross of retroactive reinsurance (NICO treaties). Second, it would be incorrect to apply a single loss development factor to the "Prior" line, as it does not represent a single accident year but the total activity in accident years prior to 1993. Third, nearly all of ACE's Asbestos and Environmental exposure is contained in the "Prior" line of the General Liability triangles. Development factors derived from loss triangles are inappropriate for analysis of this exposure. We will be completing our annual Asbestos review during the 4th quarter.
 
Insurance North American  Workers Compensation
 
The US Statutory Schedule P filings for Workers Compensation (WC) only show a portion of ACE's total WC business. At year end 2000, there was an internal reinsurance transaction between the ACE American Pool and another ACE entity whereby 100% of the outstanding liabilities for the 2000 and prior accident years and 100% of any future development (net of third party reinsurance) was ceded outside the ACE American Pool. The WC triangle contains all the original WC business written by ACE's US based direct operations.
 
ACE USA's WC experience includes both middle market and Fortune 1000 business. The middle market business was predominantly guaranteed cost, while the majority of the Fortune 1000 business varies among retro, guaranteed cost, high deductible, and fronted captive business.
 
Contained in the triangles are a few instances of modest negative case reserves (calculated by taking the difference between the reported and paid at a given development age for a particular accident year). This is typically due to either salvage and subrogation or timing differences associated primarily with ceded reinsurance. For Workers Compensation and other Casualty lines, it will usually be the latter. For Non-Casualty lines, it tends to be the former. In our view, these negative case reserves will not significantly distort an analysis nor detract from the usefulness of the information provided.
 
Insurance North American  General Liability
 
The triangles consist of Primary General Liability, Excess Liability, Professional Liability, and Products Liability. The Primary General Liability and US Excess Liability are written on an occurrence basis and represent the largest part, while the Professional Liability and Bermuda Excess Liability are written on a claims made basis. Over the past three years, ACE USA has grown its General Liability book, while Excess Liability business has been de-emphasized by ACE Bermuda. In addition, given the recent hard market in Professional Liability, each of the four entities has grown its Professional Liability book over the past two years.
 
Furthermore, the underwriting cycle has been particularly pronounced for Professional Liability, with a soft market throughout the late 1990's and into 2001, followed by a rapid hardening in the last three years. These changes in price adequacy should be incorporated into any analysis of reserve levels.
 
ACE Bermuda writes on a "claims first reported" form which means that coverage is triggered when news of a potential claim is received, potentially well in advance of a claim being filed. In addition, Bermuda typically writes at high attachment points, particularly on its Excess Liability book.
 
Finally, in ACE's US statutory Schedule P, Warranty business appears in Other Liability  Occurrence. However, Warranty claims are settled quickly, and case reserves are generally not established. This makes it very different from the other business included in the Other Liability line. Warranty products are multi-year contracts, and rather than establish IBNR reserves for future claims, premium earnings are deferred over the life of the contracts and an unearned premium reserve is held which is reviewed and tested for adequacy (this is consistent with industry practice). Therefore, we have removed data associated with Warranty business from the triangles.
 
Insurance North American  Other Casualty
 
These triangles consist of the non-WC and non-GL long tailed business. The lines included are Auto Liability, Commercial Multi-Peril, Political Risk, Marine, and Aviation Liability. The last two lines are the main components of the Special Liability line in ACE's US Schedule P.
 
Insurance North American  Non-Casualty
 
The vast majority of business in this triangle consists of Property exposures. In addition, there is Auto Physical Damage, Fidelity and Surety, and the "Other" line from ACE's US annual statement, which includes Personal Accident exposure.
 
 
Paid Loss + Paid ALAE Triangle
 
 
 
Paid Loss + Paid ALAE Triangle
 
 
 
Paid Loss + Paid ALAE Triangle
 
 
 
Paid Loss + Paid ALAE Triangle
 
 
 
Insurance Overseas General Segment
 
The Insurance Overseas General segment includes business written by ACE International and ACE Global Markets (AGM). ACE International has four regions, with the majority of the business located in Europe. AGM business is written in the Lloyd's market and is mostly US business. An important reserving consideration is that ACE analyzes its AGM business on a gross underwriting year basis rather than an accident year basis. In order to provide net data on an accident year basis it has been necessary to make a number of assumptions. As a result, any purely mechanical analysis may produce artificially high or low estimates, and some degree of judgment should be used in selecting factors and in the selection of an overall development pattern.
 
Due to the complexity of allocating its net paid and reported data from treaty year to accident year, the ACE Global Markets Property, Energy, and Personal Accident book was excluded from the GLT. However, the GL, Professional Liability, Aviation, and Marine books from accident year 1997 onwards have been included in the Casualty triangles.
 
Insurance Overseas General  Casualty
 
The majority of the exposures consist of General Liability and Professional Liability from both ACE International and AGM. As noted in the Insurance North American discussion, there was a hardening of the Professional Liability market in the last three years, and any analysis should reflect these changes in price adequacy. Also included in this triangle are relatively smaller amounts of Auto Liability, Employers Liability, Marine, Aviation, and Political Risk.
 
Both occurrence and claims made coverages have been written in relatively equal proportions over the last ten years. As with Insurance North American, we did not see any significant distortion in combining occurrence and claims made data.
 
Insurance Overseas General  Non-Casualty
 
These triangles consist entirely of Property and Energy losses. As mentioned above, the AGM Non-Casualty book was excluded.
 
Insurance Overseas General  Personal Accident
 
The Personal Accident business shown here is written entirely by ACE International. As mentioned above, the AGM Personal Accident book was excluded. This is mostly traditional accident business with no health insurance component.
 
 
Paid Loss + Paid ALAE Triangle
 
 
 
Paid Loss + Paid ALAE Triangle
 
 
 
Paid Loss + Paid ALAE Triangle
 
 
 
Global Re Segment
 
The Global Re segment contains the business written by Tempest USA, Tempest Bermuda, and Tempest Europe. Tempest USA writes a North American treaty reinsurance book covering nearly all lines and is sourced through reinsurance brokers. Tempest Bermuda was founded in 1993 and writes catastrophe reinsurance, primarily Property coverages. Tempest Europe writes a worldwide portfolio of Marine, Aviation, Property and Casualty business.
 
Unlike the rest of the triangles, the data for Global Re is presented on a treaty year basis, not on an accident year basis. A feature of treaty year data is that individual treaties can incept at any time during a given treaty year, and therefore, a full treaty year can typically take up to 36 months to fully earn. Since reserves should only be established for the earned portion of the 2003 treaty year, care should be taken not to fully develop the 2003 treaty year and include the unearned portion of that treaty year. Hence, any application of a pure loss development factor method for treaty year 2003 (paid or reported multiplied by a benchmark LDF) will overstate the liability as of December 31, 2003. As an alternative, either an expected loss and/or Bornhuetter-Ferguson approach will help mitigate this issue since the earned premium represents ACE's exposure as of December 31, 2003.
 
Global Re Casualty
 
Given the short history of Global Re in Casualty lines of business, there are only four treaty years of loss and ALAE experience to date, and given the long-tail nature of the business, it is difficult to perform any meaningful analysis, especially with loss development methods. Other methods, such as a pure Expected Loss Ratio or Bornhuetter-Ferguson, would be more appropriate. A good source for loss development factors would be the Reinsurance Association of America (RAA).
 
Global Re Non-Casualty
 
Prior to policy year 2001, all of the loss experience relates to Tempest Bermuda and is therefore all Property Catastrophe related. In the policy years subsequent to 2001, the Property Per Risk and Energy books have grown substantially.
 
 
Paid Loss + Paid ALAE Triangle
 
 
 
Paid Loss + Paid ALAE Triangle
 
 
 
As an insurance and reinsurance company, we are required, under GAAP, to establish loss reserves for the estimated unpaid portion of the ultimate liability for losses and loss expenses under the terms of our policies and agreements with our insured and reinsured customers. These reserves include estimates for both claims that have been reported and those that have been incurred but not reported (IBNR), and include estimates of expenses associated with processing and settling these claims. At December 31, 2003, the unpaid losses and loss expense reserve was $27.1 billion gross of third party reinsurance. Our P&C loss reserves are not discounted. The process of establishing reserves for property and casualty (P&C) claims can be complex and is subject to considerable variability as it requires the use of informed estimates and judgments. These estimates and judgments are based on numerous factors, and may be revised as additional experience and other data become available and are reviewed, as new or improved methodologies are developed or as current laws change.
 
We have actuarial staff in each of our operating segments who track insurance reserves and regularly evaluate the levels of loss reserves, taking into consideration factors that may impact the ultimate loss reserves. The potential for variation in loss reserves is impacted by numerous factors, which we explain below.
 
We estimate loss reserves for all insurance and reinsurance business we write. In most cases, we do not have all the necessary information to determine the ultimate settlement value for a claim at the time we are required to accrue for the loss. As a result, historical experience and other statistical information are used to estimate the ultimate cost of the loss, depending on the type of business. To determine carried reserves for a particular line of business, we may perform one or more reserving methods to estimate ultimate losses and loss expenses and use the results to select a single point estimate. These methods may include, but are not necessarily limited to, extrapolations of our historical reported and paid loss data, application of industry loss development patterns to our reported or paid losses, expected loss ratios developed by management, or historical industry loss ratios.
 
Underlying judgments and assumptions that may be incorporated into these actuarial methods include, but are not necessarily limited to, adjustments to historical data used in models to exclude aberrations in claims data such as catastrophes that are typically analyzed separately, application of tail factors used to project ultimate claims from historical loss experience when there are several data points to use, adjustments to actuarial models and related data for known business changes, such as changes in claims covered under insurance contracts, and the effect of recent or pending litigation on future claim settlements. For each of our lines of business, management, in conjunction with internal actuaries, develop their "best estimate" of ultimate liabilities, which they believe provide a reasonable estimate of the required reserve. We utilize one set of assumptions in determining a single point estimate. We do not calculate a range of loss reserve estimates.
 
The following is a discussion of specific reserving considerations by type of claim:
 
Short-Tail Business, such as Property Coverages
 
Short-tail business describes lines of business for which losses are usually known and paid shortly after the loss actually occurs. This would include, for example, most property, personal accident, aviation hull and automobile physical damage policies that are written.
 
Long-Tail Business, such as Casualty Coverages
 
Long-tail business describes lines of business for which specific losses may not be known for some period and losses take much longer to emerge. This includes most casualty lines such as general liability, directors and officers liability (D&O) and workers compensation. Within our general insurance business, long-tail casualty business has been increasing and for the year ended December 31, 2003 comprises approximately 43 percent of net premiums earned. There are many factors contributing to the uncertainty and volatility of long-tail business. Among these are:
 
 
 
 
 
We establish reserves for the estimated unpaid ultimate liability for losses and loss expenses under the terms of our policies and agreements. These reserves take into account estimates both for claims that have been reported and for IBNR, and include estimates of expenses associated with processing and settling claims.
 
For each of our lines of business, management, in conjunction with internal actuaries, develop a "best estimate" of ultimate liabilities, which they believe provide a reasonable estimate of the required reserve. The following is a discussion of our reserve- setting procedures by segment:
 
Insurance  North American and Insurance  Overseas General
 
Our internal actuaries perform standard actuarial methodologies including paid and incurred loss development and the Bornhuetter-Ferguson (BF) incurred and paid loss methods. The BF method is a blend of an expected loss ratio method and utilization of a pattern consistent with that of a loss development technique. For those lines of business where there is enough historical experience, in general, all four methods are utilized and an ultimate indication is estimated based on the outcomes of these techniques as well as any other methods used for the given line of business (e.g. counts and averages approaches). More reliance would be placed on loss development techniques for the older years as these are more mature and would have more consistent trends. For the more recent years, especially for long-tailed lines of business, a BF method would be given more weight since a loss development method could significantly understate or overstate liabilities. In all cases, additional diagnostics are performed to help in the determination of the most appropriate estimate.
 
These diagnostics include a review of paid loss to incurred loss ratios, claims disposal rates and implied IBNR to case outstanding ratios. In situations where a new line of business is being written or a new product line being sold, an expected loss ratio method would be more appropriate as our own historical loss development information is limited. In these cases, industry benchmark loss ratios and development patterns are utilized to estimate ultimate indications. Given the high severity, low frequency nature of ACE Bermuda's book of business, the actuarial techniques utilized in calculating IBNR is more heavily weighted to an expected loss ratio/BF methodology. There is intense monitoring by claim of potential case reserve development in this business and the interaction between the claims department and actuarial function is a crucial element in the success of this operating unit.
 
Global Reinsurance
 
ACE Global Re's book of business consists of a significant amount of property catastrophe exposure. For this line of business, we develop initial loss estimates for large individual catastrophes based on market share information of potential exposures and the output from catastrophe computer simulation models. Market share analysis uses cedant and industry information at geographic level (e.g. country) and line of business. A range of industry losses is then passed through the relevant market shares to provide a range of losses for the company's exposures, allowing for program attachment points and the appropriate shares of the indemnity limits involved. When actual case reserves from the ceding companies are received, the initial loss estimates are progressively modified to reflect the actual emerging loss experience. Since the subject business is short-tail, most of our historical losses are now reserved on this basis.
 
For the casualty lines of business, similar actuarial techniques are utilized as described above for the Insurance  North American and Insurance  Overseas General segments. However, due to the immaturity of this book of business, more weight is given to the BF method of projections. There is considerable uncertainty around the expected projections for these lines and any favorable trends that may be seen in the development could easily be reversed.
 
The interested reader is referred to ACE's 2003 Form 10-K for additional information on the reserving process.
 
 
Relates to all losses occurring within a given twelve-month period, regardless of when the loss was reported or booked.
Accident year:
 
Estimates unpaid (unreported) losses for a given accident/treaty year based on an expected ultimate and the percentage of losses currently unpaid (unreported).
Bornhuetter-Ferguson method:
 
An insurance form where the date the loss is reported to the insurer is deemed to be the date of the loss event, regardless of when the loss occurred.
Claims made basis:
 
Two or more separate occurrences defined in a policy as a single occurrence. For example, a number of individual lawsuits arising over several years from a single faulty product might be defined as one occurrence under policy language.
Integrated occurrence:
 
An insurance form where the date the loss occurred is deemed to be the date of the loss event, regardless of when the claim is reported to the insurer.
Occurrence basis:
 
An arrangement whereby a reinsurer assumes liability incurred as a result of past events (i.e. a loss portfolio transfer).
Retroactive reinsurance:
 
Relates to all losses associated with policies that incepted within a given twelve-month period.
Treaty year:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20041013162520.txt.gz
TIME:20041013162520
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition
 
On October 12, 2004, ACE Limited issued a press release commenting on impact of catastrophe losses for the third quarter. The press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is hereby incorporated by reference.
 
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: October 13, 2004
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 
 
HAMILTON, Bermuda  October 12, 2004  ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) announced today that it estimates total net catastrophe-related charges during the third quarter across the entire ACE Group of Companies will be approximately $480 million pre-tax. This total includes the previously announced loss estimate of approximately $100 million from Hurricane Charley, as well as loss estimates from Hurricanes Frances, Ivan and Jeanne, which struck the Caribbean and the United States in the months of August and September, and typhoons Songda, Chaba and Meari, which impacted Asia during the quarter.
 
The Company estimates that it will record an after-tax charge of approximately $400 million in the third quarter. In previous guidance, the Company expected the annual P&C combined ratio to be between 88% and 90%, and the consolidated effective tax rate to be between 21% and 23%. The Company now believes the combined ratio will be between 93% and 94%, and the consolidated effective tax rate will be between 24% and 26%.
 
ACE will report third quarter financial results on the evening of Tuesday, October 26, 2004 and will provide additional details about the CAT losses during our earnings conference call on Wednesday, October 27, 2004.
 
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. A component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, The ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in approximately 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: www.acelimited.com.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:
 
Any forward-looking statements made in this press release reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. Among other things, these forward-looking statements could be affected by the number of insureds and ceding companies affected by the hurricanes, typhoons and other catastrophes, the amount and timing of losses actually incurred and reported by insureds and reinsureds, the preliminary nature of reports and estimates of loss to date, the impact of these catastrophes on the Company's reinsurers and other funds for the payment of claims, and the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverables actually received. In addition, the forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, new theories of liability, judicial and legislative developments, litigation tactics, actual market developments, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to all of these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20041026191342.txt.gz
TIME:20041026191342
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02. Results of Operations and Financial Condition
 
On October 26, 2004, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its third quarter 2004 results and the availability of its third quarter financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
Item 9.01. Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: October 26, 2004
 

EXHIBIT 99.1
 
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 
 
 ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported a net loss for the third quarter ended September 30, 2004 of $3 million or $(0.05) per common share after payment of preferred dividends, compared with net income of $355 million or $1.22 per share for the same quarter last year. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) for the third quarter was $31 million, or $0.07 per share, compared with $304 million or $1.04 per share for the same quarter of last year.
HAMILTON, Bermuda, October 26, 2004
(1)
The catastrophe losses from hurricanes and typhoons resulted in an after-tax charge of $406 million for the quarter or $1.42 per share compared with after-tax net catastrophe losses of $35 million or $0.12 per share in the third quarter of 2003. The combined ratio was 105.2%. If catastrophe losses were excluded the combined ratio would be 88.1%, a 1.5 point improvement over the comparable quarter in 2003.
 
 
 
Net income for the first nine months of 2004 decreased 12 percent to $857 million or $2.88 per share, compared with $973 million or $3.46 per share in the first nine months of 2003. For the first nine months of
 
Page 1 of 7
2004, income excluding net realized gains decreased 5 percent to $822 million or $2.76 per share, compared with $869 million or $3.08 per share in the same period of 2003. After-tax net catastrophe losses for the first nine months of 2004 were $406 million or $1.42 per share, compared with $70 million or $0.25 per share in the same period of 2003. The combined ratio for the nine months was 93.8%. Excluding catastrophe losses the combined ratio would have been 87.9% for the period. Annualized return on equity for the nine month period was 12.2%.
(2)
 
 
 
Evan Greenberg, President and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "Our income for the quarter was significantly impacted by an unprecedented series of large natural catastrophe events which overshadowed an otherwise strong quarter in terms of revenue, earnings and book value growth. Our claims organization and internal risk management systems were put to the test this quarter, and I am pleased to say that ACE came through with flying colors."
 
Other third quarter operating highlights were as follows:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 2/7
Financial results excluding catastrophe losses for the third quarter improved over the prior year's results for our P&C business segments. Further details are available in the financial supplement. Key items include:
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance industry investigation and related matters
 
ACE has received subpoenas from the office of the New York Attorney General (the "NYAG") in connection with an investigation of certain insurance industry practices. On October 14, 2004, the NYAG filed a civil suit against Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. alleging that certain Marsh business practices were fraudulent and violated antitrust and securities laws. ACE was not named as a defendant in the suit, although ACE was named as one of four insurance companies whose employees participated in the challenged practices. In addition, an underwriter in an ACE insurance subsidiary has pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor based on these practices. ACE is cooperating and will continue to cooperate with the NYAG.
 
ACE is conducting its own internal investigation into the subjects raised by the Attorney General. It is being conducted by a team from the firm of Debevoise and Plimpton. The team is headed by former United States Attorney Mary Jo White. The team reports to management and directly to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.
 
ACE understands that several purported shareholder class action lawsuits have been filed against ACE and certain of its present and former executive officers relating to certain of the practices being investigated by the NYAG. To date, ACE has not been served in any of these actions.
 
While ACE is not a party to any action brought by the NYAG or any other governmental authority, there can be no assurance that ACE will not be named in future actions. ACE cannot at this time estimate its potential costs related to these matters and accordingly no liability is being established at this time. In the opinion of ACE's management, ACE's ultimate liability for these matters is not likely to have a material adverse effect on ACE's consolidated financial condition, although it is possible that the effect would be material to ACE's consolidated results of operations for an individual reporting period.
 
Please refer to the ACE Financial Supplement September 30, 2004, which is posted on the Company's website, for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, catastrophe loss charges by segment, investment portfolio and capital structure. ACE's website reference (url) is . (Due to the length of this URL, it may be necessary to copy and paste this hyperlink into your Internet browser's URL address field.)
http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/nys/ace/reports/fin_supp_september_30_2004.xls
 
ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) will host its third quarter 2004 earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday, October 27, 2004 beginning at 8:30 a.m. EDT. The call is available via live and archived webcast at . Please refer to our website in "Investor Information, Calendar of Events" for details.
www.acelimited.com
 
If you are unable to listen to the live webcast, a replay of the call will be available from approximately 11:30 a.m. EDT on Wednesday, October 27, 2004 until Tuesday, November 30, 2004. To listen to the replay, dial: 1-877-519-4471 (in the United States) or 1-973-341-3080 (international); passcode 5224481.
 
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. A component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, The ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in approximately 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acelimited.com
 
Page 3/7
 
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:
 
Any forward-looking statements made in this press release reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, new theories of liability, judicial and legislative developments, litigation tactics, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, actual market developments, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
Page 4/7
 
 
Page5/7
 
 
Ratios exclude life reinsurance business
 
Page 6/7
 
 
 
Page 7/7

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(1) See page 29 Non-GAAP Financial Measures.
 
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance - Property & Casualty
 
 
 
 
Financial Services
 
 
 
Sale of Assured Guaranty Ltd.
 
On April 28, 2004, the Company completed the sale of 65.3 percent of its financial and mortgage guaranty reinsurance and insurance businesses (transferred business) through the initial public offering (IPO) of 49 million common shares of Assured Guaranty Ltd. (Assured Guaranty) at $18.00 per share. Assured Guaranty was incorporated in Bermuda in August 2003 for the sole purpose of becoming a holding company for the transferred business.
 
Pursuant to the completion of the IPO on April 28, 2004, the Company received proceeds, net of related offering costs, of approximately $835 million. The transaction resulted in a pre-tax loss of $6.7 million, that reduces net realized gains in the consolidated income statement, and an after-tax loss of $18.1 million, which consists of the following:
 
 
A description of each component of the loss is as follows:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
 
Reinsurance Recoverable for Active Operations
 
 
At June 30, 2004, $7.3 billion of the active operations' recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 84.0% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by nationally recognized rating agencies. The Company held collateral of $2.7 billion, of which $1.5 billion was matched and usable against existing recoverables.
 
 
 
Consolidated Reinsurance Recoverable
 
 
At June 30, 2004, $11.3 billion of consolidated recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 88% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by nationally recognized rating agencies.
 
 
 
Detail on Reinsurance Recoverable on Paid Losses and Loss Expenses
 
 
 
 
 
Investment portfolio
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
 
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations; however, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of book value per share to diluted book value per ordinary share is provided on page 30.
 
In presenting our segment operating results we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, life and annuity benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses).
 
The following non-GAAP measure is a common performance measurement and is defined as income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) on investments and the tax benefit (expense) on net realized gains (losses) on investments. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) on investments because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part, according to the availability of market opportunities. We believe these amounts are largely independent of our business and including them would distort the analysis of trends. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Ordinary Share to Diluted Book Value per Ordinary Share
 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 
 
 
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) less perpetual preferred securities and mezzanine equity dividends divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity for the period. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio for the property and casualty and financial services operations. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity and net proceeds from assumed conversions of outstanding in-the-money options divided by the sum of shares outstanding and the number of options assumed issued.
Diluted book value per ordinary share:
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity and net proceeds from assumed conversions of outstanding in-the-money options less goodwill divided by the sum of shares outstanding and the number of options assumed issued.
Diluted tangible book value per ordinary share:
 
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses).
Effective tax rate:
 
Unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity.
FAS 115:
 
Net premium earned and net investment income less future policy benefits, acquisition costs and administrative expenses.
Life underwriting income:
 
Not meaningful.
NM:
 
Shareholders' equity less perpetual preferred shares.
Ordinary shareholders' equity:
 
Property and casualty.
P & C:
 
Loss and loss expense ratios, policy acquisition cost ratios and administrative expense ratios excluding life reinsurance business and financial services segment. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Property and casualty combined ratios:
 
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) less perpetual preferred securities and mezzanine equity dividends divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity.
Return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
Shareholders' equity less goodwill.
Tangible equity:
 
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, mezzanine equity, perpetual preferred shares and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 
Year to date.
YTD:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20041129140830.txt.gz
TIME:20041129140830
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
Item 1.01 Entry into Material Definitive Agreements.
 
On November 15, 2004, ACE Limited as Account Party and ACE Bermuda Insurance Ltd. and ACE Tempest Reinsurance Ltd., as guarantors, entered into a syndicated letter of credit agreement (the "replacement LC Agreement") effective November 26, 2004, with the banks named therein, including various issuing banks, and Citibank Global Markets Limited and Barclays Capital as lead arrangers. The replacement LC Agreement permits the issuance of up to 380,000,000 of letters of credit on an unsecured basis for use as Funds at Lloyd's. The replacement LC Agreement supersedes the existing Funds at Lloyd's letter of credit agreement (the "existing LC Agreement") dated November 14, 2003, among ACE Limited as Account Party, and ACE Bermuda Insurance Ltd. and ACE Tempest Reinsurance Ltd., as guarantors, the banks and other lenders named therein including various issuing banks, and Citibank Global Markets Limited and Barclays Capital as lead arrangers. The existing LC Agreement provides for the issuance of up to 380,000,000 of letters of credit on an unsecured basis. Substitute letters of credit will be issued to Lloyd's on November 26, 2004, at which time the existing letters of credit will be returned by Lloyd's and cancelled.
 
The letters of credit issued under the replacement LC Agreement will be used to satisfy Syndicate 2488's Funds at Lloyd's requirements for the 2005 and 2006 years of underwriting and will expire no earlier than December 31, 2009. Under the replacement LC Agreement, the Account Party pays a utilization fee of 0.65% per annum (depending on ratings). In addition to the foregoing fees, the Account Party pays customary upfront, arrangement and administration fees as well as customary administrative charges to the issuer of each letter of credit.
 
The terms, conditions and covenants of the replacement LC Agreement are substantially similar to the existing LC Agreement, except that the net worth covenant was updated to conform to the test currently in place under our revolving credit facilities. The replacement LC Agreement contains customary covenants, including covenants limiting liens, substantial assets sales and mergers. Most of these restrictions are subject to certain minimum thresholds and exceptions. The replacement LC Agreement also contains financial covenants that require:
 
(i) maintenance of a minimum consolidated net worth of not less than $6.0 billion (subject to a reset provision on the last day of each fiscal year) plus 25 percent of cumulative net income since December 31, 2003, plus 50 percent of net proceeds of any issuance of equity interests subsequent to December 31, 2003; and
 
(ii) maintenance of a maximum debt to total capitalization ratio of not greater than 0.35 to 1. Under this covenant, debt does not include trust preferred securities or mezzanine equity, except where the ratio of the sum of trust preferred securities and mezzanine equity to total capitalization is greater than 15 percent. In this circumstance, the amount greater than 15 percent would be included in the debt to total capitalization ratio.
 
In addition, the replacement LC Agreement provides that the obligations of the banks to issue letters of credit may be terminated, and the obligations of the Company and the other Account Party thereunder may be accelerated, upon an event of default. Such events include (subject to certain materiality thresholds and grace periods) payment defaults, covenant defaults, material inaccuracy of representations and warranties, bankruptcy and insolvency proceedings, change of control, cross-defaults under other agreements and other customary defaults.
 
Item 1.02 Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
 
See Item 1.01 above which is hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.
 
See Item 1.01 above which is hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: November 29, 2004


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20050106060813.txt.gz
TIME:20050106060813
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition
 
On January 6, 2005, ACE Limited issued a press release announcing that the Company will strengthen asbestos, environmental and other run-off reserves and record a $298 million net after-tax charge to fourth quarter earnings. The press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is hereby incorporated by reference and shall be deemed filed.
 
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: January 6, 2005
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 
 
 
 
HAMILTON, Bermuda  January 6, 2005  ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) reported today that it will strengthen its asbestos, environmental and other run-off reserves and incur a related net, after-tax charge to earnings of $298 million ($1.05 per share) in the fourth quarter of 2004. The charge comprises $279 million relating to the Brandywine operation and $19 million relating to the ACE Westchester Specialty unit. It includes a bad debt provision of $95 million and a tax benefit of $161 million. ACE said that the reserve increase relating to Brandywine is $788 million gross and $339 million net of reinsurance and before tax. For Westchester, the reserve increase is $200 million gross and $25 million net of reinsurance and before tax. The majority of the Westchester gross losses are covered under a reinsurance agreement with National Indemnity Co. This action follows an extensive, ground-up internal review, as well as a regular biennial reserve review by an independent actuarial consulting firm of its Brandywine operations required by the Pennsylvania Insurance Department as a condition of the 1996 Brandywine re-structuring order.
 
"This reserve strengthening continues our practice of periodically reviewing our A&E reserves from the ground up," said Evan G. Greenberg, President and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited. "While our reserving policy does not assume any favorable development in the judicial or legislative environment regarding our asbestos liabilities, we continue to work with other companies inside and outside of the insurance industry on ways to resolve the asbestos crisis that plagues American businesses."
 
One of the ACE Group of Insurance & Reinsurance Companies
ACE also announced today that it has agreed to sell ACE American Reinsurance Company, Brandywine Reinsurance Co. (UK) Ltd. and Brandywine Reinsurance Company S.A.-N.V. to Randall & Quilter Investment Holdings Limited, an international insurance firm. The sale, which is subject to approval by the Pennsylvania Insurance Department and the U.K. Financial Services Authority, is expected to close in the first half of 2005.
 
Mr. Greenberg continued, "This sale is an important step in our strategy to resolve our asbestos exposures responsibly and to achieve the certainty intended by the 1996 reorganization."
 
As a result of the reserve charge referred to above, which will have a $1.05 impact on earnings per share, guidance for the full year 2004 has been revised as follows:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE also provided the following guidance for the full year 2005:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 2/3
ACE will host a conference call and webcast on Thursday, January 6, 2005 beginning at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Standard Time The call will be available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 888-889-5602 (in the United States) or 973-582-2734 (international). Please refer to our website in "Investor Information, Calendar of Events" for details.
.
www.acelimited.com
 
A replay of the conference call will be available from approximately 11:00 a.m. Eastern Standard Time on Thursday, January 6, 2005 until Tuesday, February 1, 2005. To listen to the replay, dial: 877-519-4471 (in the United States) or 973-341-3080 (international); passcode 5522144.
 
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, a component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, The ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in approximately 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acelimited.com
 
:
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
 
Any forward-looking statements made in this presentation reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements concerning the sufficiency of its asbestos reserves is subject to a number of potential adverse developments including, among others, the willingness of parties, including the Company, to settle disputes, the impact of aggregate policy coverage limits, the impact of bankruptcies of various asbestos producers and related businesses, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative and other governmental developments and litigation tactics. The Company's forward-looking statements with respect to the sale of run-off subsidiaries could be affected by regulatory approval and satisfaction of closing conditions. The Company's forward-looking statements could also be affected, by competition, changes in demand, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving and settlement processes, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverables, actual market developments, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
Page 3/3


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20050111121637.txt.gz
TIME:20050111121637
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
Item 1.01 Entry into Material Definitive Agreements.
 
Century Indemnity Company (""), ACE INA International Holdings, Ltd. ("") and Randall & Quilter Investment Holdings Limited ("") entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 5, 2005 (the "").
Century
AII
Purchaser
Stock Purchase Agreement
 
Century is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Brandywine Holdings Corporation, all shares of which are indirectly owned by ACE INA Holdings Inc. ACE Limited directly holds 20% of the issued and outstanding shares of ACE INA Holdings Inc. and controls the remaining 80% through its sole ownership of ACE Prime Holdings Inc.
 
The Stock Purchase Agreement provides for the sale of shares of the following affiliates of ACE Limited to Purchaser: all issued and outstanding shares of ACE American Reinsurance Company, a property and casualty insurance company domiciled in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (""), which are held by Century; all issued and outstanding shares of Brandywine Reinsurance Company S.A.N.V., a Belgian insurance company (""), which are held by Century and AARe, respectively; and all issued and outstanding shares of Brandywine Reinsurance Company (UK) Ltd., a UK insurance company (""), which are held by AII (collectively, the ""). The aggregate purchase price for the Sale of these companies consists of $3 in cash, plus two Preference Shares to be issued by the Purchaser. The parties will also make certain contributions to the capital of the AARe, SANV and BRUK at Closing.
AARe
SANV
BRUK
Sale
 
The commutation or novation (to parties that are affiliates of ACE Limited) of certain reinsurance agreements between or among AARe, BRUK and SANV, on the one hand, and other affiliates of ACE Limited, on the other hand, is a condition to the closing of the Sale. The Sale is subject to the satisfaction of certain additional closing conditions, including without limitation the obtaining of all necessary consents and approvals from third parties, including the Pennsylvania Insurance Department and the Financial Services Authority of the United Kingdom.
 
The Sale is expected to close in the first half of 2005.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: January 11, 2005


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20050202215958.txt.gz
TIME:20050202215958
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On February 2, 2005, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its fourth quarter 2004 results and the availability of its fourth quarter financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: February 2, 2005
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
News
Release
 
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 
 
 ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported net income for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2004 of $282 million or $0.94 per common share after payment of preferred dividends, compared with net income of $444 million or $1.53 per share for the same quarter last year. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) for the fourth quarter was $166 million, or $0.54 per share, compared with $328 million or $1.12 per share for the same quarter of last year.
HAMILTON, Bermuda, February 2, 2005
(1)
The asbestos, environmental and other run-off (A&E) losses resulted in an after-tax charge of $302 million for the quarter or $1.06 per share. The combined ratio for the quarter was 104.0%. Excluding A&E losses, the combined ratio would be 87.7%, a 4.2 point improvement over the comparable quarter in 2003.
(1)
 
 
 
Net income for the year decreased 20 percent to $1.1 billion or $3.83 per share, compared with $1.4 billion or $5.01 per share in 2003. For 2004, income excluding net realized gains (losses) decreased 17 percent to $1.0 billion or $3.30 per share, compared with $1.2 billion or $4.21 per share in 2003. Record industry catastrophe losses resulted in an after-tax net loss of $437 million or $1.53 per share, compared with $105 million or $0.38 per share in 2003. The combined ratio for the year was 96.6%.
 
 
 
 
Evan Greenberg, President and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "The strength of our organization was demonstrated in 2004. Despite record natural catastrophes around the world, and a fourth quarter reserve charge to our run-off operations, we produced a combined ratio of 96.6%. Our P&C premium growth exceeded 20%, and our investment income and book value grew to record levels while we substantially added to our loss reserve position. We are entering 2005 with a strong balance sheet, and we are well positioned throughout the world to continue our growth in earnings and book value."
 
Other 2004 operating highlights were as follows:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial results by business segment follow. Further details are available in the financial supplement. Key items include:
 
 
 
 
 
Please refer to the ACE Financial Supplement December 31, 2004, which is posted on the Company's website, for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, catastrophe loss charges by segment, investment portfolio and capital structure. ACE's website reference (url) is (Due to the length of this URL, it may be necessary to copy and paste this hyperlink into your Internet browser's URL address field.)
http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/nys/ace/reports/fin_supp_december_31_2004.xls.
 
ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) will host its fourth quarter year-end earnings conference call and webcast on Thursday, February 3, 2005 beginning at 8:30 a.m. EST. The call is available via live and archived webcast at . Please refer to our website in "Investor Information, Calendar of Events" for details.
www.acelimited.com
 
If you are unable to listen to the live webcast, a replay of the call will be available from approximately 11:30 a.m. EST on Thursday, February 3, 2005 until Thursday, March 3, 2005. To listen to the replay, dial: 1-877-519-4471 (in the United States) or 1-973-341-3080 (international); passcode 5527078.
 
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. A component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, The ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in approximately 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acelimited.com
Non-GAAP Financial Measures:
1
and the tax effect of net realized gains (losses) is a common performance measurement. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities.
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses)
is calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, life and annuity benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting income and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including net investment income, other (income) expense, interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses). We believe the use of these measures enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
Underwriting income
is presented because those losses are deemed to be significant to the quarter and the year end. The separate presentation is useful to understand the impact of these factors on our financial results and how management evaluates the Company's financial performance.
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses), A&E and catastrophe losses
These measures should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
Calculated using income excluding net realized gains (losses).
2
 
Diluted book value per ordinary share is ordinary shareholders' equity and net proceeds from assumed conversions of outstanding in-the-money options divided by the sum of shares outstanding and the number of options assumed issued.
3
 
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:
 
Any forward-looking statements made in this press release reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative and other governmental developments, litigation tactics, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, actual market developments, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ratios exclude life reinsurance business
 
 
 
 
* Includes both property and casualty reinsurance and life reinsurance
 

 
 
 
Investor Contact
 
Helen M. Wilson
Phone: (441) 299-9283
Fax: (441) 292-8675
email: investorrelations@ace.bm
 
This report is for informational purposes only. It should be read in conjuction with documents filed by ACE Limited with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q.
 
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:
 
Any forward-looking statements made in this financial supplement reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements concerning exposures, reserves and recoverables could be affected by the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience which differs from the Company's assumptions, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative and other governmental developments, litigation tactics, and credit developments among reinsurers and the Company's forward-looking statements concerning taxes could be affected by changes in tax laws and regulations. Other factors that could affect forward-looking statements are identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003, the Company's quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and in the Company's earnings press release, which are available on the Company's website.
 
Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance - Property & Casualty
 
 
 
Financial Services
 
 
 
 
 
Sale of Assured Guaranty Ltd.
 
On April 28, 2004, the Company completed the sale of 65.3 percent of its financial and mortgage guaranty reinsurance and insurance businesses (transferred business) through the initial public offering (IPO) of 49 million common shares of Assured Guaranty Ltd. (Assured Guaranty) at $18.00 per share. Assured Guaranty was incorporated in Bermuda in August 2003 for the sole purpose of becoming a holding company for the transferred business.
 
Pursuant to the completion of the IPO on April 28, 2004, the Company received proceeds, net of related offering costs, of approximately $835 million. Also, in the fourth quarter of 2004 the Company accrued $5.4 million in realized gains on sale related to the 338(h)(10) tax election entered into with Assured Guaranty as part of the IPO transaction. The transaction resulted in a pre-tax loss of $1.3 million, that reduces net realized gains in the consolidated income statement, and an after-tax loss of $14.6 million, which consists of the following:
 
 
A description of each component of the loss is as follows:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reinsurance Recoverable for Active Operations
 
 
At September 30, 2004, $7.2 billion of the active operations' recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 83.7% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies. The Company held collateral of $2.6 billion, of which $1.6 billion was matched and usable against existing recoverables.
 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Reinsurance Recoverable
 
 
At September 30, 2004, $11.0 billion of consolidated recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 87.7% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies.
 
 
 
 
 
Detail on Reinsurance Recoverable on Paid Losses and Loss Expenses
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investment portfolio
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
 
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations; however, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of book value per share to diluted book value per ordinary share is provided on page 27.
 
In presenting our segment operating results we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, life and annuity benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses).
 
The following non-GAAP measure is a common performance measurement and is defined as income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) on investments and the tax benefit (expense) on net realized gains (losses) on investments. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) on investments because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part, according to the availability of market opportunities. We believe these amounts are largely independent of our business and including them would distort the analysis of trends. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Ordinary Share to Diluted Book Value per Ordinary Share
 
 
 
 
 
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) less perpetual preferred securities and mezzanine equity dividends divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity for the period. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio for the property and casualty and financial services operations. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity and net proceeds from assumed conversions of outstanding in-the-money options divided by the sum of shares outstanding and the number of options assumed issued.
Diluted book value per ordinary share:
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity and net proceeds from assumed conversions of outstanding in-the-money options less goodwill divided by the sum of shares outstanding and the number of options assumed issued.
Diluted tangible book value per ordinary share:
 
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses).
Effective tax rate:
 
Unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity.
FAS 115:
 
Net premium earned and net investment income less future policy benefits, acquisition costs and administrative expenses.
Life underwriting income:
 
Not meaningful.
NM:
 
Shareholders' equity less perpetual preferred shares.
Ordinary shareholders' equity:
 
Property and casualty.
P & C:
 
Loss and loss expense ratios, policy acquisition cost ratios and administrative expense ratios excluding life reinsurance business and financial services segment. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Property and casualty combined ratios:
 
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) less perpetual preferred securities and mezzanine equity dividends divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity.
Return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
Shareholders' equity less goodwill.
Tangible equity:
 
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, mezzanine equity, perpetual preferred shares and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 
Year to date.
YTD:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20050301161441.txt.gz
TIME:20050301161441
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
Item 5.02
Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
.
 
Walter Scott, retired Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Dominic Frederico, former President and Chief Operating Officer of ACE Limited have announced that they will not stand for re-election as directors of ACE Limited at the Annual General Meeting and will leave the Board of Directors of ACE Limited upon the completion of their term of service on May 26, 2005. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee was informed of this decision at its February 23, 2005 meeting. A press release was issued on February 28, 2005 with respect to Mr. Scott's and Mr. Frederico's decision and is attached hereto as an exhibit and is incorporated herein by reference. Mr. Scott is a member of the Finance and Investment Committee and Mr. Frederico is a member of the Finance and Investment Committee and the Executive Committee of ACE Limited.
 
Item 9.01 Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits.
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: March 1, 2005

Exhibit 99.1
 
Two Former Executives Of ACE Limited Will Not Stand For
Re-Election To The Board Of Directors
HAMILTON, Bermuda, February 28, 2005
 
HAMILTON, Bermuda  February 28, 2005  Walter Scott, retired Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Dominic Frederico, former President and Chief Operating Officer of ACE Limited have announced that they will not stand for re-election at the Annual General Meeting and will leave the Board of Directors of ACE Limited upon the completion of their term of service on May 26, 2005.
 
Walter Scott served as the second President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited from 1989 to 1994. He managed ACE through a series of challenges and opportunities and presided over many landmark developments in the history of ACE, most notably the initial public offering of ACE Limited shares and the acquisition of Corporate Officers & Directors Assurance Ltd. (CODA). He was succeeded by Brian Duperreault, who credited Mr. Scott with providing him with a sound foundation upon which to build the global insurance group that constitutes today's ACE Limited. Mr. Duperreault said, "Walter has been a great contributor to the growth and development of this company, both as a chief executive and as a director, and everyone associated with ACE thanks Walter for his dedicated and valuable service." Mr. Scott continues to serve as a Director of Assured Guaranty Ltd., which was spun off from ACE in April of 2004.
 
Dominic Frederico joined ACE in January 1995, shortly after Mr. Duperreault was elected Chief Executive Officer. He played a leading role in transforming the company from a specialty carrier into a globally diversified insurer and reinsurer. Mr. Frederico led the purchase negotiations and successful integration of Westchester Specialty Insurance Company, the CIGNA P&C operations and Capital Re Corporation, which subsequently became Assured Guaranty Ltd. "Dominic was a critical partner building modern day ACE," said Brian Duperreault. "He left ACE to become President, Deputy Chairman and CEO of Assured Guaranty Ltd., where he successfully presided over the initial public offering of Assured Guaranty shares and its separation from ACE."
 
Evan Greenberg, President and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented, "Both of these men made major contributions to the growth of ACE, each in their own way, and on behalf of the entire Board of Directors of ACE and our shareholders I want to thank them publicly for their outstanding service."
 
The ACE Annual General Meeting is scheduled for May 26, 2005 at the Company's corporate headquarters in Hamilton, Bermuda.
 
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE), a component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, The ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in approximately 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: www.acelimited.com.
 
Contact Information
 
Investor Contact:
Helen M. Wilson
(441) 299-9283
helen.wilson@ace.bm
 
Media Contact:
Robert T. Grieves
(212) 621-8684
robert.grieves@ace-ina.com


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20050427072748.txt.gz
TIME:20050427072748
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02. Results of Operations and Financial Condition
 
On April 26, 2005, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its first quarter 2005 results and the availability of its first quarter financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
Item 9.01. Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: April 26, 2005
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 
 
 ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported net income for the first quarter ended March 31, 2005 of $433 million or $1.46 per common share after payment of preferred dividends, compared with net income of $447 million or $1.53 per share for the same quarter last year. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) for the first quarter was $441 million, or $1.49 per share, compared with $411 million or $1.40 per share for the same quarter a year ago.
HAMILTON, Bermuda  April 26, 2005
(1)
 
 
 
Evan Greenberg, President and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "This was a very good quarter for ACE. We had record operating income, led by substantial increases in earned premiums and net investment income, and excellent P&C underwriting results as reflected in a combined ratio of 89.2%. Our written premium growth rate is naturally slowing in line with a softening rate environment and our determination to maintain underwriting discipline."
 
Other first quarter operating highlights were as follows:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial results by business segment compared with prior year's results follow. Further details are available in the financial supplement. Key items include:
 
 
 
 
 
Please refer to the ACE Financial Supplement March 31, 2005, which is posted on the Company's website, for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, investment portfolio and capital structure. ACE's website reference (url) is . (Due to the length of this URL, it may be necessary to copy and paste this hyperlink into your Internet browser's URL address field.)
http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/nys/ace/reports/ fin_supp_march_31_2005.xls
 
ACE will host its first quarter 2005 earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday, April 27, 2005 beginning at 8:30 a.m. EDT. The earnings conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at www.acelimited.com or by dialing 888-889-5602 (within the United States) or 973-582-2734 (international). Please refer to the ACE Limited website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available from Wednesday, April 27, 2005 until Friday, May 27, 2005. To listen to the replay dial 877-519-4471 (in the United States) or 973-341-3080 (international); passcode 5826870.
 
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, a component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, the ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: www.acelimited.com.
 
 
and the tax effect of net realized gains (losses) is a common performance measurement. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities.
Operating Income or Income excluding net realized gains (losses)
is calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, life and annuity benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting income and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including net investment income, other (income) expense, interest and income tax expense and net
Underwriting income
 
realized gains (losses). We believe the use of these measures enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
These measures should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:
 
Any forward-looking statements made in this press release reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative and other governmental developments, litigation tactics, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, actual market developments, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ratios exclude life reinsurance business
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance - Property & Casualty
 
 
 
Financial Services
 
 
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
Reinsurance Recoverable for Active Operations
 
 
At December 31, 2004, $7.3 billion of the active operations' recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 85.7% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies. The Company held collateral of $2.9 billion, of which $1.7 billion was matched and usable against existing recoverables.
 
 
 
Consolidated Reinsurance Recoverable
 
At December 31, 2004, $11.8 billion of consolidated recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 89% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies.
 
 
Detail on Reinsurance Recoverable on Paid Losses and Loss Expenses
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
 
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations; however, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of book value per share to diluted book value per ordinary share is provided on page 22.
 
In presenting our segment operating results we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, life and annuity benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses).
 
The following non-GAAP measure is a common performance measurement and is defined as income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) and the tax expense on net realized gains (losses). We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part, according to the availability of market opportunities. We believe these amounts are largely independent of our business and including them would distort the analysis of trends. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Ordinary Share to Diluted Book Value per Ordinary Share
 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 
 
 
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) less perpetual preferred securities divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity for the period. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio for the property and casualty and financial services operations. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity and net proceeds from assumed conversions of outstanding in-the-money options divided by the sum of shares outstanding and the number of options assumed issued.
Diluted book value per ordinary share:
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity and net proceeds from assumed conversions of outstanding in-the-money options less goodwill divided by the sum of shares outstanding and the number of options assumed issued.
Diluted tangible book value per ordinary share:
 
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses).
Effective tax rate:
 
Unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity.
FAS 115:
 
Net premium earned and net investment income less future policy benefits, acquisition costs and administrative expenses.
Life underwriting income:
 
Not meaningful.
NM:
 
Shareholders' equity less perpetual preferred shares.
Ordinary shareholders' equity:
 
Property and casualty.
P & C:
 
Loss and loss expense ratios, policy acquisition cost ratios and administrative expense ratios excluding life reinsurance business and financial services segment. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Property and casualty combined ratios:
 
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) less perpetual preferred securities divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity.
Return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
Shareholders' equity less goodwill.
Tangible equity:
 
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, perpetual preferred shares and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 
Year to date.
YTD:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20050519111324.txt.gz
TIME:20050519111324
EVENTS:	Other Events
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):
    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17CFR230.425)
    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act     (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
   
   
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act     (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)
 Item 8.01. Other Events.
    ACE Limited confirmed that in connection with the previously disclosed investigations pertaining to underwriting practices in ACE's excess casualty unit, ACE terminated three employees of that unit and suspended two other employees of that unit.  All of these actions were taken in the fourth quarter of 2004.  Two of the employees were terminated as a result of conduct discovered in the investigation.  A third employee, who initially had been suspended, was subsequently terminated in the fourth quarter of 2004 because of a failure to cooperate with the investigation.
    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
DATE:   May 18, 2005


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20050617164537.txt.gz
TIME:20050617164537
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
Item 8.01. Other Events.
 
ACE Limited issued a press release reporting that it had received a subpoena from the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York as part of an investigation into finite risk insurance products. A copy of the press release is attached as an exhibit to this Form 8-K.
 
Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
 
The following exhibits are filed as part of this report:
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: June 17, 2005
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
HAMILTON, Bermuda, June 17, 2005 (BUSINESS WIRE)  ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported that it had received a subpoena from the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York as part of an investigation into finite risk insurance products. ACE understands that other insurance companies have received similar subpoenas. As previously disclosed by ACE, ACE has received subpoenas from the Securities and Exchange Commission and the New York Attorney General in connection with an investigation into these insurance products. ACE intends to comply with the subpoena.
 
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, a component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, The ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in approximately 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
http://www.acelimited.com


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20050707143509.txt.gz
TIME:20050707143509
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
On July 1, 2005, ACE Limited, ACE Bermuda Insurance Ltd, ACE Tempest Life Reinsurance Ltd., and ACE Tempest Reinsurance Ltd., as account parties (collectively the "Account Parties"), entered into two syndicated letter of credit reimbursement agreements (the "LC Agreements") with the banks named therein, including various issuing banks, and Wachovia Bank, National Association ("Wachovia") as administrative agent. One LC Agreement permits the issuance of up to $1,000,000,000 of letters of credit on an unsecured basis. The other LC Agreement permits the issuance of up to $500,000,000 of letters of credit on a secured basis, with the collateral consisting of various investment securities owned by one or more of the Account Parties. The LC Agreements replaced the following two existing letter of credit facilities (which in aggregate permitted up to $1.35 billion of letters of credit): (i) a Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of September 22, 2004, among the Account Parties, the banks and other lenders named therein and Wachovia, as issuing bank and as administrative agent, providing for a $500,000,000 secured letter of credit facility for the benefit of the Account Parties, which would have expired on September 22, 2007 and (ii) a Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of September 22, 2004, among the Account Parties, the banks and other lenders named therein and Wachovia, as issuing bank and as administrative agent, providing for a $850,000,000 unsecured letter of credit facility for the benefit of the Account Parties, which would have expired on September 22, 2007.
 
Letters of credit issued under these agreements are used to satisfy the terms of certain insurance and reinsurance contracts that require providing letters of credit to clients or to satisfy certain U.S. regulatory trust fund requirements. The LC Agreements expire July 1, 2010. Each Account Party guarantees the obligations of other Account Parties under the LC Agreements. Under the secured LC Agreement, the Account Parties pay a commitment fee of 0.08% per annum and a letter of credit fee on the stated amount of each letter of credit at 0.275% per annum. Under the unsecured LC Agreement, the Account Parties pay a commitment fee ranging from 0.06% to 0.125% per annum (depending on ratings) and a letter of credit fee on the stated amount of each letter of credit ranging from 0.20% to 0.525% (depending on ratings and on whether the beneficiary of a letter of credit is an affiliate). In addition to the foregoing fees, the Account Parties pay customary upfront, arrangement and administration fees under each LC Agreement as well as fronting fees and customary administrative charges to the issuer of each letter of credit. Interest is payable on any unreimbursed drawing under either LC Agreement at 2% over the greater of (i) the federal funds rate plus 0.5% or (ii) the prime rate.
 
The terms, conditions and covenants of the new reimbursement agreements are substantially similar to the facilities that were replaced. These agreements contain customary covenants, including covenants limiting liens, substantial assets sales and mergers. Most of these restrictions are subject to certain minimum thresholds and exceptions. The agreements also contain financial covenants that require:
 
(i) maintenance of a minimum consolidated net worth of not less than $6.441 billion (subject to a reset provision on the earlier of (a) the date of the delivery of the ACE Limited 10-K for the immediately preceding fiscal year and (b) March 30 of each year) plus 25 percent of cumulative
 
net income since the last reset, plus 50 percent of net proceeds of any issuance of equity interests since the last reset; and
 
(ii) maintenance of a maximum debt to total capitalization ratio of not greater than 0.35 to 1. Under this covenant, debt does not include trust preferred securities or mezzanine equity, except where the ratio of the sum of trust preferred securities and mezzanine equity to total capitalization is greater than 15 percent. In this circumstance, the amount greater than 15 percent would be included in the debt to total capitalization ratio.
 
In addition, the agreements provide that the obligations of the banks to issue letters of credit may be terminated, and the obligations of the Company and the other Account Parties thereunder may be accelerated, upon an event of default. Such events include (subject to certain materiality thresholds and grace periods) payment defaults, covenant defaults, material inaccuracy of representations and warranties, bankruptcy and insolvency proceedings, change of control, cross-defaults under other agreements and other customary defaults.
 
 
See Item 1.01 above which is hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
See Item 1.01 above which is hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: July 7, 2005
 

Exhibit 10.1
 
Execution Copy
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
dated as of July 1, 2005, among ACE Limited, a Cayman Islands company (the ""), ACE Bermuda Insurance Ltd., a Bermuda company (""), ACE Tempest Life Reinsurance Ltd., a Bermuda company (""), and ACE Tempest Reinsurance Ltd., a Bermuda company ("") (ACE Bermuda, Tempest Life and Tempest, together with the Parent, the "" and individually an ""), the banks, financial institutions and other institutional lenders listed on the signature pages hereof as the Initial Banks (the ""), Wachovia Bank, National Association (""), as an Issuing Bank (as hereinafter defined), Bank of America, N.A. (""), as syndication agent, (the ""), Barclays Bank PLC (""), as co-documentation agent, CitiBank, N.A. (""), as co-documentation agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as co-documentation agent ("" and, together with Barclays and CitiBank, the ""), and Wachovia, as administrative agent (together with any successor administrative agent appointed pursuant to , the "" and, together with the Syndication Agent and Documentation Agents, the "") for the Banks.
AMENDED AND RESTATED REIMBURSEMENT AGREEMENT
Parent
ACE Bermuda
Tempest Life
Tempest
Account Parties
Account Party
Initial Banks
Wachovia
Bank of America
Syndication Agent
Barclays
CitiBank
Chase
Documentation Agents
Article VIII
Administrative Agent
Agents
 
 
A. The Account Parties entered into a Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of September 22, 2004 (the ""), among the Account Parties, the banks and other lenders named therein, Wachovia, as an Issuing Bank and as Administrative Agent, and Bank of America, as Syndication Agent, providing for a $850,000,000 unsecured letter of credit facility for the benefit of the Account Parties. The Account Parties have requested that the parties hereto amend and restate the Existing Reimbursement Agreement so that the credit facility thereunder is increased to provide for the issuance of letters of credit for the account of one or more of the Account Parties in an amount up to $1,000,000,000 and to make certain other amendments.
Existing Reimbursement Agreement
 
B. The Issuing Banks and the Banks are willing to amend and restate the Existing Reimbursement Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. It is the intent of the parties hereto that this Agreement not constitute a novation of the obligations and liabilities existing under the Existing Reimbursement Agreement or evidence repayment of any of such obligations and liabilities and that this Agreement amend and restate in its entirety the Existing Reimbursement Agreement and re-evidence the obligations of the Account Parties outstanding thereunder.
 
 
in consideration of the premises and of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
NOW, THEREFORE,
 
 
 
1.01 . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined):
Certain Defined Terms
 
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Account Parties
 
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
ACE Bermuda
 
"" means ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation.
ACE INA
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Additional Bank
Section 2.16(a)
 
"" means, at any time, an amount equal to (i) the then outstanding Consolidated Debt of the Parent and its Subsidiaries plus (ii) to the extent exceeding an amount equal to 15% of Total Capitalization, the then issued and outstanding amount of Preferred Securities (other than any Mandatorily Convertible Preferred Securities).
Adjusted Consolidated Debt
 
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Administrative Agent
 
"" means the account of the Administrative Agent maintained by the Administrative Agent at Wachovia Bank, National Association, Charlotte Plaza Building, 201 South College Street, 8
Administrative Agent's Account
th
Floor NC0680, Charlotte, North Carolina 28288, Account No. 5000000027444, Re: ACE Ltd., Attn: Syndication Agency Services, or such other account as the Administrative Agent shall specify in writing to the Banks.
 
"" means, with respect to each Bank, the administrative questionnaire in the form submitted to such Bank by the Administrative Agent and returned to the Administrative Agent duly completed by such Bank.
Administrative Questionnaire
 
"" means a Letter of Credit Advance.
Advance
 
"" means any Bank that (i) has made, or notified any Account Party that an event or circumstance has occurred which may give rise to, a demand for compensation under or or (but only so long as the event or circumstance giving rise to such demand or notice is continuing) or (ii) is a Downgraded Bank.
Affected Bank
Section 2.06(a)
(b)
Section 2.08
 
"" means, as to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person or is a director or officer of such Person. For purposes of this definition, the term "control" (including the terms "controlling", "controlled by" and "under common control with") of a Person means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to vote 5% or more of the Voting Interests of such Person or to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of Voting Interests, by contract or otherwise.
Affiliate
 
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Agents
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Agreement Currency
Section 2.15(g)
 
"" with respect to any outstanding or proposed Letter of Credit means the Account Party for the account of which such Letter of Credit was or is proposed to be issued.
Applicable Account Party
 
"" means, as of any date, a percentage per annum determined by reference to the Public Debt Rating in effect on such date as set forth below:
Applicable Commitment Fee Percentage
 
 
"" means, with respect to each Bank, such Bank's Domestic Lending Office.
Applicable Lending Office
 
"" means, as of any date, with respect to either Type of Letter of Credit, a percentage per annum determined by reference to such Type and the Public Debt Rating in effect on such date as set forth below:
Applicable Margin
 
 
, , that at all times during which the Available Amount with respect to Intercompany Letters of Credit exceeds $400,000,000, then for purposes of the Applicable Margin for the portion of the Available Amount of such Intercompany Letters of Credit in excess of $400,000,000 shall be determined as if such Letters of Credit were Third Party Letters of Credit.
provided
however
Section 2.05(c)(i)
 
"" means any Investment that was made by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to investment guidelines set forth by the board of directors of the Parent which are consistent with past practices.
Approved Investment
 
"" means an assignment and acceptance entered into by a Bank and an Eligible Assignee, and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in accordance with and in substantially the form of hereto.
Assignment and Acceptance
Section 9.07
Exhibit A
 
"" of any Letter of Credit means, at any time, the maximum amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit at such time or at any future time (assuming compliance at such time or such future time with all conditions to drawing) (including without limitation amounts which have been the subject of drawings by the applicable beneficiary but which have not yet been paid by an Issuing Bank).
Available Amount
 
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Bank of America
 
"" means Title 11, U.S. Code, or any similar foreign, federal or state law for the relief of debtors.
Bankruptcy Law
 
"" means the Initial Banks and each Person that shall become a Bank hereunder pursuant to or , and for so long as such Initial Bank or Person, as the case may be, shall be a party to this Agreement.
Banks
Section 2.16(a)
Section
9.07(a)
(b)
(c)
 
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Barclays
 
"" has the meaning set forth in .
Base Amount
Section 5.04(b)
 
"" means a fluctuating interest rate per annum in effect from time to time, which rate per annum shall at all times be equal to the rate of interest announced publicly by Wachovia in Charlotte, North Carolina from time to time, as Wachovia's prime rate (which may not be its best lending rate) or, if higher on the day in question,  of 1% above the Federal Funds Rate.
Base Rate
 
"" means a day of the year on which banks are not required or authorized by law to close in Charlotte, North Carolina, New York, New York, London, England or Bermuda.
Business Day
 
"" means all leases that have been or should be, in accordance with GAAP, recorded as capitalized leases.
Capitalized Leases
 
"" means the occurrence of any of the following: (a) any Person or two or more Persons acting in concert shall have acquired beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), directly or indirectly, of Voting Interests of the Parent (or other securities convertible into such Voting Interests) representing 30% or more of the combined voting power of all Voting Interests of the Parent or (b) a majority of the board of directors of the Parent shall not be Continuing Members.
Change of Control
 
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
CitiBank
 
"" means, at any time, the aggregate amount of the Banks' LC Commitment Amounts at such time.
Committed Facility
 
"" means information that any Loan Party furnishes to any Agent or any Bank, but does not include any such information that is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of a breach by any Agent or any Bank of its obligations hereunder or that is or becomes available to such Agent or such Bank from a source other than the Loan Parties that is not, to the best of such Agent's or such Bank's knowledge, acting in violation of a confidentiality agreement with a Loan Party.
Confidential Information
 
"" refers to the consolidation of accounts in accordance with GAAP.
Consolidated
 
"" means, for any period, the net income of the Parent and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, determined on a Consolidated basis for such period.
Consolidated Net Income
 
"" means at any date the Consolidated stockholders' equity of the Parent and its Consolidated Subsidiaries determined as of such date, that such determination for purposes of shall be made without giving effect to adjustments pursuant to Statement No. 115 of the Financial Accounting Standards Board of the United States of America.
Consolidated Net Worth
provided
Section
5.04
 
"" means, with respect to any Person, any obligation or arrangement of such Person to guarantee or intended to guarantee any Debt, leases, dividends or other payment obligations ("") of any other Person (the "") in
Contingent Obligation
primary obligations
primary obligor
 
any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including, without limitation, (a) the direct or indirect guarantee, endorsement (other than for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business), co-making, discounting with recourse or sale with recourse by such Person of the obligation of a primary obligor, (b) the obligation to make take-or-pay or similar payments, if required, regardless of nonperformance by any other party or parties to an agreement or (c) any obligation of such Person, whether or not contingent, (i) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor, (ii) to advance or supply funds (A) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (B) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor, (iii) to purchase property, assets, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation or (iv) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the holder of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof; , , that Contingent Obligations shall not include any obligations of any such Person arising under insurance contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Contingent Obligation shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Contingent Obligation is made (or, if less, the maximum amount of such primary obligation for which such Person may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument evidencing such Contingent Obligation) or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof (assuming such Person is required to perform thereunder), as determined by such Person in good faith.
provided
however
 
"" means a member of the Board of Directors of the Parent who either (i) was a member of the Parent's Board of Directors on the date of execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Parent and has been such continuously thereafter or (ii) became a member of such Board of Directors after such date and whose election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of the majority of the Continuing Members then members of the Parent's Board of Directors.
Continuing Member
 
"" means debt securities issued by ACE INA or the Parent to a Special Purpose Trust in exchange for proceeds of Preferred Securities and common securities of such Special Purpose Trust.
Debenture
 
"" of any Person means, without duplication for purposes of calculating financial ratios, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of such Person's business), (c) all obligations of such Person evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other similar instruments, (d) all obligations of such Person created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement with respect to property acquired by such Person (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or lender under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property), (e) all obligations of such Person as lessee under Capitalized Leases (excluding imputed interest), (f) all obligations of such Person under acceptance, letter of credit or similar facilities, (g) all obligations of such Person to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise make any payment in respect of any Equity Interests (except for obligations to pay for Equity Interests within customary settlement periods) in such Person or any other Person or any warrants, rights or options to acquire such capital stock (excluding payments under a contract for the forward sale
Debt
 
of ordinary shares of such Person issued in a public offering), valued, in the case of Redeemable Preferred Interests, at the greater of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference accrued and unpaid dividends, (h) all Contingent Obligations of such Person in respect of Debt (of the types described above) of any other Person and (i) all indebtedness and other payment obligations referred to in clauses (a) through (h) above of another Person secured by (or for which the holder of such Debt has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property (including, without limitation, accounts and contract rights) owned by such Person, even though such Person has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such indebtedness or other payment obligations; , , that the amount of Debt of such Person under clause (i) above shall, if such Person has not assumed or otherwise become liable for any such Debt, be limited to the lesser of the principal amount of such Debt or the fair market value of all property of such Person securing such Debt; that "Debt" shall not include obligations in respect of insurance or reinsurance contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business or any obligations of such Person (1) to purchase securities (or other property) which arise out of or in connection with the sale of the same or substantially similar securities (or other property) or (2) to return collateral consisting of securities arising out of or in connection with the loan of the same or substantially similar securities; that, solely for purposes of and the definitions of "Adjusted Consolidated Debt" and "Total Capitalization", "Debt" shall not include (x) any contingent obligations of any Person under or in connection with acceptance, letter of credit or similar facilities or (y) obligations of the Parent or ACE INA under any Debentures or under any subordinated guaranty of any Preferred Securities or obligations of a Special Purpose Trust under any Preferred Securities.
plus
provided
however
provided
further
provided
further
Section
5.04
 
"" means any Event of Default or any event that would constitute an Event of Default but for the requirement that notice be given or time elapse or both.
Default
 
"" means, with respect to any Bank at any time, any amount required to be paid by such Bank to any Agent or any other Bank hereunder or under any other Loan Document at or prior to such time that has not been so paid as of such time, including, without limitation, any amount required to be paid by such Bank to (a) an Issuing Bank pursuant to to purchase a portion of a Letter of Credit Advance made by such Issuing Bank and (b) any Agent or any Issuing Bank pursuant to to reimburse such Agent or such Issuing Bank for such Bank's ratable share of any amount required to be paid by the Banks to such Agent or such Issuing Bank as provided therein.
Defaulted Amount
Section 2.02(f)
Section
8.05
 
"" means, at any time, any Bank that, at such time, (a) owes a Defaulted Amount or (b) shall take any action or be the subject of any action or proceeding of a type described in .
Defaulting Bank
Section
6.01(g)
 
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Documentation Agents
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Dollar Equivalent
Section
2.15(h)
 
"" means, with respect to any Bank, the office of such Bank specified as its "Domestic Lending Office" opposite in its Administrative Questionnaire or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Bank, as the case may be, or such
Domestic Lending Office
 
other office of such Bank as such Bank may from time to time specify to any Account Party and the Administrative Agent.
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Downgrade Account
Section
2.14(a)
 
"" means, with respect to any Bank, a reduction of the credit rating for the senior unsecured unsupported long-term debt of such Bank (or, if no such rating exists, then a reduction of the long-term issuer credit rating of such Bank) by S&P or Moody's.
Downgrade Event
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Downgrade Notice
Section
2.14(a)
 
"" means any Bank which has a credit rating of less than A- (in the case of S&P) or A3 (in the case of Moody's) for its senior unsecured unsupported long-term debt or which does not have any credit rating on such debt from one of S&P or Moody's; provided, that if at any time such Bank has no such senior unsecured unsupported long-term debt rating from either rating service but does have a long-term issuer credit rating from either or both services, then such Bank shall not be considered a Downgraded Bank so long as such long-term issuer credit rating remains at or above A- (in the case of S&P) or A3 (in the case of Moody's).
Downgraded Bank
 
"" means the first date on which the conditions set forth in shall have been satisfied.
Effective Date
Article III
 
"" means (i) a Bank, (ii) an Affiliate of a Bank, or (iii) a commercial bank, a savings bank or other financial institution that is approved by the Administrative Agent and, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time any assignment is effected pursuant to , the Parent (such approvals not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); , , that neither any Loan Party nor any Affiliate of a Loan Party shall qualify as an Eligible Assignee under this definition.
Eligible Assignee
Section
9.07
provided
however
 
"" means any action, suit, demand, demand letter, claim, notice of non-compliance or violation, notice of liability or potential liability, investigation, proceeding, consent order or consent agreement relating in any way to any Environmental Law, any Environmental Permit or Hazardous Material or arising from alleged injury or threat to health, safety or the environment, including, without limitation, (a) by any governmental or regulatory authority for enforcement, cleanup, removal, response, remedial or other actions or damages and (b) by any governmental or regulatory authority or third party for damages, contribution, indemnification, cost recovery, compensation or injunctive relief.
Environmental Action
 
"" means any federal, state, local or foreign statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation, code, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree or judicial or agency interpretation, policy or guidance relating to pollution or protection of the environment, health, safety or natural resources, including, without limitation, those relating to the use, handling, transportation, treatment, storage, disposal, release or discharge of Hazardous Materials.
Environmental Law
 
"" means any permit, approval, identification number, license or other authorization required under any Environmental Law.
Environmental Permit
 
"" means, with respect to any Person, shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or other acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or other acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such other interests), and other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including, without limitation, partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are authorized or otherwise existing on any date of determination.
Equity Interests
 
"" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder.
ERISA
 
"" means any Person that for purposes of Title IV of ERISA is a member of the controlled group of any Loan Party, or under common control with any Loan Party, within the meaning of Section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 4001 of ERISA.
ERISA Affiliate
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Events of Default
Section
6.01
 
"" means, collectively, the letters of credit outstanding on the Effective Date issued by Wachovia, CitiBank and Barclays pursuant to the Existing Reimbursement Agreement, which letters of credit are listed on hereto.
Existing Letters of Credit
Schedule II
 
"" has the meaning specified in the Preliminary Statement hereof.
Existing Reimbursement Agreement
 
"" means the Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of September 22, 2004, among the Account Parties, the banks and other lenders named therein, Wachovia, as an Issuing Bank and as Administrative Agent, Bank of America, as Syndication Agent, as amended, providing for a $500,000,000 secured letter of credit facility for the benefit of the Account Parties.
Existing Secured Reimbursement Agreement
 
"" shall mean July 1, 2010.
Expiration Date
 
"" means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal for each day during such period to the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by federal funds brokers, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the next preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day for such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it.
Federal Funds Rate
 
"" means the fee letter dated June 1, 2005 among the Parent, Wachovia and Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC, as amended.
Fee Letter
 
"" means the fiscal year of the Parent and its Consolidated Subsidiaries ending on December 31 in any calendar year.
Fiscal Year
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Foreign Government Scheme or Arrangement
Section
4.01(l)(ii)
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Foreign Plan
Section
4.01(l)(ii)
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
GAAP
Section
1.03
 
"" means the undertaking by each of the Account Parties under .
Guaranty
Article VII
 
"" means (a) petroleum or petroleum products, by-products or breakdown products, radioactive materials, asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls and radon gas and (b) any other chemicals, materials or substances designated, classified or regulated as hazardous or toxic or as a pollutant or contaminant under any Environmental Law.
Hazardous Materials
 
"" means interest rate swap, cap or collar agreements, interest rate future or option contracts, currency swap agreements, currency future or option contracts and other hedging agreements.
Hedge Agreements
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Indemnified Party
Section
9.04(b)
 
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Initial Banks
 
"" means a Letter of Credit issued for the account of any Account Party (whether alone or jointly with any one or more other wholly owned Subsidiaries of the Parent) in favor of one or more beneficiaries each of which is a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Parent (whether or not any such beneficiary is an Account Party hereunder).
Intercompany Letter of Credit
 
"" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder.
Internal Revenue Code
 
"" in any Person means any loan or advance to such Person, any purchase or other acquisition of any Equity Interests or Debt or the assets comprising a division or business unit or a substantial part or all of the business of such Person, any capital contribution to such Person or any other direct or indirect investment in such Person, including, without limitation, any acquisition by way of a merger or consolidation and any arrangement pursuant to which the investor incurs Debt of the types referred to in clause (h) or (i) of the definition of "Debt" in respect of such Person; , , that any purchase by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any catastrophe-linked instruments which are (x) issued for the purpose of transferring traditional reinsurance risk to the capital markets and (y) purchased by such Loan Party or Subsidiary in accordance with its customary reinsurance underwriting procedures, or the entry by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary into swap instruments relating to such instruments in accordance with such procedures, shall be deemed to be the entry by such Person into a reinsurance contract and shall not be deemed to be an Investment by such Person.
Investment
provided
however
 
"" means Wachovia, CitiBank, Barclays and any other Bank that has been appointed by the Parent, has accepted such appointment and has been approved in writing by the Administrative Agent (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld).
Issuing Banks
 
"" means Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC and Banc of America Securities, LLC, collectively.
Joint Lead Arrangers
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
JPMorgan Credit Agreement
Section
5.02(a)(xvii)
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Judgment Currency
Section
2.15(g)
 
"" means, with respect to any Bank at any time, the amount set forth opposite such Bank's name on hereto under the caption "LC Commitment Amount" or, if such Bank has entered into one or more Assignment and Acceptances or has become a Bank, or has increased its LC Commitment pursuant to , the amount set forth for such Bank in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant to as such Bank's "LC Commitment Amount", as such amount may be reduced at or prior to such time pursuant to .
LC Commitment Amount
Schedule I
Section 2.16
Section
9.07(d)
Section 2.04
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
LC Participation Obligations
Section
2.14(a)
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
L/C Related Documents
Section
2.03(a)(ii)
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Letter of Credit Advance
Section
2.02(g)
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Letter of Credit Agreement
Section
2.02(a)
 
"" at any time means the sum at such time of (a) the aggregate outstanding amount of Letter of Credit Advances, (b) the aggregate Available Amounts of all outstanding Letters of Credit (including, without limitation, all outstanding Existing Letters of Credit) and (c) the aggregate Available Amounts of all Letters of Credit which have been requested by an Account Party to be issued hereunder but have not yet been so issued.
Letter of Credit Exposure
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Letter of Credit Participating Interest
Section
2.02(e)
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment
Section
2.02(e)
 
"" means, for any Bank, a fraction, expressed as a percentage, the numerator of which is such Bank's LC Commitment Amount and the denominator of which is the aggregate LC Commitment Amounts of all the Banks.
Letter of Credit Participating Interest Percentage
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Letters of Credit
Section
2.01
 
"" means any lien, security interest or other charge or encumbrance of any kind, or any other type of preferential arrangement, including, without limitation, the lien or retained security title of a conditional vendor and any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property.
Lien
 
"" means (i) this Agreement, (ii) the Fee Letter and (iii) each Letter of Credit Agreement, in each case as amended from time to time.
Loan Documents
 
"" means the Account Parties.
Loan Parties
 
"" means units comprised of (i) Preferred Securities or preferred shares of Parent and (ii) a contract for the sale of ordinary shares of the Parent.
Mandatorily Convertible Preferred Securities
 
"" has the meaning specified in Regulation U.
Margin Stock
 
"" means any material adverse change in the business, financial condition, operations or properties of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.
Material Adverse Change
 
"" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, condition, operations or properties of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Bank under any Loan Document or (c) the ability of the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, to perform their obligations under the Loan Documents.
Material Adverse Effect
 
"" means a principal amount of Debt and/or payment obligations in respect of any Hedge Agreement of the Parent and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries arising in one or more related or unrelated transactions exceeding in the aggregate $50,000,000.
Material Financial Obligation
 
"" means (i) any Subsidiary of the Parent that has more than $10,000,000 in assets or that had more than $10,000,000 of revenue during the most recent period of four fiscal quarters for which financial statements are available, and (ii) any Subsidiary that is the direct or indirect parent company of any Subsidiary that qualified as a "Material Subsidiary" under clause (i) above.
Material Subsidiary
 
"" has the meaning set forth in .
Minimum Amount
Section 5.04(b)
 
"" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc.
Moody's
 
"" means a multiemployer plan, as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate is making or accruing an obligation to make contributions, or has within any of the preceding five plan years made or accrued an obligation to make contributions.
Multiemployer Plan
 
"" means, with respect to any issuance of Equity Interests by any Person, the amount of cash received by such Person in connection with such transaction after deducting therefrom the aggregate, without duplication, of the following amounts to the extent properly attributable to such transaction: (a) reasonable brokerage commissions, attorneys' fees, finder's fees, financial advisory fees, accounting fees, underwriting fees, investment banking fees, and other similar commissions, and fees and expenses and disbursements of any of the foregoing, in each case to the extent paid or payable by such Person; (b) printing and related expenses of filing and recording or registration fees or charges or similar fees or charges paid by such Person; and
Net Proceeds
 
(c) taxes paid or payable by such Person to any governmental authority or regulatory body as a result of such transaction.
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Non-Dollar Letters of Credit
Section
2.15(a)
 
"" means the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control, and any successor thereto.
OFAC
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Other Taxes
Section
2.08(b)
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Overnight Rate
Section
2.15(h)
 
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Parent
 
"" means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT Act, Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute, and all rules and regulations from time to time promulgated thereunder.
Patriot Act
 
"" means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (or any successor).
PBGC
 
"" means a "pension plan", as such term is defined in section 3(2) of ERISA, which is subject to title IV of ERISA (other than any "multiemployer plan" as such term is defined in section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA), and to which any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate may have any liability, including any liability by reason of having been a substantial employer within the meaning of section 4063 of ERISA at any time during the preceding five years, or by reason of being deemed to be a contributing sponsor under section 4069 of ERISA.
Pension Plan
 
"" means such of the following as to which no enforcement, collection, execution, levy or foreclosure proceeding shall have been commenced or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings: (a) Liens for taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies not yet due and payable; (b) Liens imposed by law, such as materialmen's, mechanics', carriers', workmen's and repairmen's Liens and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business securing obligations that are not overdue for a period of more than 90 days; (c) pledges or deposits to secure obligations under workers' compensation laws or similar legislation or to secure public or statutory obligations; and (d) easements, rights of way and other encumbrances on title to real property that do not render title to the property encumbered thereby unmarketable or materially adversely affect the use of such property for its present purposes.
Permitted Liens
 
"" means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a business trust), limited liability company, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or other entity, or a government or any political subdivision or agency thereof.
Person
 
"" means, with respect to any Person, Equity Interests issued by such Person that are entitled to a preference or priority over any other Equity Interests issued by such Person upon any distribution of such Person's property and assets, whether by dividend or upon liquidation.
Preferred Interests
 
"" means (i) preferred securities issued by a Special Purpose Trust which shall provide, among other things, that dividends shall be payable only out of proceeds of interest payments on the Debentures, or (ii) other instruments that may be treated in whole or in part as equity for rating agency purposes while being treated as debt for tax purposes.
Preferred Securities
 
"" means from and to the Banks in accordance with their respective Letter of Credit Participating Interest Percentages.
Pro Rata
 
"" means, for any Bank, its share determined Pro Rata, in accordance with the definition of the term "Pro Rata."
Pro Rata Share
 
"" means, as of any date, the higher rating that has been most recently announced by either S&P or Moody's, as the case may be, for any class of non-credit enhanced long-term senior unsecured debt issued by the Parent; that if at any time the difference between the ratings of such type most recently announced by S&P and Moody's is more than one rating grade, the Public Debt Rating shall be the rating that is one grade below the higher of such two ratings. For purposes of the foregoing, (a) if only one of S&P and Moody's shall have in effect a rating for any class of non-credit enhanced long-term senior unsecured debt issued by the Parent, the Public Debt Rating shall be the available rating; (b) if neither S&P nor Moody's shall have in effect a rating for any class of non-credit enhanced long-term senior unsecured debt issued by the Parent, the Public Debt Rating shall be the rating which is three rating levels below the Parent's S&P financial strength rating at such time, that, in the event that the Parent's S&P financial strength rating is affirmed at (i) A+, the applicable Level will be Level 2 and (ii) A+ and on credit watch/review with negative implications, the applicable Level will be Level 3; (c) if any rating established by S&P or Moody's shall be changed, such change shall be effective as of the date on which such change is first announced publicly by the rating agency making such change; and (d) if S&P or Moody's shall change the basis on which ratings are established, each reference herein to ratings announced by S&P or Moody's, as the case may be, shall refer to the then equivalent rating by S&P or Moody's, as the case may be.
Public Debt Rating
provided
provided
 
"" means, with respect to any Equity Interest, any Debt or any other right or obligation, any such Equity Interest, Debt, right or obligation that (a) the issuer has undertaken to redeem at a fixed or determinable date or dates, whether by operation of a sinking fund or otherwise, or upon the occurrence of a condition not solely within the control of the issuer or (b) is redeemable at the option of the holder.
Redeemable
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Register
Section
9.07(d)
 
"" means Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as in effect from time to time.
Regulation U
 
"" means, at any time, Banks owed or holding at least a majority in interest of the sum of (a) aggregate principal amount of the Letter of Credit Advances outstanding at such time and (b) the aggregate Available Amount of all Letters of Credit outstanding at such time, or, if no such principal amount and no Letters of Credit are outstanding at such time, Banks having LC Commitment Amounts constituting at least a majority in interest of the aggregate of the LC Commitment Amounts; , , that if any Bank shall be a
Required Banks
provided
however
 
Defaulting Bank at such time, there shall be excluded from the determination of Required Banks at such time (A) the aggregate principal amount of the interest of such Bank in Letter of Credit Advances and outstanding at such time, (B) such Bank's Pro Rata Share of the aggregate Available Amount of all Letters of Credit outstanding at such time and (C) the Unused LC Commitment Amount of such Bank at such time.
 
"" means the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Treasurer or General Counsel of the Parent.
Responsible Officer
 
"" means Standard & Poor's Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.
S&P
 
"" means a country subject to a sanctions program identified on the list maintained by OFAC and available at http://www.treas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac/sanctions/, or as otherwise published by OFAC from time to time.
Sanctioned Country
 
"" means (i) a Person named on the list of Specially Designated Nationals or Blocked Persons maintained by OFAC available at http://www.treas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac/sdn/t11sdn.pdf, or as otherwise published by OFAC from time to time, or (ii) (A) an agency of the government of a Sanctioned Country, or (B) a Person resident in a Sanctioned Country, to the extent subject to a sanctions program administered by OFAC.
Sanctioned Person
 
"" means the $500,000,000 secured letter of credit facility for the benefit of the Account Parties evidenced by the Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of even date herewith, among the Account Parties, the banks and other lenders named therein, Bank of America, as Syndication Agent, Barclays and CitiBank, as Issuing Banks, and Wachovia, as an Issuing Bank and as Administrative Agent (as amended or otherwise modified from time to time).
Secured Letter of Credit Facility
 
"" means any sale, assignment or other transfer by Parent or any Subsidiary of any accounts receivable, premium finance loan receivables, lease receivables or other payment obligations owing to Parent or such Subsidiary or any interest in any of the foregoing, together in each case with any collections and other proceeds thereof, any collection or deposit accounts related thereto, and any collateral, guaranties or other property or claims in favor of Parent or such Subsidiary supporting or securing payment by the obligor thereon of, or otherwise related to, any such receivables.
Securitization Transaction
 
"" means a Subsidiary of Parent that is a "significant subsidiary" of the Parent under Regulation S-X promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Significant Subsidiary
 
"" and "" mean, with respect to any Person on a particular date, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including, without limitation, contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair salable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such
Solvent
Solvency
 
Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Person's ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature and (d) such Person is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which such Person's property would constitute an unreasonably small capital. The amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability.
 
"" means a special purpose business trust established by the Parent or ACE INA of which the Parent or ACE INA will hold all the common securities, which will be the issuer of the Preferred Securities, and which will loan to the Parent or ACE INA (such loan being evidenced by the Debentures) the net proceeds of the issuance and sale of the Preferred Securities and common securities of such Special Purpose Trust.
Special Purpose Trust
 
"" of any Person means any corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, trust or estate of which (or in which) more than 50% of (a) the issued and outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether at the time capital stock of any other class or classes of such corporation shall or might have voting power upon the occurrence of any contingency), (b) the interest in the capital or profits of such partnership, joint venture or limited liability company or (c) the beneficial interest in such trust or estate is at the time directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such Person, by such Person and one or more of its other Subsidiaries or by one or more of such Person's other Subsidiaries.
Subsidiary
 
"" means the Account Parties (other than the Parent).
Subsidiary Guarantors
 
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Syndication Agent
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Taxes
Section
2.08(a)
 
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Tempest
 
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Tempest Life
 
"" means a Letter of Credit other than an Intercompany Letter of Credit.
Third Party Letter of Credit
 
"" means, at any time, an amount (without duplication) equal to (i) the then outstanding Consolidated Debt of the Parent and its Subsidiaries plus (ii) Consolidated stockholders equity of the Parent and its Subsidiaries plus (without duplication) (iii) the then issued and outstanding amount of Preferred Securities (including Mandatorily Convertible Preferred Securities) and (without duplication) Debentures.
Total Capitalization
 
"", with respect to any Letter of Credit, means and refers to whether such Letter of Credit is an Intercompany Letter of Credit or a Third Party Letter of Credit.
Type
 
"" means, with respect to any Bank at any time, (a) such Bank's LC Commitment Amount at such time (b) such Bank's Pro Rata Share of
Unused LC Commitment Amount
minus
 
(i) the aggregate Available Amount of all Letters of Credit hereunder (including, without limitation, all Existing Letters of Credit) and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of all Letter of Credit Advances made by the Issuing Banks pursuant to and outstanding at such time (whether held by the Issuing Banks or the Banks).
Section 2.02(g)
 
"" means any Person (i) organized under the laws of the United States or any jurisdiction within the United States (including foreign branches thereof) or (ii) located in the United States.
U.S. Person
 
"" means shares of capital stock issued by a corporation, or equivalent Equity Interests in any other Person, the holders of which are ordinarily, in the absence of contingencies, entitled to vote for the election of directors (or persons performing similar functions) of such Person, even if the right so to vote has been suspended by the happening of such a contingency.
Voting Interests
 
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Wachovia
 
"" means a welfare plan, as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA, that is maintained for employees of any Loan Party or in respect of which any Loan Party could have liability.
Welfare Plan
 
"" has the meaning specified in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA.
Withdrawal Liability
 
1.02 . In this Agreement and the other Loan Documents in the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word "from" means "from and including" and the words "to" and "until" each mean "to but excluding". References in the Loan Documents to any agreement or contract "as amended" shall mean and be a reference to such agreement or contract as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms.
Computation of Time Periods; Other Definitional Provisions
 
1.03 . Unless otherwise specified herein, all accounting terms used herein shall be interpreted, all accounting determinations hereunder shall be made, and all financial statements required to be delivered hereunder shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time in the United States of America (""), applied on a basis consistent (except for changes concurred in by the Parent's independent public accountants) with the most recent audited consolidated financial statements of the Parent and its Subsidiaries delivered to the Banks; that, if the Parent notifies the Administrative Agent that the Parent wishes to amend any covenant in to eliminate the effect of any change in generally accepted accounting principles on the operation of such covenant (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Parent that the Required Banks wish to amend for such purpose), then the Parent's compliance with such covenant shall be determined on the basis of generally accepted accounting principles in effect immediately before the relevant change in generally accepted accounting principles became effective (and, concurrently with the delivery of any financial statements required to be delivered hereunder, the Parent shall provide a statement of reconciliation conforming such financial information to such generally accepted accounting principles as previously in effect), until either
Accounting Terms and Determinations
GAAP
provided
Article V
Article V
 
such notice is withdrawn or such covenant is amended in a manner satisfactory to the Parent and the Required Banks.
 
 
 
2.01 . Each Issuing Bank agrees, on the terms and subject to the conditions herein set forth, to issue standby letters of credit (the "") for the account of any Account Party on any Business Day from time to time during the period from the Effective Date to the Expiration Date. From and after the Effective Date, the Existing Letters of Credit shall be Letters of Credit hereunder. Letters of Credit may be issued as Intercompany Letters of Credit or Third Party Letters of Credit, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. No Issuing Bank shall have any obligation to issue, and no Account Party will request the issuance of, any Letter of Credit hereunder if either (a) the aggregate Available Amounts of all Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank would exceed, after giving effect to such issuance, the maximum amount set forth in a letter agreement between such Issuing Bank and the Parent, on behalf of the Account Parties, or (b) any Bank's Pro Rata Share of the Available Amount of such Letter of Credit exceeds, immediately before the time of such issuance, an amount equal to such Bank's Pro Rata Share of the total Unused LC Commitment Amounts of the Banks at such time (as such amount shall be advised by the Administrative Agent to the respective Issuing Bank as contemplated by ). Unless all the Banks consent otherwise in writing, no Issuing Bank shall have any obligation to issue, and no Account Party shall request the issuance of, any Letter of Credit hereunder if the Available Amount of such Letter of Credit exceeds, immediately before the time of such issuance, an amount equal to the total Unused LC Commitment Amounts of the Banks at such time (as such amount shall be advised by the Administrative Agent to the respective Issuing Bank as contemplated by ). No Issuing Bank shall have any obligation to issue, and no Account Party shall request the issuance of, any Letter of Credit except within the following limitations: (i) subject to the provisions of , each Letter of Credit shall be denominated in U.S. dollars, (ii) each Letter of Credit shall be payable only against sight drafts (and not time drafts) and (iii) no Letter of Credit shall have an expiration date (including all rights of the Applicable Account Party or the beneficiary to require renewal) later than one year after the date of issuance thereof, but a Letter of Credit may by its terms be automatically renewable annually unless the respective Issuing Bank notifies the beneficiary thereof of its election not to renew such Letter of Credit (which such Issuing Bank agrees to do on and subject to the terms of ). No Issuing Bank shall have any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit which is unsatisfactory in form, substance or beneficiary to such Issuing Bank in the exercise of its reasonable judgment consistent with its customary practice. No Issuing Bank shall have any obligation to issue a Letter of Credit in favor of a beneficiary that is a Sanctioned Person or that is organized under the laws of a Sanctioned Country. Letters of Credit may be issued for the account of any Subsidiary of the Parent that is not an Account Party hereunder, that the Parent shall be a joint applicant and account party with respect to any such Letter of Credit.
The Letters of Credit
Letters of Credit
Section 2.02
Section 2.02
Section
2.15
Section
2.02(d)
provided
 
2.02 .
Issuance and Renewals and Drawings, Participations and Reimbursement with Respect to Letters of Credit
 
(a) . An Account Party may from time to time request, upon at least three Business Days' notice (given not later than 11:00 A.M. Charlotte, North Carolina time on the last day permitted therefor), an Issuing Bank issue or renew (other than any automatic renewal thereof) a Letter of Credit by:
Request for Issuance
 
(i) delivering to such Issuing Bank, with a copy to the Administrative Agent, either (x) a written request to such effect or (y) a request made in electronic form through such Issuing Bank's remote access system and in accordance with the terms and conditions (including any written agreements between such Issuing Bank and any Account Party) applicable thereto, in each case specifying the date on which such Letter of Credit is to be issued (which shall be a Business Day), the expiration date thereof, the Available Amount thereof, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and the form thereof, and in each case with a copy of such request (or, in the case of clause (y) above, a written or electronic summary thereof) to the Administrative Agent; and
 
(ii) in the case of the issuance of a Letter of Credit, delivering to such Issuing Bank, with a copy to the Administrative Agent, a completed agreement and application with respect to such Letter of Credit as such Issuing Bank may specify for use in connection with such requested Letter of Credit (a ""), together with such other certificates, documents and other papers or information as are specified in such Letter of Credit Agreement or as may be required pursuant to such Issuing Bank's customary practices for the issuance of letters of credit (including requirements relating to requests made through such Issuing Bank's remote access system).
Letter of Credit Agreement
 
If the limitation set forth in is satisfied and if the Required Banks have not given notice to the Administrative Agent to cease issuing or renewing Letters of Credit as contemplated by this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the respective Issuing Bank (in writing or by telephone immediately confirmed in writing) that such Issuing Bank is authorized to issue or renew, as the case may be, such Letter of Credit. An Issuing Bank shall not issue or renew, as the case may be, any Letter of Credit (other than by the automatic renewal thereof) unless it shall have received notice from the Administrative Agent that it is authorized to do so as described in the preceding sentence. If such Issuing Bank issues or renews a Letter of Credit, it shall deliver the original of such Letter of Credit to the beneficiary thereof or as the Applicable Account Party shall otherwise direct, and shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent thereof and furnish a copy thereof to the Administrative Agent. Each Issuing Bank may issue Letters of Credit through any of its branches or Affiliates (whether domestic or foreign) that issue letters of credit, and each Account Party authorizes and directs each Issuing Bank to select the branch or Affiliate that will issue or process any Letter of Credit.
Section 2.01(b)
 
(b) . An Account Party may from time to time request an Issuing Bank extend the expiration date of an outstanding Letter of Credit issued for its account or increase (or, with the consent of the beneficiary, decrease) the Available Amount
Request for Extension or Increase
 
of or the amount available to be drawn on such Letter of Credit by delivering to such Issuing Bank, with a copy to the Administrative Agent, either (i) a written request to such effect or (ii) a request made in electronic form through such Issuing Bank's remote access system. Such extension or increase shall for all purposes hereunder (including for purposes of ) be treated as though such Account Party had requested issuance of a replacement Letter of Credit (except only that such Issuing Bank may, if it elects, issue a notice of extension or increase in lieu of issuing a new Letter of Credit in substitution for the outstanding Letter of Credit).
Section 2.02(a)
 
(c) . If any Letter of Credit shall provide for the automatic renewal of the expiry date thereof unless the respective Issuing Bank gives notice that such expiry date shall not be renewed, then the respective Issuing Bank shall allow such Letter of Credit to be renewed unless it shall have received, at least five days prior to the date on which such notice of nonrenewal must be delivered under such Letter of Credit (or such shorter period acceptable to the respective Issuing Bank) (i) notice from the Administrative Agent that such Issuing Bank is not authorized to renew such Letter of Credit (or Letters of Credit generally), or (ii) notice from any Account Party that it does not want the Issuing Bank to renew such Letter of Credit. An Issuing Bank shall not allow any Letter of Credit to be automatically renewed if it has received notice from the Administrative Agent, as described in the preceding sentence, that it is not authorized to do so anytime prior to the date five days prior to the date on which the notice of nonrenewal must be delivered under such Letter of Credit.
Automatic Renewals
 
(d) . As between each Issuing Bank, on the one hand, and the Agents and the Banks, on the other hand, each Issuing Bank shall be justified and fully protected (i) in issuing or renewing a proposed Letter of Credit (other than by the automatic renewal thereof) if such Issuing Bank has received notice from the Administrative Agent that such Issuing Bank is authorized to issue or renew such Letter of Credit, and (ii) in allowing a Letter of Credit to be automatically renewed if such Issuing Bank has not received notice from the Administrative Agent as provided in hereof that it is not authorized to do so at any time prior to the date five days prior to the date on which the notice of nonrenewal must be delivered under such Letter of Credit, in either case, notwithstanding any subsequent notices to such Issuing Bank, any knowledge of a Default, any knowledge of failure of any condition specified in hereof to be satisfied, any other knowledge of such Issuing Bank, or any other event, condition or circumstance whatsoever. Each Issuing Bank may amend, modify or supplement Letters of Credit or Letter of Credit Agreements, or waive compliance with any condition of issuance, renewal or payment, without the consent of, and without liability to, any Agent or any Bank, that any such amendment, modification or supplement that extends the expiration date or increases the Available Amount of or the amount available to be drawn on an outstanding Letter of Credit shall be subject to . With respect to each Letter of Credit that remains outstanding at any time after the Expiration Date and that provides by its terms for automatic renewal, the respective Issuing Bank shall notify the beneficiary thereof, in accordance with the terms specified for such notice in such Letter of Credit, of such Issuing Bank's election not to renew such Letter of Credit.
Limitations on Issuance, Extension, Renewal and Amendment
Section 2.02(c)
Article III
provided
Section 2.01
 
(e) . Concurrently with the issuance of each Letter of Credit (and upon the Effective Date, with respect to each Existing Letter of Credit, and without any further action by any party to this Agreement), the respective Issuing Bank
Letter of Credit Participating Interests
 
automatically shall be deemed, irrevocably and unconditionally, to have sold, assigned, transferred and conveyed to each other Bank, and each other Bank automatically shall be deemed, irrevocably and unconditionally, severally to have purchased, acquired, accepted and assumed from such Issuing Bank, without recourse to, or representation or warranty by, such Issuing Bank, an undivided interest, in a proportion equal to such Bank's Pro Rata Share, in all of such Issuing Bank's rights and obligations in, to or under such Letter of Credit, the related Letter of Credit Agreement, all reimbursement obligations with respect to such Letter of Credit, and all collateral, guarantees and other rights from time to time directly or indirectly securing the foregoing (such interest of each Bank being referred to herein as a "", it being understood that the Letter of Credit Participating Interest of such Issuing Bank is the interest not otherwise attributable to the Letter of Credit Participating Interests of the other Banks). Each Bank irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to the immediately preceding sentence, such agreement being herein referred to as such Bank's "". Amounts, other than Letter of Credit Advances made by a Bank other than the Issuing Banks and other than Letter of Credit commissions under , payable from time to time under or in connection with a Letter of Credit or Letter of Credit Agreement shall be for the sole account of the Issuing Banks. On the date that any assignee becomes a party to this Agreement in accordance with hereof, Letter of Credit Participating Interests in all outstanding Letters of Credit held by the Bank from which such assignee acquired its interest hereunder shall be proportionately reallocated between such assignee and such assignor Bank (and, to the extent such assignor Bank is an Issuing Bank, the assignee Bank shall be deemed to have acquired a Letter of Credit Participating Interest from such Issuing Bank to such extent). Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, each Bank hereby agrees that its obligation to participate in each Letter of Credit, its obligation to make the payments specified in , and the right of each Issuing Bank to receive such payments in the manner specified therein, are each absolute, irrevocable and unconditional and shall not be affected by any event, condition or circumstance whatever. The failure of any Bank to make any such payment shall not relieve any other Bank of its funding obligation hereunder on the date due, but no Bank shall be responsible for the failure of any other Bank to meet its funding obligations hereunder.
Letter of Credit Participating Interest
Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment
Section 2.05(c)(i)
Section
9.07
Section
2.02(f)
 
(f) . If an Issuing Bank makes a payment under any Letter of Credit and is not reimbursed in full therefor in accordance with , such Issuing Bank may notify the Administrative Agent thereof (which notice may be by telephone), and the Administrative Agent shall forthwith notify each Bank (which notice may be by telephone promptly confirmed in writing) thereof. No later than the Administrative Agent's close of business on the date such notice is given (if notice is given by 2:00 P.M. Charlotte, North Carolina time) or 10:00 A.M. Charlotte, North Carolina time the following day (if notice is given after 2:00 P.M. Charlotte, North Carolina time or in the case of any Bank whose Applicable Lending Office is located in Europe), each Bank will pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of such Issuing Bank, in immediately available funds, an amount equal to such Bank's Pro Rata Share of the unreimbursed portion of such payment by such Issuing Bank. Amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Issuing Bank shall be forthwith transferred, in immediately available funds, to such Issuing Bank. If and to the extent that any Bank fails to make such payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Issuing Bank on such date, such Bank shall pay such amount on demand, together with interest, for such Issuing Bank's own account, for each day from and including the
Payment by Banks on Account of Unreimbursed Draws
Section
2.03(a)
 
date such payment is due from such Bank to such Issuing Bank to but not including the date of repayment to such Issuing Bank (before and after judgment) at a rate per annum for each day (i) from and including the date such payment is due from such Bank to such Issuing Bank to and including the second Business Day thereafter equal to the Federal Funds Rate and (ii) thereafter equal to the Base Rate. For avoidance of doubt, it is understood and agreed by the Banks that Letters of Credit issued prior to the Expiration Date may, by their terms, remain outstanding after the Expiration Date and that the obligations of the Banks to make payments under this shall continue from and after the Expiration Date until the expiration or termination of all Letters of Credit, subject to and in accordance with the terms hereof.
Section 2.02(f)
 
(g) . The term "" is used in this Agreement in accordance with the meanings set forth in this . The making of any payment by an Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit is sometimes referred to herein as the making of a Letter of Credit Advance by such Issuing Bank in the amount of such payment. The making of any payment by a Bank for the account of an Issuing Bank under on account of an unreimbursed drawing on a Letter of Credit is sometimes referred to herein as the making of a Letter of Credit Advance to the Applicable Account Party by such Bank. The making of such a Letter of Credit Advance by a Bank with respect to an unreimbursed drawing on a Letter of Credit shall reduce, by a like amount, the outstanding Letter of Credit Advance of the Issuing Bank with respect to such unreimbursed drawing.
Letter of Credit Advances
Letter of Credit Advance
Section
2.02(g)
Section 2.02(f)
 
(h) . Each Issuing Bank will furnish to the Administrative Agent prompt written notice of each issuance or renewal of a Letter of Credit (including the Available Amount and expiration date thereof), amendment to a Letter of Credit, cancellation of a Letter of Credit and payment on a Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent will furnish (A) to each Bank prior to the fifteenth Business Day of each calendar quarter a written report summarizing issuance, renewal and expiration dates of Letters of Credit issued or renewed during the preceding calendar quarter and payments and reductions in Available Amount during such calendar quarter on all Letters of Credit and (B) to each Bank prior to the fifteenth Business Day of each calendar quarter a written report setting forth the average daily aggregate Available Amount during the preceding calendar quarter of all Letters of Credit.
Letter of Credit Reports
 
2.03 .
Repayment of Advances
 
(a) .
Account Parties' Reimbursement Obligation
 
(i) Each Account Party hereby agrees to reimburse each Issuing Bank (by making payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Issuing Bank in accordance with ) in the amount of each payment made by each Issuing Bank under any Letter of Credit issued for such Account Party's account, such reimbursement to be made on the date such payment under such Letter of Credit is made by the Issuing Bank (but not earlier than one Business Day after notice of the drawing giving rise to such payment under such Letter of Credit is given to such Account Party). Such reimbursement obligation shall be payable without further notice, protest or demand, all of which are hereby waived, and an action therefor shall immediately accrue. To the extent such payment by such Account Party is not timely made as provided in the first sentence of this
Section
2.07
 
clause (i), such Account Party hereby agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the respective accounts of each Issuing Bank and the Banks which have funded their respective shares of such amount remaining unpaid by such Account Party, on demand, interest at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus 2%, for each day from and including the date on which the Applicable Account Party is to reimburse such Issuing Bank to, but excluding, the date such obligation is paid in full.
 
(ii) The obligation of each Account Party to reimburse each Issuing Bank for any payment made by each Issuing Bank under any Letter of Credit, and the obligation of each Bank under with respect thereto, shall be unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the applicable Letter of Credit Agreement and any other applicable agreement or instrument under all circumstances, including, without limitation, the following circumstances:
Section 2.02(f)
 
(A) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Loan Document, any Letter of Credit Agreement, any Letter of Credit or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto (all of the foregoing being, collectively, the "");
L/C Related Documents
 
(B) any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of, all or any of the obligations of any Account Party or any other Person in respect of any L/C Related Document or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to departure from all or any of the L/C Related Documents;
 
(C) the existence of any claim, set-off, defense or other right that any Account Party or any other Person may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of a Letter of Credit (or any Persons for which any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), any Issuing Bank or any other Person, whether in connection with the transactions contemplated by the L/C Related Documents or any unrelated transaction;
 
(D) any statement or any other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect;
 
(E) payment by any Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or certificate that does not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit;
 
(F) any exchange, release or non-perfection of any collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from the Guaranty or any other guarantee, for all or any of the obligations of any
 
Account Party or any other Person in respect of the L/C Related Documents; or
 
(G) any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, including, without limitation, any other circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, any Account Party or a guarantor.
 
(b) . If any amount received by an Issuing Bank on account of any Letter of Credit Advance shall be avoided, rescinded or otherwise returned or paid over by such Issuing Bank for any reason at any time, whether before or after the termination of this Agreement (or such Issuing Bank believes in good faith that such avoidance, rescission, return or payment is required, whether or not such matter has been adjudicated), each Bank will (except to the extent a corresponding amount received by such Bank on account of its Letter of Credit Advance relating to the same payment on a Letter of Credit has been avoided, rescinded or otherwise returned or paid over by such Bank), promptly upon notice from the Administrative Agent or such Issuing Bank, pay over to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Issuing Bank its Pro Rata Share of such amount, together with its Pro Rata Share of any interest or penalties payable with respect thereto.
Rescission
 
2.04 . The Parent may, upon at least three Business Days' notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate in whole or reduce in part the unused portion of the LC Commitment Amounts; , , that each partial reduction (i) shall be in an aggregate amount of $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and (ii) shall be made ratably among the Banks in accordance with their LC Commitment Amounts.
Termination or Reduction of the LC Commitment Amounts
provided
however
 
2.05 .
Fees
 
(a) . The Account Parties jointly and severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Banks a commitment fee, from the Effective Date in the case of each Initial Bank and from the effective date specified in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Bank in the case of each other Bank until the Expiration Date, payable in arrears quarterly on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December commencing September 30, 2005 and on the Expiration Date, at the rate of the Applicable Commitment Fee Percentage on the average daily Unused LC Commitment Amount of each Bank during such quarter (or shorter period); , , that no commitment fee shall accrue on the LC Commitment Amount of a Defaulting Bank so long as such Bank shall be a Defaulting Bank.
Commitment Fee
provided
however
 
(b) . The Account Parties jointly and severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for its own account such fees as may from time to time be agreed between the Parent and the Administrative Agent.
Administrative Agent's Fees
 
(c)
Letter of Credit Fees, Etc.
 
(i) The Account Parties jointly and severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Bank a commission, payable in
 
arrears quarterly on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December commencing September 30, 2005, and on the Expiration Date, on such Bank's Pro Rata Share of the average daily aggregate Available Amount during such quarter (or shorter period) of all Letters of Credit of each Type outstanding from time to time at the rate equal to the then Applicable Margin with respect to such Type of Letters of Credit.
 
(ii) The Account Parties jointly and severally agree to pay (x) to Wachovia, in its capacity as an Issuing Bank and for its own account, the facing fee referred to the Fee Letter, on the terms set forth therein, and (y) each Issuing Bank's customary issuance, presentation, amendment and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, relating to letters of credit as are from time to time in effect. With respect to each Existing Letters of Credit, the respective Issuing Bank shall be entitled to receive the fees and other amounts provided for under this (to the extent not previously paid to such Issuing Bank pursuant to the Existing Reimbursement Agreement) as if the Existing Letters of Credit were issued hereunder on the Effective Date.
Section 2.05(c)(ii)
 
2.06
Increased Costs, Etc.
 
(a) If, due to either (i) the introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of, in each case after the date hereof, any law or regulation or (ii) the compliance with any guideline or request issued after the date hereof from any central bank or other governmental authority (whether or not having the force of law), there shall be any increase in the cost to any Bank of agreeing to issue or of issuing or maintaining or participating in Letters of Credit or the making of Letter of Credit Advances (excluding, for purposes of this , any such increased costs resulting from (x) Taxes or Other Taxes (as to which shall govern) and (y) changes in the basis of taxation of overall net income or overall gross income by the United States or by the foreign jurisdiction or state under the laws of which such Bank is organized or has its Applicable Lending Office or any political subdivision thereof), then the Account Parties jointly and severally agree to pay, from time to time, within five days after demand by such Bank (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent), which demand shall include a statement of the basis for such demand and a calculation in reasonable detail of the amount demanded, to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Bank additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Bank for such increased cost. A certificate as to the amount of such increased cost, submitted to the Account Parties by such Bank, shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.
Section 2.06
Section 2.08
 
(b) If, due to either (i) the introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of any law or regulation, in each case after the date hereof, or (ii) the compliance with any guideline or request issued after the date hereof from any central bank or other governmental authority (whether or not having the force of law), there shall be any increase in the amount of capital required or expected to be maintained by any Bank or any corporation controlling such Bank as a result of or based upon the existence of such Bank's commitment to lend hereunder and other commitments of such type, then, within five days after demand by such Bank or such corporation (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent), which demand shall include a statement of the basis for such demand and a calculation in reasonable detail of the amount
 
demanded, the Account Parties jointly and severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Bank, from time to time as specified by such Bank, additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Bank in the light of such circumstances, to the extent that such Bank reasonably determines such increase in capital to be allocable to the existence of such Bank's commitment to issue or participate in Letters of Credit hereunder or to the issuance or maintenance of or participation in any Letters of Credit. A certificate as to such amounts submitted to the Account Parties by such Bank shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.
 
(c) Each Bank shall promptly notify the Account Parties and the Administrative Agent of any event of which it has actual knowledge which will result in, and will use reasonable commercial efforts available to it (and not, in such Bank's good faith judgment, otherwise disadvantageous to such Bank) to mitigate or avoid any obligation by the Account Parties to pay any amount pursuant to or above or pursuant to (and, if any Bank has given notice of any such event and thereafter such event ceases to exist, such Bank shall promptly so notify the Account Parties and the Administrative Agent). Without limiting the foregoing, each Bank will designate a different Applicable Lending Office if such designation will avoid (or reduce the cost to the Account Parties of) any event described in the preceding sentence and such designation will not, in such Bank's good faith judgment, be otherwise disadvantageous to such Bank.
Section 2.06(a)
2.06(b)
Section 2.08
 
(d) Notwithstanding the provisions of , or (and without limiting above), if any Bank fails to notify the Account Parties of any event or circumstance that will entitle such Bank to compensation pursuant to , or within 120 days after such Bank obtains actual knowledge of such event or circumstance, then such Bank shall not be entitled to compensation from the Account Parties for any amount arising prior to the date which is 120 days before the date on which such Bank notifies the Account Parties of such event or circumstance. For avoidance of doubt, it is noted that the term "Bank" as used in this and in other Sections of this Agreement includes the Issuing Banks in its capacity as such.
Section 2.06(a)
2.06(b)
2.08
Section 2.06(c)
Section 2.06(a)
2.06(b)
2.08
Section 2.06
 
2.07 .
Payments and Computations
 
(a) The Account Parties shall make each payment hereunder irrespective of any right of counterclaim or set-off (except as otherwise provided in ), not later than 11:00 A.M. (Charlotte, North Carolina time) on the day when due, in U.S. dollars, to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agent's Account in same day funds, with payments being received by the Administrative Agent after such time being deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day. The Administrative Agent will promptly thereafter cause like funds to be distributed (i) if such payment by such Account Party is in respect of principal, interest, commitment fees or any other amount then payable hereunder to more than one Bank, to such Banks for the account of their respective Applicable Lending Offices ratably in accordance with the amounts of such respective amount then payable to such Banks and (ii) if such payment by such Account Party is in respect of any amount then payable hereunder to one Bank, to such Bank for the account of its Applicable Lending Office, in each case to be applied in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Upon its acceptance of an Assignment and Acceptance and recording of the information contained therein in the Register pursuant to , from
Section 2.11
Section
9.07(d)
 
and after the effective date of such Assignment and Acceptance, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments hereunder in respect of the interest assigned thereby to the Bank assignee thereunder, and the parties to such Assignment and Acceptance shall make all appropriate adjustments in such payments for periods prior to such effective date directly between themselves.
 
(b) Each Account Party hereby authorizes each Bank, if an Event of Default under has occurred and is continuing, to charge from time to time against any or all of such Account Party's accounts with such Bank any amount that resulted in such Event of Default.
Section
6.01(a)
 
(c) All computations of interest on Letter of Credit Advances (and any other amount payable by reference to the Base Rate) when the Base Rate is determined by reference to Wachovia's prime rate shall be made by the Administrative Agent on the basis of a year of 365 days or, if applicable, 366 days; all other computations of interest, fees and Letter of Credit commissions shall be made by the Administrative Agent on the basis of a year of 360 days. All such computations shall be made for the actual number of days (including the first day but excluding the last day) occurring in the period for which such interest, fees or commissions are payable. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate, fee or commission hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.
 
(d) Whenever any payment hereunder shall be stated to be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day, and such extension of time shall in such case be included in the computation of payment of interest or fee, as the case may be.
 
2.08 .
Taxes
 
(a) Any and all payments by any Loan Party hereunder shall be made, in accordance with , free and clear of and without deduction for any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings, and all liabilities with respect thereto, excluding, in the case of each Bank and each Agent, taxes that are imposed on its overall net income by the United States and taxes that are imposed on its overall net income (and franchise taxes imposed in lieu thereof) by the state or foreign jurisdiction under the laws of which such Bank or such Agent, as the case may be, is organized or any political subdivision thereof and, in the case of each Bank, taxes that are imposed on its overall net income (and franchise taxes imposed in lieu thereof) by the state or foreign jurisdiction of such Bank's Applicable Lending Office or any political subdivision thereof (all such non-excluded taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges, withholdings and liabilities in respect of payments hereunder being herein referred to as ""). If any Loan Party shall be required by law to deduct any Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable hereunder or to any Bank or any Agent, (i) the sum payable by such Loan Party shall be increased as may be necessary so that after such Loan Party and the Administrative Agent have made all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this ) such Bank or such Agent, as the case may be, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) such Loan Party shall make all such deductions and (iii) such Loan Party shall pay the full
Section 2.07
Taxes
Section 2.08
 
amount deducted to the relevant taxation authority or other authority in accordance with applicable law.
 
(b) In addition, each Loan Party shall pay any present or future stamp, documentary, excise, property or similar taxes, charges or levies that arise from any payment made hereunder or from the execution, delivery or registration of, performance under, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document (herein referred to as "").
Other Taxes
 
(c) Each Loan Party shall indemnify each Bank and each Agent for and hold them harmless against the full amount of Taxes and Other Taxes, and for the full amount of taxes of any kind imposed by any jurisdiction on amounts payable under this , imposed on or paid by such Bank or such Agent (as the case may be) and any liability (including penalties, additions to tax, interest and expenses) arising therefrom or with respect thereto. This indemnification payment shall be made within 30 days from the date such Bank or such Agent (as the case may be) makes written demand therefor.
Section 2.08
 
(d) Within 30 days after the date of any payment of Taxes, each Loan Party shall furnish to the Administrative Agent, at its address referred to in , the original or a certified copy of a receipt evidencing such payment. In the case of any payment hereunder by or on behalf of a Loan Party through an account or branch outside the United States or by or on behalf of a Loan Party by a payor that is not a United States person, if such Loan Party determines that no Taxes are payable in respect thereof, such Loan Party shall furnish, or shall cause such payor to furnish, to the Administrative Agent, at such address, an opinion of counsel acceptable to the Administrative Agent stating that such payment is exempt from Taxes. For purposes of this or , the terms "United States" and "United States person" shall have the meanings specified in Section 7701(a)(9) and 7701(a)(10) of the Internal Revenue Code, respectively.
Section
9.02
Section 2.08(d)
Section 2.08(e)
 
(e) Each Bank organized under the laws of a jurisdiction outside the United States shall, on or prior to the date of its execution and delivery of this Agreement in the case of each Initial Bank or each Issuing Bank, as the case may be, and on the date of the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it becomes a Bank in the case of each other Bank, and from time to time thereafter as requested in writing by the Parent (but only so long thereafter as such Bank remains lawfully able to do so), provide each of the Administrative Agent and the Parent with two original Internal Revenue Service forms W-8BEN or W-8ECI or (in the case of a Bank that has certified in writing to the Administrative Agent that it is not a "bank" as defined in Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code) form W-8 (and, if such Bank delivers a form W-8, a certificate representing that such Bank is not a "bank" for purposes of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code, is not a 10-percent shareholder (within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code) of the Parent and is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Parent (within the meaning of Section 864(d)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code)), as appropriate, or any successor or other form prescribed by the Internal Revenue Service, certifying that such Bank is exempt from or entitled to a reduced rate of United States withholding tax on payments pursuant to this Agreement or, in the case of a Bank providing a form W-8, certifying that such Bank is a foreign corporation, partnership, estate or trust. If the forms provided by a Bank at the time such Bank first becomes a party to this Agreement indicate a United States interest withholding tax rate in excess of zero, withholding
 
tax at such rate shall be considered excluded from Taxes unless and until such Bank provides the appropriate forms certifying that a lesser rate applies, whereupon withholding tax at such lesser rate only shall be considered excluded from Taxes for periods governed by such forms; , , that if, at the effective date of the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which a Bank becomes a party to this Agreement, the Bank assignor was entitled to payments under in respect of United States withholding tax with respect to interest paid at such date, then, to such extent, the term Taxes shall include (in addition to withholding taxes that may be imposed in the future or other amounts otherwise includable in Taxes) United States withholding tax, if any, applicable with respect to the Bank assignee on such date. If any form or document referred to in this requires the disclosure of information, other than information necessary to compute the tax payable and information required on the date hereof by Internal Revenue Service form W-8BEN, W-8ECI or W-8 (and the related certificate described above), that the Bank reasonably considers to be confidential, the Bank shall give notice thereof to the Parent and shall not be obligated to include in such form or document such confidential information.
provided
however
Section 2.08(a)
Section 2.08(e)
 
(f) For any period with respect to which a Bank which may lawfully do so has failed to provide the Parent with the appropriate form described in above ( if such failure is due to a change in law occurring after the date on which a form originally was required to be provided or if such form otherwise is not required under above), such Bank shall not be entitled to indemnification under or with respect to Taxes imposed by the United States by reason of such failure; , , that should a Bank become subject to Taxes because of its failure to deliver a form required hereunder, the Parent shall take such steps as such Bank shall reasonably request to assist such Bank to recover such Taxes.
Section 2.08(e)
other than
Section 2.08(e)
Sections 2.08(a)
2.08(c)
provided
however
 
(g) Each Bank represents and warrants to the Account Parties that, as of the date such Bank becomes a party to this Agreement, such Bank is entitled to receive payments hereunder from the Account Parties without deduction or withholding for or on account of any Taxes.
 
2.09 If any Bank shall obtain at any time any payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of set-off, or otherwise, other than as a result of an assignment pursuant to ) (a) on account of obligations due and payable to such Bank hereunder at such time in excess of its ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such obligations due and payable to such Bank at such time to (ii) the aggregate amount of the obligations due and payable to all Banks hereunder at such time) of payments on account of the obligations due and payable to all Banks hereunder at such time obtained by all the Banks at such time or (b) on account of obligations owing (but not due and payable) to such Bank hereunder at such time in excess of its ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such obligations owing to such Bank at such time to (ii) the aggregate amount of the obligations owing (but not due and payable) to all Banks hereunder at such time) of payments on account of the obligations owing (but not due and payable) to all Banks hereunder at such time obtained by all of the Banks at such time, such Bank shall forthwith purchase from the other Banks such interests or participating interests in the obligations due and payable or owing to them, as the case may be, as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing Bank to share the excess payment ratably with each of them; , , that if all or any portion of such excess payment is thereafter recovered from such purchasing
Sharing of Payments, Etc.
Section
9.07
provided
however
 
Bank, such purchase from each other Bank shall be rescinded and such other Bank shall repay to the purchasing Bank the purchase price to the extent of such Bank's ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the purchase price paid to such Bank to (ii) the aggregate purchase price paid to all Banks) of such recovery together with an amount equal to such Bank's ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such other Bank's required repayment to (ii) the total amount so recovered from the purchasing Bank) of any interest or other amount paid or payable by the purchasing Bank in respect of the total amount so recovered. Each Account Party agrees that any Bank so purchasing an interest or participating interest from another Bank pursuant to this may, to the fullest extent permitted by law, exercise all its rights of payment (including the right of set-off) with respect to such interest or participating interest, as the case may be, as fully as if such Bank were the direct creditor of such Account Party in the amount of such interest or participating interest, as the case may be.
Section 2.09
 
2.10 . The Letters of Credit shall be used for the general corporate purposes of the Account Parties and their respective Subsidiaries.
Use of Letters of Credit
 
2.11 .
Defaulting Banks
 
(a) In the event that, at any one time, (i) any Bank shall be a Defaulting Bank, (ii) such Defaulting Bank shall owe a Defaulted Amount to any Agent or any of the other Banks and (iii) any Account Party shall make any payment hereunder or under any other Loan Document to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Bank, then the Administrative Agent may, on its behalf or on behalf of such other Banks and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, apply at such time the amount so paid by such Account Party to or for the account of such Defaulting Bank to the payment of each such Defaulted Amount to the extent required to pay such Defaulted Amount. In the event that the Administrative Agent shall so apply any such amount to the payment of any such Defaulted Amount on any date, the amount so applied by the Administrative Agent shall constitute for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents payment, to such extent, of such Defaulted Amount on such date. Any such amount so applied by the Administrative Agent shall be retained by the Administrative Agent or distributed by the Administrative Agent to such other Banks, ratably in accordance with the respective portions of such Defaulted Amounts payable at such time to the Administrative Agent and such other Banks and, if the amount of such payment made by such Account Party shall at such time be insufficient to pay all Defaulted Amounts owing at such time to the Administrative Agent, such other Agents and such other Banks, in the following order of priority:
 
(i) , to the Agents for any Defaulted Amounts then owing to the Agents;
first
 
(ii) , to the Issuing Banks for any amount then due and payable to them, in their capacity as such, by such Defaulting Bank, ratably in accordance with such amounts then due and payable to the Issuing Banks; and
second
 
(iii) , to any other Banks for any Defaulted Amounts then owing to such other Banks, ratably in accordance with such respective Defaulted Amounts then owing to such other Banks.
third
 
Any portion of such amount paid by such Account Party for the account of such Defaulting Bank remaining, after giving effect to the amount applied by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this , shall be applied by the Administrative Agent as specified in .
Section 2.11(a)
Section 2.11(b)
 
(b) In the event that, at any one time, (i) any Bank shall be a Defaulting Bank, (ii) such Defaulting Bank shall not owe a Defaulted Amount and (iii) any Account Party, any Agent or other Bank shall be required to pay or distribute any amount hereunder or under any other Loan Document to or for the account of such Defaulting Bank, then such Account Party or such Agent or such other Bank shall pay such amount to the Administrative Agent to be held by the Administrative Agent, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in escrow and the Administrative Agent shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, hold in escrow such amount otherwise held by it. Any funds held by the Administrative Agent in escrow under this shall be deposited by the Administrative Agent in an account with Wachovia in the name and under the control of the Administrative Agent, but subject to the provisions of this . The terms applicable to such account, including the rate of interest payable with respect to the credit balance of such account from time to time, shall be Wachovia's standard terms applicable to escrow accounts maintained with it. Any interest credited to such account from time to time shall be held by the Administrative Agent in escrow under, and applied by the Administrative Agent from time to time in accordance with the provisions of, this . The Administrative Agent shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, apply all funds so held in escrow from time to time to the extent necessary to make any Advances required to be made by such Defaulting Bank and to pay any amount payable by such Defaulting Bank hereunder and under the other Loan Documents to the Administrative Agent or any other Bank, as and when such Advances or amounts are required to be made or paid and, if the amount so held in escrow shall at any time be insufficient to make and pay all such Advances and amounts required to be made or paid at such time, in the following order of priority:
Section 2.11(b)
Section 2.11(b)
Section 2.11(b)
 
(i) , to the Agents for any amounts then due and payable by such Defaulting Bank to the Agents hereunder;
first
 
(ii) , to the Issuing Banks for any amount then due and payable to them, in their capacity as such, by such Defaulting Bank, ratably in accordance with such amounts then due and payable to such Issuing Banks; and
second
 
(iii) , to any other Banks for any amount then due and payable by such Defaulting Bank to such other Banks hereunder, ratably in accordance with such respective amounts then due and payable to such other Banks.
third
 
In the event that any Bank that is a Defaulting Bank shall, at any time, cease to be a Defaulting Bank, any funds held by the Administrative Agent in escrow at such time with respect to such Bank shall be distributed by the Administrative Agent to such Bank and applied by such Bank to the obligations owing to such Bank at such time under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents ratably in accordance with the respective amounts of such obligations outstanding at such time.
 
(c) The rights and remedies against a Defaulting Bank under this are in addition to other rights and remedies that any Agent or any Bank may have against such Defaulting Bank with respect to any Defaulted Amount.
Section 2.11
 
2.12 . At any time any Bank is an Affected Bank, the Account Parties may replace such Affected Bank as a party to this Agreement with one or more other Banks and/or Eligible Assignees, and upon notice from the Account Parties such Affected Bank shall assign pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance, and without recourse or warranty, its LC Commitment Amount, its Letter of Credit Advances, its obligations to fund Letter of Credit payments, its participation in, and its rights and obligations with respect to, Letters of Credit, and all of its other rights and obligations hereunder to such other Banks and/or Eligible Assignees for a purchase price equal to the sum of the principal amount of the Letter of Credit Advances so assigned, all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, such Affected Bank's ratable share of all accrued and unpaid fees payable pursuant to and all other obligations owed to such Affected Bank hereunder.
Replacement of Affected Bank
Section 2.05
 
2.13 .
Certain Provisions Relating to the Issuing Banks and Letters of Credit
 
(a) . The representations, warranties and covenants by the Account Parties under, and the rights and remedies of each Issuing Bank under, any Letter of Credit Agreement relating to any Letter of Credit are in addition to, and not in limitation or derogation of, representations, warranties and covenants by the Account Parties under, and rights and remedies of each Issuing Bank and the Banks under, this Agreement and applicable law. Each Account Party acknowledges and agrees that all rights of each Issuing Bank under any Letter of Credit Agreement shall inure to the benefit of each Bank to the extent of its Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment and Letter of Credit Advances as fully as if such Bank was a party to such Letter of Credit Agreement. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of this Agreement and any Letter of Credit Agreement, this Agreement shall prevail.
Letter of Credit Agreements
 
(b) . The Issuing Banks shall have no duties or responsibilities to any Agent or any Bank except those expressly set forth in this Agreement, and no implied duties or responsibilities on the part of the Issuing Banks shall be read into this Agreement or shall otherwise exist. The duties and responsibilities of the Issuing Banks to the Banks and the Agents under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be mechanical and administrative in nature, and the Issuing Banks shall not have a fiduciary relationship in respect of any Agent, any Bank or any other Person. No Issuing Bank shall be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it under or in connection with this Agreement or any Loan Document or Letter of Credit, except to the extent resulting from its gross negligence or willful misconduct, as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. The Issuing Banks shall not be under any obligation to ascertain, inquire or give any notice to any Agent or any Bank relating to (i) the performance or observance of any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement or any other Loan Document on the part of any Account Party, (ii) the business, operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Account Parties or any other Person, or (iii) the existence of any Default. The Issuing Banks shall not be under any obligation, either initially or on a continuing basis, to provide any Agent or any Bank with any notices, reports or information of any nature, whether in its possession presently or hereafter, except for such notices, reports and other information expressly required by this Agreement to be so furnished. The Issuing
Certain Provisions
 
Banks shall not be responsible for the execution, delivery, effectiveness, enforceability, genuineness, validity or adequacy of this Agreement or any Loan Document.
 
(c) . Each Issuing Bank may rely upon any notice or other communication of any nature (written, electronic or oral, including but not limited to telephone conversations and transmissions through each Issuing Bank's remote access system, whether or not such notice or other communication is made in a manner permitted or required by this Agreement or any other Loan Document) purportedly made by or on behalf of the proper party or parties, and each Issuing Bank shall not have any duty to verify the identity or authority of any Person giving such notice or other communication. Each Issuing Bank may consult with legal counsel (including, without limitation, its in-house counsel or in-house or other counsel for the Account Parties), independent public accountants and any other experts selected by it from time to time, and each Issuing Bank shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts. Whenever an Issuing Bank shall deem it necessary or desirable that a matter be proved or established with respect to any Account Party, any Agent or any Bank, such matter may be established by a certificate of such Account Party, such Agent or such Bank, as the case may be, and such Issuing Bank may conclusively rely upon such certificate. An Issuing Bank shall not be deemed to have any knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default unless such Issuing Bank has received notice from a Bank, an Agent or an Account Party referring to this Agreement, describing such Default, and stating that such notice is a "notice of default".
Administration
 
(d) . Each Bank hereby agrees to reimburse and indemnify each Issuing Bank and each of its directors, officers, employees and agents (to the extent not reimbursed by the Account Parties and without limitation of the obligations of the Account Parties to do so), in accordance with its Pro Rata Share, from and against any and all amounts, losses, liabilities, claims, damages, expenses, obligations, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs or disbursements of any kind or nature (including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel (other than in-house counsel) for each Issuing Bank or such other Person in connection with any investigative, administrative or judicial proceeding commenced or threatened, whether or not each Issuing Bank or such other Person shall be designated a party thereto) that may at any time be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against each Issuing Bank, in its capacity as such, or such other Person, as a result of, or arising out of, or in any way related to or by reason of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any Letter of Credit, any transaction from time to time contemplated hereby or thereby, or any transaction financed in whole or in part or directly or indirectly with the proceeds of any Letter of Credit, , that no Bank shall be liable for any portion of such amounts, losses, liabilities, claims, damages, expenses, obligations, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs or disbursements to the extent resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of an Issuing Bank or such other Person, as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction.
Indemnification of Issuing Banks by Banks
provided
 
(e) . With respect to its commitments and the obligations owing to it, each Issuing Bank shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement and each other Loan Document as any other Bank and may exercise the same as though it were not an Issuing Bank, and the term "Banks" and like terms shall include each Issuing Bank in its individual capacity as such. Each Issuing Bank and its affiliates may, without liability to account to any Person, make loans to, accept deposits from, acquire debt or equity
Issuing Banks in their Individual Capacity
 
interests in, act as trustee under indentures of, act as agent under other credit facilities for, and engage in any other business with, any Account Party and any stockholder, subsidiary or affiliate of any Account Party, as though such Issuing Bank were not an Issuing Bank hereunder.
 
2.14 .
Downgrade Event with Respect to a Bank
 
(a) If a Downgrade Event shall occur with respect to (i) any Downgraded Bank or (ii) any other Bank and, as a result thereof, such other Bank becomes a Downgraded Bank, then the Administrative Agent may, by notice to such Downgraded Bank and the Parent within 45 days after such Downgrade Event (any such notice, a ""), request that the Account Parties use reasonable efforts to replace such Bank as a party to this Agreement pursuant to . If such Bank is not so replaced within 45 days after receipt by the Account Parties of such Downgrade Notice, (x) if no Default exists and such Downgraded Bank has not exercised its right to remain a Bank hereunder pursuant to clause (y) below, the following shall occur concurrently:
Downgrade Notice
Section 2.12
then
 
(i) the Committed Facility shall be reduced by the amount of the LC Commitment Amount of such Downgraded Bank,
 
(ii) the Account Parties shall prepay all amounts owed to such Downgraded Bank hereunder or in connection herewith,
 
(iii) if, upon the reduction of the Committed Facility under clause (i) above and the payment under clause (ii) above, the sum of the principal amount of all Advances plus the Available Amount of all Letters of Credit (valuing the Available Amount of, and Letter of Credit Advances of the Issuing Banks in respect of, any Non-Dollar Letter of Credit at the Dollar Equivalent thereof as of the time of such calculation) would exceed the amount of the Committed Facility, then the Account Parties will immediately eliminate such excess by paying Advances and/or causing the Available Amount of one or more Letters of Credit to be reduced, and
 
(iv) upon completion of the events described in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above, such Downgraded Bank shall cease to be a party to this Agreement;
 
or (y) if a Default exists or, not later than 30 days after receipt of such Downgrade Notice, such Downgraded Bank notifies the Account Parties, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent that such Downgraded Bank elects to provide (in a manner reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent) cash collateral to the Administrative Agent for (or if such Downgraded Bank is unable, without regulatory approval, to provide cash collateral, a letter of credit reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent covering) its contingent obligations to reimburse each Issuing Bank for any payment under any Letter of Credit as provided in (its ""), such Downgraded Bank shall be obligated to (and each Bank agrees that in such circumstances it will) deliver to the Administrative Agent (I) immediately, cash collateral (or, as aforesaid, a letter of credit) in an amount equal to its LC Participation Obligations and (II) from time to time thereafter (so long as it is a Downgraded Bank), cash collateral (or, as aforesaid, a letter of credit) sufficient to cover any increase in its LC
Section
2.02(f)
LC Participation Obligations
 
Participation Obligations as a result of any proposed issuance of or increase in a Letter of Credit. Any funds provided by a Downgraded Bank for such purpose shall be maintained in segregated deposit accounts in the name of the Issuing Banks at the Administrative Agent's principal offices in the United States (each a ""). The funds so deposited in any Downgrade Account (or any drawing under such a letter of credit) shall be used only in accordance with the following provisions of this .
Downgrade Account
Section 2.14
 
(b) If any Downgraded Bank shall be required to fund its participation in a payment under a Letter of Credit pursuant to , then the Administrative Agent shall apply the funds deposited in the applicable Downgrade Account by such Downgraded Bank (or any drawing under such a letter of credit) to fund such participation. The deposit of funds in a Downgrade Account by any Downgraded Bank (or any drawing under such a letter of credit) shall not constitute a Letter of Credit Advance (and the Downgraded Bank shall not be entitled to interest on such funds except as provided in below) unless and until (and then only to the extent that) such funds (or any drawing under such a letter of credit) are used by the Administrative Agent to fund the participation of such Downgraded Bank pursuant to the first sentence of this .
Section
2.02(f)
Section 2.14(c)
Section 2.14(b)
 
(c) Funds in a Downgrade Account shall be invested in such investments as may be agreed between the Administrative Agent and the applicable Downgraded Bank, and the income from such investments shall be distributed to such Downgraded Bank from time to time (but not less often than monthly) as agreed between the Administrative Agent and such Downgraded Bank. The Administrative Agent will (i) from time to time, upon request by a Downgraded Bank, release to such Downgraded Bank any amount on deposit in the applicable Downgrade Account in excess of the LC Participation Obligations of such Downgraded Bank (or, if applicable, not draw under any such letter of credit in excess of the L/C Participation Obligations of such Downgraded Bank) and (ii) upon the earliest to occur of (A) the effective date of any replacement of such Downgraded Bank as a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance, (B) the termination of such Downgraded Bank's LC Commitment Amount pursuant to or (C) the first Business Day after receipt by the Administrative Agent of evidence (reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) that such Bank is no longer a Downgraded Bank, release to such Bank all amounts on deposit in the applicable Downgrade Account (or, if applicable, return such letter of credit to such Bank for cancellation).
Section 2.14(a)
 
(d) At any time any Downgraded Bank is required to maintain cash collateral with the Administrative Agent pursuant to this , the Issuing Banks shall have no obligation to issue or increase any Letter of Credit unless such Downgraded Bank has provided sufficient funds as cash collateral to the Administrative Agent to cover all LC Participation Obligations of such Downgraded Bank (including in respect of the Letter of Credit to be issued or increased).
Section 2.14
 
2.15 .
Non-Dollar Letters of Credit
 
(a) The Account Parties, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Banks (i) agree that an Issuing Bank may (in its sole discretion), with the prior approval of the Administrative Agent, issue Letters of Credit ("") in currencies other than U.S. dollars and (ii) further agree as set forth in the following subsections of this with respect to such Non-Dollar Letters of Credit.
Non-Dollar Letters of Credit
Section 2.15
 
(b) The Account Parties agree that their reimbursement obligations under and any resulting Letter of Credit Advance, in each case in respect of a drawing under any Non-Dollar Letter of Credit, (i) shall be payable in Dollars at the Dollar Equivalent of such obligation in the currency in which such Non-Dollar Letter of Credit was issued (determined on the date of payment by the Account Parties or, in the event of payment by the Banks pursuant to , on the date of such payment by the Banks), and (ii) shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus 2%, for each day from and including the date on which the Applicable Account Party is to reimburse an Issuing Bank pursuant to to but excluding the date such obligation is paid in full.
Section 2.03(a)
Section 2.02(f)
Section 2.03(a)
 
(c) Each Bank agrees that its obligation to pay an Issuing Bank such Bank's Pro Rata Share of the unreimbursed portion of any payment by such Issuing Bank under in respect of a drawing under any Non-Dollar Letter of Credit shall be payable in Dollars at the Dollar Equivalent of such obligation in the currency in which such Non-Dollar Letter of Credit was issued (calculated on the date of payment), and any such amount which is not paid when due shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Overnight Rate , beginning on the third Business Day after such amount was due, 2%.
Section 2.02(f)
plus
 
(d) For purposes of determining whether there is availability for the Account Parties to request any Advance or to request the issuance or extension of, or any increase in, any Letter of Credit, the Dollar Equivalent amount of the Available Amount of each Non-Dollar Letter of Credit shall be calculated as of the date such Advance is to be made or such Letter of Credit is to be issued, extended or increased.
 
(e) For purposes of determining the letter of credit fee under , the Dollar Equivalent amount of the Available Amount of any Non-Dollar Letter of Credit shall be determined on each of (i) the date of an issuance, extension or change in the Available Amount of such Non-Dollar Letter of Credit, (ii) the date of any payment by an Issuing Bank in respect of a drawing under such Non-Dollar Letter of Credit, (iii) the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December and (iv) each day on which the LC Commitment Amounts are to be reduced pursuant to (it being understood that no requested reduction shall be permitted to the extent that, after making a calculation pursuant to this , such reduction would be greater than the unused portion of the LC Commitment Amounts).
Section 2.05(c)
Section 2.04
Section 2.15(e)
 
(f) If, on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, the sum of the principal amount of all Advances plus the Available Amount of all Letters of Credit (valuing the Available Amount of, and Letter of Credit Advances in respect of, any Non-Dollar Letter of Credit at the Dollar Equivalent thereof as of such day) would exceed the amount of the Committed Facility, then the Account Parties will immediately eliminate such excess by paying Advances and/or causing the Available Amount of one or more Letters of Credit to be reduced.
 
(g) If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due in respect of any Non-Dollar Letter of Credit in one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at which, in accordance with its normal banking procedures, Wachovia in its capacity as an Issuing Bank could purchase the first currency with such other currency on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given. The obligation of any Account Party in respect of any such sum due from it to any Issuing Bank or any Bank
 
hereunder shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the "") other than that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement and the applicable Non-Dollar Letter of Credit (the ""), be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by such Issuing Bank or such Bank of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, such Issuing Bank or such Bank may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to such Issuing Bank or such Bank in the Agreement Currency, the Applicable Account Party agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify such Issuing Bank or such Bank, as applicable, against such loss. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is greater than the sum originally due to such Issuing Bank or such Bank in such currency, each Issuing Bank and each Bank agrees to return the amount of any excess to the Applicable Account Party (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under applicable law).
Judgment Currency
Agreement Currency
 
(h) For purposes of this , "" means, in relation to an amount denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars, the amount of U.S. dollars which could be purchased with such amount by Wachovia in its capacity as an Issuing Bank in accordance with its customary procedures (and giving effect to any transaction costs) at the quoted foreign exchange spot rate of Wachovia in its capacity as an Issuing Bank at the time of determination; and "" means, for any day, the rate of interest per annum at which overnight deposits in the applicable currency, in an amount approximately equal to the amount with respect to which such rate is being determined, would be offered for such day by Wachovia in its capacity as an Issuing Bank to major banks in the London or other applicable offshore interbank market. The Overnight Rate for any day which is not a Business Day (or on which dealings are not carried on in the applicable offshore interbank market) shall be the Overnight Rate for the immediately preceding Business Day.
Section 2.15
Dollar Equivalent
Overnight Rate
 
2.16 .
Increase of LC Commitment Amounts
 
(a) From time to time subsequent to the Effective Date, the Account Parties jointly may, upon at least five days' notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly provide a copy of such notice to the Banks), propose to increase the aggregate amount of the LC Commitment Amounts by an amount which (i) is not less than $25,000,000, or an integral multiple of $5,000,000 in excess thereof, with respect to any such request nor (ii) when aggregated with all prior increases in (A) the LC Commitment Amounts pursuant to this and (B) the commitments under the Secured Letter of Credit Facility pursuant to Section 2.16 of such agreement, is not in excess of $500,000,000. The Borrowers may increase the aggregate LC Commitment Amounts by (i) agreeing with any Bank to increase its LC Commitment Amount hereunder, (ii) having another bank or other banks reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (each, an "") become party to this Agreement or (iii) a combination of the procedures described in clauses (i) and (ii) of this sentence.
Section 2.16
Additional Bank
 
(b) An increase in the aggregate amount of the LC Commitment Amounts pursuant to this shall become effective upon the receipt by the Administrative Agent of an agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent signed by the Account Parties, by each Additional Bank and by each other Bank whose LC Commitment Amount is to
Section 2.16
 
be increased, setting forth the new LC Commitment Amounts of such Banks and setting forth the agreement of each Additional Bank to become a party to this Agreement and to be bound by all the terms and provisions hereof, together with such evidence of appropriate corporate authorization on the part of the Account Parties with respect thereto and such opinions of counsel for the Account Parties with respect thereto as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. At the time of any increase in the aggregate LC Commitment Amount pursuant to this , the Account Parties shall represent (i) that, immediately before and after such increase is made, no Default under this Agreement or the Secured Letter of Credit Facility has occurred and is continuing and (ii) that the representations and warranties of the Account Parties contained in the Loan Documents and the Secured Letter of Credit Facility are true in all material respects on and as of the date such increase is made, except for such representations or warranties which by their terms are made as of a specified date, which shall be true and correct as of such specified date.
Section 2.16
 
 
 
3.01 . The occurrence of the Effective Date, and the obligation of the Issuing Banks to issue any Letter of Credit on the Effective Date, is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent:
Conditions Precedent to Effective Date
 
(a) The Administrative Agent shall have received the following, each dated the Effective Date (unless otherwise specified), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (unless otherwise specified) and in sufficient copies for each Bank:
 
(i) Certified copies of the resolutions of the Board of Directors of each Loan Party approving the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents and each Loan Document to which it is or is to be a party, and of all documents evidencing other necessary corporate action and governmental and other third party approvals and consents, if any, with transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents and each Loan Document to which it is or is to be a party.
 
(ii) A copy of a certificate of the Secretary of State or other appropriate official of the jurisdiction of incorporation of each Loan Party, dated reasonably near the Effective Date, certifying as to the good standing (or existence) of such Loan Party.
 
(iii) A certificate of each Loan Party, signed on behalf of such Loan Party by its President or a Vice President (or equivalent officer if such Loan Party has no Vice President) and its Secretary or any Assistant Secretary (the statements made in which certificate shall be true on and as of the Effective Date), certifying as to (1) a true and correct copy of the constitutional documents of such Loan Party as in effect on the date on which the resolutions referred to in were adopted and on the Effective Date, (2) the due incorporation and good standing or valid existence of such Loan Party as a corporation organized under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, and
Section 3.01(a)(i)
 
the absence of any proceeding for the dissolution or liquidation of such Loan Party, (3) the truth of the representations and warranties contained in the Loan Documents as though made on and as of the Effective Date and (4) the absence of any event occurring and continuing, or resulting from the Effective Date, that constitutes a Default.
 
(iv) A certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of each Loan Party certifying the names and true signatures of the officers of such Loan Party authorized to sign each Loan Document to which it is or is to be a party and the other documents to be delivered hereunder and thereunder.
 
(v) Favorable opinions of (1) Maples and Calder, Cayman Islands counsel for the Parent, in substantially the form of hereto and as to such other matters as any Bank through the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, (2) Mayer, Brown, Rowe & Maw LLP, New York counsel for the Loan Parties, in substantially the form of hereto and as to such other matters as any Bank through the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, and (3) Conyers Dill & Pearman, Bermuda counsel for ACE Bermuda, Tempest Life and Tempest, in substantially the form of hereto and as to such other matters as any Bank through the Administrative Agent may reasonably request.
Exhibit B-1
Exhibit B-2
Exhibit B-3
 
(b) There shall exist no action, suit, investigation, litigation or proceeding affecting any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries pending or threatened before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator that (x) would be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (y) would reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or the other transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents.
 
(c) No development or change shall have occurred after December 31, 2004, and no information shall have become known after such date, that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
(d) The Account Parties shall have paid all accrued fees of the Administrative Agent and the Banks and all accrued expenses of the Administrative Agent (including the accrued fees and expenses of counsel to the Administrative Agent and local counsel on behalf of all of the Banks), in each case to the extent then due and payable.
 
(e) The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence satisfactory to it that all obligations of any Account Party outstanding under the Existing Reimbursement Agreement and Existing Secured Reimbursement Agreement (other than fees and expenses of Wachovia's counsel) have been repaid and satisfied in full.
 
3.02 . The obligation of the Issuing Banks to issue, extend or increase a Letter of Credit (including any issuance on the Effective Date) shall be subject to the further conditions precedent that on the date of such issuance, extension or increase (a) the following statements shall be true
Conditions Precedent to Each Issuance, Extension or Increase of a Letter of Credit
 
(and each request for issuance, extension, or increase, and the acceptance by the Account Party that requested such issuance, extension or increase shall constitute a representation and warranty by such Account Party that both on the date of such notice and on the date of such issuance, extension or increase such statements are true):
 
(i) the representations and warranties contained in each Loan Document are correct in all material respects on and as of such date, before and after giving effect to such issuance, extension or increase, as though made on and as of such date, other than any such representations or warranties that, by their terms, refer to a specific date other the date of such issuance, extension or increase, in which case as of such specific date (, , that the representation and warranty contained in the last sentence of shall be excluded from this clause (i) at all times after (but shall be included on and as of) the Effective Date); and
provided
however
Section 4.01(g)
 
(ii) no Default has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such issuance, extension or increase;
 
and (b) the Administrative Agent shall have received such other approvals, opinions or documents as any Bank or any Issuing Bank through the Administrative Agent may reasonably request.
 
3.03 . For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in , each Bank shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to the Banks unless an officer of the Administrative Agent responsible for the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents shall have received notice from such Bank prior to the Effective Date specifying its objection thereto, that such Bank has been given at least one Business Day's notice that the final form of such document or matter is available for its review.
Determinations Under Section 3.01
Section 3.01
provided
 
 
 
4.01 . Each Account Party represents and warrants as follows:
Representations and Warranties of the Account Parties
 
(a) Each Loan Party and each of its Material Subsidiaries (i) is duly organized or formed, validly existing and, to the extent such concept applies, in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation, (ii) is duly qualified and in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each other jurisdiction in which it owns or leases property or in which the conduct of its business requires it to so qualify or be licensed except where the failure to so qualify or be licensed would not be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect and (iii) has all requisite power and authority (including, without limitation, all governmental licenses, permits and other approvals) to own or lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted, except where the failure to have any license, permit or other approval would not be reasonably likely to have a
 
Material Adverse Effect. All of the outstanding Equity Interests in each Account Party (other than the Parent) have been validly issued, are fully paid and non-assessable and (except for any Preferred Securities issued after the date of this Agreement) are owned, directly or indirectly, by the Parent free and clear of all Liens.
 
(b) Set forth on hereto is a complete and accurate list of all Subsidiaries of each Loan Party as of the Effective Date.
Schedule 4.01(b)
 
(c) The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which it is or is to be a party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, are within such Loan Party's corporate powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and do not (i) contravene such Loan Party's constitutional documents, (ii) violate any law, rule, regulation (including, without limitation, Regulation X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award, (iii) conflict with or result in the breach of, or constitute a default under, any contract, loan agreement, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, lease or other instrument binding on or affecting any Loan Party, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their properties or (iv) except for the Liens created under the Loan Documents, result in or require the creation or imposition of any Lien upon or with respect to any of the properties of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries. No Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of any such law, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award or in breach of any such contract, loan agreement, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, lease or other instrument, the violation or breach of which would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
(d) No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body or any other third party is required for (i) the due execution, delivery, recordation, filing or performance by any Loan Party of any Loan Document to which it is or is to be a party or the other transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, or (ii) the exercise by the Administrative Agent or any Bank of its rights under the Loan Documents, except for the authorizations, approvals, actions, notices and filings which have been duly obtained, taken, given or made and are in full force and effect, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws of general application relating to creditors' rights and to general principles of equity.
 
(e) This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document when delivered hereunder will have been, duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party party thereto. This Agreement is, and each other Loan Document when delivered hereunder will be, the legal, valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party party thereto, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms.
 
(f) There is no action, suit, investigation, litigation or proceeding affecting any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, including any Environmental Action, pending or, to such Loan Party's knowledge, threatened before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator that (i) would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) would reasonably be expected to affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents.
 
(g) The Consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at December 31, 2004, and the related Consolidated statements of income and of cash flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year then ended, accompanied by an unqualified opinion of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent public accountants, and the Consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at March 31, 2005, and the related Consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the three months then ended, duly certified by the Chief Financial Officer of the Parent, copies of which have been furnished to each Bank, fairly present, subject, in the case of said balance sheet as at March 31, 2005, and said statements of income and cash flows for the three months then ended, to year-end audit adjustments, the Consolidated financial condition of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at such dates and the Consolidated results of operations of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the periods ended on such dates, all in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis (subject, in the case of the March 31, 2005 balance sheet and statements of income and cash flows, to the absence of footnotes). Since December 31, 2004, there has been no Material Adverse Change.
 
(h) No written information, exhibit or report furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party to any Agent or any Bank in connection with the negotiation and syndication of the Loan Documents or pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made therein not misleading as at the date it was dated (or if not dated, so delivered).
 
(i) Margin Stock constitutes less than 25% of the value of those assets of any Account Party which are subject to any limitation on sale, pledge or other disposition hereunder.
 
(j) Neither any Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries is an "investment company", or an "affiliated person" of, or "promoter" or "principal underwriter" for, an "investment company", as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Neither the making of any Advances, nor the issuance of any Letters of Credit, nor the application of the proceeds or repayment thereof by any Account Party, nor the consummation of the other transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, will violate any provision of such Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder.
 
(k) Each Loan Party is, individually and together with its Subsidiaries, Solvent.
 
(l) Except to the extent that any and all events and conditions under clauses (i) through (v) below of this in the aggregate are not reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect:
Section 4.01(l)
 
(i) Neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred or is reasonably expected to incur any Withdrawal Liability to any Multiemployer Plan.
 
(ii) With respect to each scheme or arrangement mandated by a government other than the United States (a "") and with respect to each employee benefit plan that is not subject to United States law maintained or contributed to by any Loan Party or with
Foreign Government Scheme or Arrangement
 
respect to which any Subsidiary of any Loan Party may have liability under applicable local law (a ""):
Foreign Plan
 
(A) Any employer and employee contributions required by law or by the terms of any Foreign Government Scheme or Arrangement or any Foreign Plan have been made, or, if applicable, accrued, in accordance with normal accounting practices.
 
(B) The fair market value of the assets of each funded Foreign Plan, the liability of each insurer for any Foreign Plan funded through insurance or the book reserve established for any Foreign Plan, together with any accrued contributions, is sufficient to procure or provide for the accrued benefit obligations, as of the date hereof, with respect to all current and former participants in such Foreign Plan according to the actuarial assumptions and valuations most recently used to account for such obligations in accordance with applicable generally accepted accounting principles.
 
(C) Each Foreign Plan required to be registered has been registered and has been maintained in good standing with applicable regulatory authorities.
 
(iii) During the twelve-consecutive-month period to the date of the execution and delivery of this Agreement and prior to the request for any Letter of Credit to be issued hereunder, no steps have been taken to terminate any Pension Plan, no contribution failure has occurred with respect to any Pension Plan sufficient to give rise to a lien under section 302(f) of ERISA and no minimum funding waiver has been applied for or is in effect with respect to any Pension Plan. No condition exists or event or transaction has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur with respect to any Pension Plan which could result in any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate incurring any material liability, fine or penalty.
 
(iv) Each Pension Plan is in compliance in all respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Internal Revenue Code and other federal or state laws.
 
(v) No assets of any Loan Party are or are deemed under applicable law to be "plan assets" within the meaning of Department of Labor Regulation 2510.3-101.
 
(m) In the ordinary course of its business, each Account Party reviews the effect of Environmental Laws on the operations and properties of such Account Party and its Subsidiaries, in the course of which it identifies and evaluates associated liabilities and costs (including, without limitation, any capital or operating expenditures required for clean-up or closure of properties presently or previously owned, any capital or operating expenditures required to achieve or maintain compliance with environmental protection standards imposed by law or as a condition of any license, permit or contract, any related constraints on operating activities,
 
including any periodic or permanent shutdown of any facility or reduction in the level of or change in the nature of operations conducted thereat, and any actual or potential liabilities to third parties and any related costs and expenses). On the basis of this review, each Account Party has reasonably concluded that such associated liabilities and costs, including the costs of compliance with Environmental Laws, are unlikely to have a Material Adverse Effect. The operations and properties of each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries comply in all material respects with all applicable Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits, except for non-compliances which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; Hazardous Materials have not been released, discharged or disposed of on any property currently or formerly owned or operated by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and there are no Environmental Actions pending or threatened against any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, and no circumstances exist that could be reasonably likely to form the basis of any such Environmental Action, which (in either case), individually or in the aggregate with all other such pending or threatened actions and circumstances, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
(n) Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries has filed, has caused to be filed or has been included in all material federal tax returns and all other material tax returns required to be filed and has paid all taxes shown thereon to be due, together with applicable interest and penalties, except to the extent contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings (in which case adequate reserves have been established therefor in accordance with GAAP).
 
(o) Set forth on hereto is a list of all letters of credit that were issued (or deemed issued) under the Existing Reimbursement Agreement and that are outstanding as of the Effective Date.
Schedule II
 
(p) Neither any Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries is a Sanctioned Person.
 
(q) Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance in all material respects with the Patriot Act. No part of any payment under any Letter of Credit will be used, directly or indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.
 
 
 
5.01 . So long as any Advance or any other obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall remain unpaid, any Letter of Credit shall be outstanding or any Bank shall have any Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment or commitment to issue a Letter of Credit hereunder, each Account Party will:
Affirmative Covenants
 
(a) Comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders, such compliance to include, without limitation, compliance with Environmental Laws, Environmental Permits, ERISA and
Compliance with Laws, Etc.
 
the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Chapter of the Organized Crime Control Act of 1970, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
(b) Pay and discharge, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to pay and discharge, before the same shall become delinquent, all material taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies imposed upon it or upon its property; , , that neither any Account Party nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to pay or discharge any such tax, assessment, charge or levy that is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and as to which appropriate reserves are being maintained.
Payment of Taxes, Etc.
provided
however
 
(c) . Maintain, and cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to maintain, insurance with responsible and reputable insurance companies or associations in such amounts and covering such risks as is usually carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in the same general areas in which the Parent or such Material Subsidiary operates (it being understood that the foregoing shall not apply to maintenance of reinsurance or similar matters which shall be solely within the reasonable business judgment of the Parent and its Subsidiaries).
Maintenance of Insurance
 
(d) Preserve and maintain, and cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to preserve and maintain, its existence, legal structure, legal name, rights (charter and statutory), permits, licenses, approvals, privileges and franchises; , , that (i) the Parent and its Subsidiaries may consummate any merger or amalgamation or consolidation permitted under , (ii) no Subsidiary (other than an Account Party) shall be required to preserve and maintain its existence, legal structure, legal names or other rights (charter and statutory) if the Board of Directors of a direct or indirect parent of such Subsidiary has determined that such action is not disadvantageous in any material respect to the Parent, such parent or the Banks, and (iii) neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to preserve any right, permit, license, approval, privilege or franchise if the Board of Directors of the Parent or such Subsidiary shall determine that the preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of the business of the Parent or such Subsidiary, as the case may be, and that the loss thereof is not disadvantageous in any material respect to the Parent, such Subsidiary or the Banks.
Preservation of Corporate Existence, Etc.
provided
however
Section 5.02(c)
 
(e) . At any reasonable time and from time to time upon not less than three Business Days prior notice, permit the Administrative Agent (upon request made by any Agent or any Bank), or any agents or representatives thereof, at the expense (so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing) of such Agent or such Bank, as the case may be, to examine and make copies of and abstracts from the records and books of account of, and visit the properties of, the Parent and any of its Subsidiaries, and to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Parent and any of its Subsidiaries with any of their officers or directors and with, so long as a representative of the Parent is present, their independent certified public accountants; that neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to disclose any information that it reasonably determines is entitled to the protection of attorney-client privilege.
Visitation Rights
provided
 
(f) . Keep, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to keep, proper books of record and account, in which full and correct entries shall be made of all financial transactions and the assets and business of the Parent and each such Subsidiary sufficient to permit the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP.
Keeping of Books
 
(g) Maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, all of its properties that are used or useful in the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Maintenance of Properties, Etc.
 
(h) . Conduct, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to conduct, all transactions otherwise permitted under the Loan Documents with any of their Affiliates (other than any such transactions between Loan Parties or wholly owned Subsidiaries of Loan Parties) on terms that are fair and reasonable and no less favorable than it would obtain in a comparable arm's-length transaction with a Person not an Affiliate.
Transactions with Affiliates
 
(i) . Ensure that at all times the claims of the Banks, the Issuing Banks and the Agents against it under the Loan Documents will rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for claims which are preferred by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application or are mandatorily preferred by law applying to insurance companies generally.
Pari Passu Ranking
 
(j) . (i) Cause each of its Subsidiaries that is a U.S. Person to have a compliance program that is reasonably designed to comply with OFAC's requirements; (ii) cause each of its Subsidiaries that is a Subsidiary of a U.S. Person to provide notice promptly to the Banks upon receiving a sanction on account of, or an inquiry from any Governmental Authority related to, a violation or potential violation of OFAC by such Subsidiary; (iii) not knowingly request the issuance of a letter of credit hereunder in favor of a beneficiary that is a Sanctioned Person or is organized under the laws of a Sanctioned Country; and (iv) take, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to take, to the extent commercially reasonable, such actions (including providing information) as are reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Bank in order to assist the Administrative Agent and the Banks in maintaining compliance with the Patriot Act.
OFAC, Patriot Act Compliance
 
5.02 . So long as any Advance or any other obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall remain unpaid, any Letter of Credit shall be outstanding or any Bank shall have any Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment or commitment to issue a Letter of Credit hereunder, each of the Account Parties will not, at any time:
Negative Covenants
 
(a) . Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, any Lien on or with respect to any of its properties of any character (including, without limitation, accounts) whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or assign or permit any of its Subsidiaries to assign, any accounts or other right to receive income, except:
Liens, Etc
 
(i) Permitted Liens;
 
(ii) Liens described on hereto;
Schedule 5.02(a)
 
(iii) purchase money Liens upon any property acquired or held by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business to secure the purchase price of such property or to secure Debt incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition, construction or improvement of any property to be subject to such Liens, or Liens existing on any property at the time of acquisition or within 180 days following such acquisition (other than any such Liens created in contemplation of such acquisition that do not secure the purchase price), or extensions, renewals or replacements of any of the foregoing for the same or a lesser amount; , , that no such Lien shall extend to or cover any property other than the property being acquired, constructed or improved, and no such extension, renewal or replacement shall extend to or cover any property not theretofore subject to the Lien being extended, renewed or replaced;
provided
however
 
(iv) Liens arising in connection with Capitalized Leases; that no such Lien shall extend to or cover any assets other than the assets subject to such Capitalized Leases;
provided
 
(v) (A) any Lien existing on any asset of any Person at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary and not created in contemplation of such event, (B) any Lien on any asset of any Person existing at the time such Person is merged or consolidated with or into the Parent or any of it Subsidiaries in accordance with and not created in contemplation of such event and (C) any Lien existing on any asset prior to the acquisition thereof by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries and not created in contemplation of such acquisition;
Section 5.02(c)
 
(vi) Liens securing obligations under credit default swap transactions determined by reference to, or Contingent Obligations in respect of, Debt issued by the Parent or one of its Subsidiaries; such Debt not to exceed an aggregate principal amount of $550,000,000;
 
(vii) Liens arising in the ordinary course of its business which (A) do not secure Debt and (B) do not in the aggregate materially detract from the value of its assets or materially impair the use thereof in the operation of its business;
 
(viii) Liens on cash and Approved Investments securing Hedge Agreements arising in the ordinary course of business;
 
(ix) other Liens securing Debt or other obligations outstanding in an aggregate principal or face amount not to exceed at any time 5% of Consolidated Net Worth;
 
(x) Liens consisting of deposits made by the Parent or any insurance Subsidiary with any insurance regulatory authority or other statutory Liens or Liens or claims imposed or required by applicable insurance law or regulation against the assets of the Parent or any insurance Subsidiary, in each case in favor
 
of policyholders of the Parent or such insurance Subsidiary or an insurance regulatory authority and in the ordinary course of the Parent's or such insurance Subsidiary's business;
 
(xi) Liens on Investments and cash balances of the Parent or any insurance Subsidiary (other than capital stock of any Subsidiary) securing obligations of the Parent or any insurance Subsidiary in respect of (i) letters of credit obtained in the ordinary course of business and/or (ii) trust arrangements formed in the ordinary course of business for the benefit of cedents to secure reinsurance recoverables owed to them by the Parent or any insurance Subsidiary;
 
(xii) the replacement, extension or renewal of any Lien permitted by clause (ii) or (v) above upon or in the same property theretofore subject thereto or the replacement, extension or renewal (without increase in the amount (other than in respect of fees, expenses and premiums, if any) or change in any direct or contingent obligor) of the Debt secured thereby;
 
(xiii) Liens securing obligations owed by any Loan Party to any other Loan Party or owed by any Subsidiary of the Parent (other than a Loan Party) to the Parent or any other Subsidiary;
 
(xiv) Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business in favor of financial intermediaries and clearing agents pending clearance of payments for investment or in the nature of set-off, banker's lien or similar rights as to deposit accounts or other funds;
 
(xv) judgment or judicial attachment Liens, that the enforcement of such Liens is effectively stayed;
provided
 
(xvi) Liens arising in connection with Securitization Transactions; that the aggregate principal amount of the investment or claim held at any time by all purchasers, assignees or other transferees of (or of interests in) receivables and other rights to payment in all Securitization Transactions (together with the aggregate principal amount of any other obligations secured by such Liens) shall not exceed U.S. $750,000,000;
provided
 
(xvii) Liens on securities arising out of repurchase agreements with a term of not more than three months entered into with "Lenders" (as such term is defined in the JPMorgan Credit Agreement) or their Affiliates or with securities dealers of recognized standing; that the aggregate amount of all assets of the Parent and its Subsidiaries subject to such agreements shall not at any time exceed $1,000,000,000. For purposes of this clause (xvii), "" shall mean the Three-Year Credit Agreement dated as of April 2, 2004 among the Parent, ACE Bermuda, Tempest, and ACE INA Holdings Inc., as borrowers, various financial institutions, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, as amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time; and
provided
JPMorgan Credit Agreement
 
(xviii) Liens securing up to an aggregate amount of $200,000,000 of obligations of the Parent or any wholly owned Subsidiary, arising out of catastrophe bond financing.
 
(b) . Make any material change in the nature of the business of the Parent and its Material Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as carried on at the date hereof.
Change in Nature of Business
 
(c) . Merge into or amalgamate or consolidate with any Person or permit any Person to merge into it, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do so, except that:
Mergers, Etc
 
(i) any Subsidiary of the Parent may merge into or amalgamate or consolidate with any other Subsidiary of the Parent, that, in the case of any such merger, amalgamation or consolidation, the Person formed by such merger, amalgamation or consolidation shall be a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Parent, that, in the case of any such merger, amalgamation or consolidation to which an Account Party is a party, the Person formed by such merger, amalgamation or consolidation shall be such Account Party;
provided
provided
further
 
(ii) any Subsidiary of any Account Party may merge into or amalgamate or consolidate with any other Person or permit any other Person to merge into, amalgamate or consolidate with it; that the Person surviving such merger, amalgamation or consolidation shall be a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Account Party;
provided
 
(iii) in connection with any sale or other disposition permitted under , any Subsidiary of the Parent may merge into or amalgamate or consolidate with any other Person or permit any other Person to merge into or amalgamate or consolidate with it; and
Section 5.02(d)
 
(iv) the Parent or any Account Party may merge into or amalgamate or consolidate with any other Person; that, in the case of any such merger, amalgamation or consolidation, the Person formed by such merger, amalgamation or consolidation shall be the Parent or such Account Party, as the case may be;
provided
 
, , that in each case, immediately after giving effect thereto, no event shall occur and be continuing that constitutes a Default.
provided
however
 
(d) . Sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of, or permit any other Account Party to sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of, all or substantially all of its assets (excluding sales of investment securities in the ordinary course of business).
Sales, Etc., of Assets
 
(e) . Declare or pay any dividends, purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise acquire for value any of its Equity Interests now or hereafter outstanding, return any capital to its stockholders, partners or members (or the equivalent Persons thereof) as such, make any distribution of assets, Equity Interests, obligations or securities to its stockholders, partners or members (or the equivalent Persons thereof) as such or issue or sell any Equity Interests or accept any capital contributions, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do any of
Restricted Payments
 
the foregoing, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise acquire for value any Equity Interests in the Parent or to issue or sell any Equity Interests therein, if in any case referred to above, a Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of such action or would result therefrom.
 
(f) . Make or permit, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to make or permit, any change in accounting policies or reporting practices, except as permitted by GAAP.
Accounting Changes
 
5.03 . So long as any Advance or any other obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall remain unpaid, any Letter of Credit shall be outstanding or any Bank shall have any Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment or commitment to issue a Letter of Credit hereunder, the Parent will furnish to the Agents and the Banks:
Reporting Requirements
 
(a) . As soon as possible and in any event within five days after the occurrence of each Default or any event, development or occurrence reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect continuing on the date of such statement, a statement of the chief financial officer of the Parent setting forth details of such Default, event, development or occurrence and the action that the Parent or the applicable Subsidiary has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto.
Default Notice
 
(b) .
Annual Financials
 
(i) As soon as available and in any event within 90 days after the end of each Fiscal Year (or, if earlier, within five Business Days after such date as the Parent is required to file its annual report on Form 10-K for such Fiscal Year with the Securities and Exchange Commission), a copy of the annual Consolidated audit report for such year for the Parent and its Subsidiaries, including therein a Consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Year and Consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Year, all reported on in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Securities and Exchange Commission in each case and accompanied by an opinion of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP or other independent public accountants of recognized standing reasonably acceptable to the Required Banks, together with (i) a certificate of the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer or Chief Compliance Officer of the Parent stating that no Default has occurred and is continuing, or if a Default has occurred and is continuing, a statement as to the nature thereof and the action that the Parent has taken a proposes to take with respect thereto, and (ii) a schedule in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent of the computations used by the Parent in determining, as of the end of such Fiscal Year, compliance with the covenants contained in .
Section 5.04
 
(ii) As soon as available and in any event within 120 days after the end of each Fiscal Year, a copy of the annual Consolidated audit report for such year for each Subsidiary Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, including therein a
 
Consolidated balance sheet of such Subsidiary Guarantor and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Year and a Consolidated statement of income and a Consolidated statement of cash flows of such Subsidiary Guarantor and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, in each case accompanied by an opinion acceptable to the Required Banks of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP or other independent public accountants of recognized standing acceptable to the Required Banks.
 
(iii) As soon as available and in any event within 20 days after submission, each statutory statement of the Loan Parties (or any of them) in the form submitted to the Supervisor of Insurance, the Insurance Division of the Bermuda Monetary Authority.
 
(c) . As soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the end of each of the first three quarters of each Fiscal Year (or, if earlier, within five Business Days after such date as the Parent is required to file its quarterly report on Form 10-Q for such fiscal quarter with the Securities and Exchange Commission), Consolidated balance sheets of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such quarter and Consolidated statements of income and a Consolidated statement of cash flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal quarter and ending with the end of such fiscal quarter and Consolidated statements of income and a Consolidated statement of cash flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the period commencing at the end of the previous Fiscal Year and ending with the end of such quarter, setting forth in each case in comparative form the corresponding figures for the corresponding date or period of the preceding Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail and duly certified (subject to the absence of footnotes and normal year-end audit adjustments) by the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer or Chief Compliance Officer of the Parent as having been prepared in accordance with GAAP, together with (i) a certificate of said officer stating that no Default has occurred and is continuing or, if a Default has occurred and is continuing, a statement as to the nature thereof and the action that the Parent has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto and (ii) a schedule in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent of the computations used by the Parent in determining compliance with the covenants contained in .
Quarterly Financials
Section 5.04
 
(d) . Promptly after the commencement thereof, notice of all actions, suits, investigations, litigation and proceedings before any court or governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, affecting any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries of the type described in .
Litigation
Section 4.01(f)
 
(e) . Promptly after the sending or filing thereof, copies of all proxy statements, financial statements and reports that the Parent sends to its stockholders generally, copies of all regular, periodic and special reports, and all registration statements, that any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries files with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any governmental authority that may be substituted therefor, or with any national securities exchange.
Securities Reports
 
(f) .
ERISA
 
(i) . Promptly and in any event within 10 days after any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate institutes any steps to terminate any Pension Plan or becomes aware of the institution of any steps or any threat by the PBGC to terminate any Pension Plan, or the failure to make a required contribution to any Pension Plan if such failure is sufficient to give rise to a lien under section 302(f) of ERISA, or the taking of any action with respect to a Pension Plan which could result in the requirement that any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate furnish a bond or other security to the PBGC or such Pension Plan, or the occurrence of any event with respect to any Pension Plan which could result in any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate incurring any material liability, fine or penalty, or any material increase in the contingent liability of any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate with respect to any post-retirement Welfare Plan benefit, notice thereof and copies of all documentation relating thereto.
ERISA Events
 
(ii) . Promptly upon request of any Agent or any Bank, copies of each Schedule B (Actuarial Information) to the annual report (Form 5500 Series) with respect to each Pension Plan.
Plan Annual Reports
 
(iii) . Promptly and in any event within 15 Business Days after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate from the sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan, copies of each notice concerning (A) the imposition of Withdrawal Liability by any such Multiemployer Plan, (B) the reorganization or termination, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA, of any such Multiemployer Plan or (C) the amount of liability incurred, or that may be incurred, by such Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate in connection with any event described in clause (A) or (B); , , that such notice and documentation shall not be required to be provided (except at the specific request of any Agent or any Bank, in which case such notice and documentation shall be promptly provided following such request) if such condition or event is not reasonably expected to result in any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate incurring any material liability, fine, or penalty.
Multiemployer Plan Notices
provided
however
 
(g) . Promptly after any Responsible Officer of the Parent obtains knowledge thereof, (i) a copy of any notice from the Bermuda Minister of Finance or the Registrar of Companies or any other person of the revocation, the suspension or the placing of any restriction or condition on the registration as an insurer of any Account Party under the Bermuda Insurance Act 1978 (and related regulations) or of the institution of any proceeding or investigation which could result in any such revocation, suspension or placing of such a restriction or condition, (ii) copies of any correspondence by, to or concerning any Loan Party relating to an investigation conducted by the Bermuda Minister of Finance, whether pursuant to Section 132 of the Bermuda Companies Act 1981 (and related regulations) or otherwise and (iii) a copy of any notice of or requesting or otherwise relating to the winding-up or any similar proceeding of or with respect to any Loan Party.
Regulatory Notices, Etc
 
(h) . Such other information respecting the business, condition (financial or otherwise), operations, performance, properties or prospects of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries as the Administrative Agent, or any Bank through the Administrative Agent, may from time to time reasonably request. Information required to be delivered pursuant to ,, and shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which the Parent provides notice to the Administrative Agent that such information has been posted on the Parent's website on the Internet at the website address listed on the signature pages hereof, at sec.gov/edaux.searches.htm or at another website identified in such notice and accessible by the Banks without charge; that (x) such notice may be included in a certificate delivered pursuant to or and (y) the Parent shall deliver paper copies of the information referred to in ,, and to any Bank which requests such delivery.
Other Information
Sections 5.03(b)
5.03(c)
5.03(e)
provided
Section
5.03(b)(i)(A)
5.01(c)(i)
Sections 5.03(b)
5.03(c)
5.03(e)
 
5.04 . So long as any Advance or any other obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall remain unpaid, any Letter of Credit shall be outstanding or any Bank shall have any Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment or commitment to issue a Letter of Credit hereunder, the Parent will:
Financial Covenants
 
(a) . Maintain at all times a ratio of Adjusted Consolidated Debt to Total Capitalization of not more than 0.35 to 1.0.
Adjusted Consolidated Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio
 
(b) . Maintain at all times Consolidated Net Worth in an amount not less than the Minimum Amount. For this purpose, the "" is an amount equal to the sum of (i) the then-current Base Amount plus (ii) (A) 25% of Consolidated Net Income for each completed fiscal quarter of the Parent for which Consolidated Net Income is positive and that ends after the date on which the then-current Base Amount became effective and on or before the last day of the then-current Fiscal Year and (B) 50% of any increase in Consolidated Net Worth during such period attributable to the issuance of ordinary or preferred shares. The "" shall be $6,441,000,000 as of March 30, 2005 and shall thereafter be reset on the earlier of (A) the date of the delivery of the financial statements for the immediately preceding Fiscal Year pursuant to and (B) March 30 of each year to an amount equal to the greater of (x) 70% of Consolidated Net Worth as of the last day of the immediately preceding Fiscal Year and (y) the Minimum Amount in effect as of the last day of the immediately preceding Fiscal Year.
Consolidated Net Worth
Minimum Amount
Base Amount
Section 5.03(b)(i)
 
 
 
6.01 . If any of the following events ("") shall occur and be continuing:
Events of Default
Events of Default
 
(a) (i) any Account Party shall fail to pay any reimbursement obligation in respect of any Advance made by any Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit when and as the same shall become due and payable, or (ii) any Account Party shall fail to make any payment of interest on such Advance or of any other amount payable by such Account Party under any Loan
 
Document, in each case under this clause (ii) within five Business Days after the same becomes due and payable; or
 
(b) any representation or warranty made by any Loan Party (or any of its officers) under or in connection with any Loan Document shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made; or
 
(c) any Account Party shall fail to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in , (with respect to the Parent), , or ; or
Section 2.10
5.01(d)
5.02
5.03(a)
5.04
 
(d) any Account Party shall fail to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in if such failure shall remain unremedied for five Business Days after written notice thereof shall have been given to such Loan Party by any Agent or any Bank; or
Section 5.01(e)
 
(e) any Loan Party shall fail to perform or observe any other term, covenant or agreement contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed if such failure shall remain unremedied for 30 days after the earlier of the date on which (i) a Responsible Officer becomes aware of such failure or (ii) written notice thereof shall have been given to such Loan Party by any Agent or any Bank; or
 
(f) the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to pay any Material Financial Obligation (but excluding Debt outstanding hereunder) of the Parent or such Subsidiary (as the case may be), when the same becomes due and payable (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise), and such failure shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the agreement or instrument relating to such Material Financial Obligation; or any other event shall occur or condition shall exist under any agreement or instrument relating to any such Material Financial Obligation and shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in such agreement or instrument, if the effect of such event or condition is to accelerate, or to permit the acceleration of, the maturity of such Material Financial Obligation or otherwise to cause, or to permit the holder thereof to cause, such Material Financial Obligation to mature; or any such Material Financial Obligation shall be declared to be due and payable or required to be prepaid or redeemed (other than by a regularly scheduled required prepayment or redemption), purchased or defeased, or an offer to prepay, redeem, purchase or defease such Material Financial Obligation shall be required to be made, in each case prior to the stated maturity thereof; or
 
(g) any Loan Party or any of its Significant Subsidiaries shall generally not pay its debts as such debts become due, or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or any proceeding shall be instituted by or against any Loan Party or any of its Significant Subsidiaries seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking liquidation, winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief, or composition of it or its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, or other similar official for it or for any substantial part of its property and, in the case of any such proceeding instituted against it
 
(but not instituted by it) that is being diligently contested by it in good faith, either such proceeding shall remain undismissed or unstayed for a period of 60 days or any of the actions sought in such proceeding (including, without limitation, the entry of an order for relief against, or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for, it or any substantial part of its property) shall occur; or any Loan Party or any of its Significant Subsidiaries shall take any corporate action to authorize any of the actions set forth above in this ; or
Section 6.01(g)
 
(h) any judgment or order for the payment of money in excess of $100,000,000 shall be rendered against any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries and either (i) enforcement proceedings shall have been commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order or (ii) there shall be any period of 30 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, shall not be in effect; or
 
(i) any non-monetary judgment or order shall be rendered against any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries that would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, and there shall be any period of 30 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, shall not be in effect; or
 
(j) any provision in of this Agreement shall for any reason cease to be valid and binding on or enforceable against any Loan Party (other than as a result of a transaction permitted hereunder), or any such Loan Party shall so state in writing; or
Article VII
 
(k) a Change of Control shall occur; or
 
(l) Any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate shall incur or shall be reasonably expected to incur liability in excess of $25,000,000 in the aggregate with respect to any Pension Plan or any Multiemployer Plan in connection with the occurrence of any of the following events or existence of any of the following conditions:
 
(i) Institution of any steps by any Loan Party, any ERISA Affiliate or any other Person, including, without limitation, the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan if as a result of such termination a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate would reasonably expect to be required to make a contribution to such Pension Plan, or would reasonably expect to incur a liability or obligation; or
 
(ii) A contribution failure occurs with respect to any Pension Plan sufficient to give rise to a lien under section 302(f) of ERISA; or
 
(iii) Any condition shall exist or event shall occur with respect to a Pension Plan that is reasonably expected to result in any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate being required to furnish a bond or security to the PBGC or such Pension Plan, or incurring a liability or obligation; or
 
(m) any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate shall have been notified by the sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan that it has incurred Withdrawal Liability or a default, within the meaning of Section 4219(c)(5) of ERISA, has occurred with respect to such Multiemployer Plan which
 
could cause any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate to incur a payment obligation in excess of $25,000,000;
 
then, and in any such event, the Administrative Agent (i) shall at the request, or may with the consent, of the Required Banks, by notice to the Account Parties, declare the obligation of the Issuing Banks to issue Letters of Credit to be terminated, whereupon the same shall forthwith terminate, and/or (ii) shall at the request, or may with the consent, of the Required Banks, by notice to the Account Parties, declare all amounts payable under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon all such amounts shall become and be forthwith due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Account Parties; , , that in the event of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to any Account Party under the federal Bankruptcy Code, (x) the obligation of the Issuing Banks to issue Letters of Credit shall automatically be terminated, (y) all such amounts shall automatically become and be due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or any notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Account Parties and (z) the obligation of the Account Parties to provide cash collateral under shall automatically become effective.
provided
however
Section 6.02
 
6.02 . If any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Administrative Agent may, or shall at the request of the Required Banks, after having taken any of the actions described in or otherwise, make demand upon the Account Parties to, and forthwith upon such demand the Account Parties will, pay to the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Banks in same day funds at the Administrative Agent's office designated in such demand, an amount equal to the aggregate Available Amount of all Letters of Credit then outstanding as cash collateral. If at any time during the continuance of an Event of Default the Administrative Agent determines that such funds are subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent and the Banks or that the total amount of such funds is less than the aggregate Available Amount of all Letters of Credit, the Account Parties will, forthwith upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay to the Administrative Agent, as additional cash collateral, an amount equal to the excess of (a) such aggregate Available Amount over (b) the total amount of funds, if any, that the Administrative Agent determines to be free and clear of any such right and claim. Upon the drawing of any Letter of Credit, such funds shall be applied to reimburse the Issuing Banks or Banks, as applicable, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
Actions in Respect of the Letters of Credit upon Default
Section 6.01(ii)
 
 
 
7.01 .
The Guaranty
 
(a) Each Account Party hereby jointly and severally, unconditionally, absolutely and irrevocably guarantees the full and punctual payment (whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise) of all amounts payable by each of the other Account Parties under the Loan Documents including, without limitation, the principal of and interest (including, to the greatest extent permitted by law, post-petition interest) on reimbursement obligations owing by such other Account Parties pursuant to this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit and fees,
 
expenses, indemnities or any other obligations, whether now existing or hereafter incurred, created or arising and whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, or due or to become due. Upon failure by an Account Party to pay punctually any such amount, each other Account Party agrees to pay forthwith on demand the amount not so paid at the place and in the manner specified in this Agreement.
 
(b) Each Account Party (other than the Parent), and by its acceptance of this Guaranty, the Administrative Agent and each other Bank, hereby confirms that it is the intention of all such Persons that this Guaranty and the obligations of each Account Party hereunder not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of Bankruptcy Law, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar foreign, federal or state law to the extent applicable to this Guaranty and the obligations of each Account Party (other than the Parent) hereunder. To effectuate the foregoing intention, the Administrative Agent, the other Banks and the Account Parties hereby irrevocably agree that the obligations of each Account Party (other than the Parent) under this at any time shall be limited to the maximum amount as will result in the obligations of such Account Party under this Guaranty not constituting a fraudulent transfer or conveyance.
Article VII
 
7.02 . The obligations of each Account Party under this shall be unconditional, absolute and irrevocable and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, shall not be released, discharged or otherwise affected by:
Guaranty Unconditional
Article VII
 
(i) any extension, renewal, settlement, compromise, waiver or release in respect of any obligation of any other obligor under any of the Loan Documents, by operation of law or otherwise;
 
(ii) any modification or amendment of or supplement to any of the Loan Documents;
 
(iii) any release, non-perfection or invalidity of any direct or indirect security for any obligation of any other obligor under any of the Loan Documents;
 
(iv) any change in the corporate existence, structure or ownership of any obligor, or any insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization or other similar proceeding affecting any other obligor or its assets or any resulting release or discharge of any obligation of any other obligor contained in any of the Loan Documents;
 
(v) the existence of any claim, set-off or other rights which any obligor may have at any time against any other obligor, the Administrative Agent, any Bank or any other corporation or person, whether in connection with any of the Loan Documents or any unrelated transactions, that nothing herein shall prevent the assertion of any such claim by separate suit or compulsory counterclaim;
provided
 
(vi) any invalidity or unenforceability relating to or against any other obligor for any reason of any of the Loan Documents, or any provision of applicable law or regulation purporting to prohibit the payment by any other
 
obligor of principal interest or any other amount payable under any of the Loan Documents;
 
(vii) any law, regulation or order of any jurisdiction, or any other event, affecting any term of any obligation of the Banks' rights with respect thereto; or
 
(viii) any other act or omission to act or delay of any kind by any obligor, the Administrative Agent, any Bank or any other corporation or person or any other circumstance whatsoever which might, but for the provisions of this paragraph, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of or defense to an Account Party's obligations under this .
Article VII
 
7.03 . Each Account Party's obligations under this shall remain in full force and effect until the commitments of the Banks hereunder shall have terminated, no Letters of Credit shall be outstanding and all amounts payable by the other Account Parties under the Loan Documents shall have been paid in full. If at any time any payment of the principal of or interest on any reimbursement obligation or any other amount payable by an Account Party under the Loan Documents is rescinded or must be otherwise restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of such Account Party or otherwise, each other Account Party's obligations under this with respect to such payment shall be reinstated as though such payment had been due but not made at such time.
Discharge Only upon Payment in Full; Reinstatement in Certain Circumstances
Article VII
Article VII
 
7.04 . Each Account Party irrevocably waives acceptance hereof, presentment, demand, protest and any notice not provided for herein, as well as any requirement that at any time any action be taken by any corporation or person against any other obligor or any other corporation or person.
Waiver by the Account Parties
 
7.05 . Each Account Party hereby unconditionally and irrevocably agrees not to exercise any rights that it may now have or hereafter acquire against any other Account Party, or any other insider guarantor that arise from the existence, payment, performance or enforcement of such Account Party's obligations under or in respect of this Guaranty or any other Loan Document, including, without limitation, any right of subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution or indemnification and any right to participate in any claim or remedy of any Bank against any other Account Party, any other Loan Party or any other insider guarantor or any collateral, whether or not such claim, remedy or right arises in equity or under contract, statute or common law, including, without limitation, the right to take or receive from any other Account Party, any other Loan Party or any other insider guarantor, directly or indirectly, in cash or other property or by set-off or in any other manner, payment or security on account of such claim, remedy or right, unless and until all amounts payable under this Guaranty shall have been paid in full in cash, no Letters of Credit shall be outstanding and the commitments of the Banks hereunder shall have expired or been terminated. If any amount shall be paid to any Account Party in violation of the immediately preceding sentence at any time prior to the latest of (a) the payment in full in cash of all amounts payable under this Guaranty, and (b) the Expiration Date, such amount shall be received and held in trust for the benefit of the Banks, shall be segregated from other property and funds of such Account Party and shall forthwith be paid or delivered to the Administrative Agent in the same form as so received (with
Subrogation
 
any necessary endorsement or assignment) to be credited and applied to all amounts payable under this Guaranty, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents, or to be held as collateral for any amounts payable under this Guaranty thereafter arising. If (i) any Account Party shall make payment to any Bank of all or any amounts payable under this Guaranty, (ii) all amounts payable under this Guaranty shall have been paid in full in cash, and (iii) the Expiration Date shall have occurred, the Banks will, at such Account Party's request and expense, execute and deliver to such Account Party appropriate documents, without recourse and without representation or warranty, necessary to evidence the transfer by subrogation to such Account Party of an interest in the obligations resulting from such payment made by such Account Party pursuant to this Guaranty.
 
7.06 . If acceleration of the time for payment of any amount payable by any Account Party under any of the Loan Documents is stayed upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of such Account Party, all such amounts otherwise subject to acceleration under the terms of this Agreement shall nonetheless be payable by the other Account Parties under this forthwith on demand by the Administrative Agent made at the request of the requisite proportion of the Banks.
Stay of Acceleration
Article VII
 
7.07 . This Guaranty is a continuing guaranty and shall (a) remain in full force and effect until the latest of (i) the payment in full in cash of all amounts payable under this Guaranty and (ii) the Expiration Date, (b) be binding upon each Account Party, its successors and assigns and (c) inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Banks and their successors, transferees and assigns. Without limiting the generality of clause (c) of the immediately preceding sentence, any Bank may assign or otherwise transfer all or any portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, all or any portion of its Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment and the Advances owing to it) to any other Person, and such other Person shall thereupon become vested with all the benefits in respect thereof granted to such Bank herein or otherwise, in each case as and to the extent provided in .
Continuing Guaranty; Assignments
Section 9.07
 
 
 
8.01 . Each Bank (in its capacity as a Bank) hereby appoints and authorizes each Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers and discretion under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to such Agent by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. As to any matters not expressly provided for by the Loan Documents, no Agent shall be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act (in the case of the Administrative Agent) or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the instructions of the Required Banks or all the Banks where unanimity is required, and such instructions shall be binding upon all Banks; , , that no Agent shall be required to take any action that exposes such Agent to personal liability or that is contrary to this Agreement or applicable law. The Administrative Agent agrees to give to each Bank prompt notice of each notice given to it by any Account Party pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
Authorization and Action
provided
however
 
8.02 . Neither any Agent nor any of its respective directors, officers, agents or employees shall be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it or them under or in connection with the Loan Documents, except for its or their own gross negligence or willful misconduct. Without limitation of the generality of the foregoing, each Agent: (a) may consult with legal counsel (including counsel for any Loan Party), independent public accountants and other experts selected by it and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts; (b) makes no warranty or representation to any Bank and shall not be responsible to any Bank for any statements, warranties or representations (whether written or oral) made in or in connection with the Loan Documents; (c) shall not have any duty to ascertain or to inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of any Loan Document on the part of any Loan Party or to inspect the property (including the books and records) of any Loan Party; (d) shall not be responsible to any Bank for the due execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of, or the perfection or priority of any lien or security interest created or purported to be created under or in connection with, any Loan Document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto; and (e) shall incur no liability under or in respect of any Loan Document by acting upon any notice, consent, certificate or other instrument or writing (which may be by telegram or telecopy) reasonably believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent by the proper party or parties.
Agents' Reliance, Etc
 
8.03 . With respect to its LC Commitment Amounts, and the Advances, each Agent shall have the same rights and powers under the Loan Documents as any other Bank and may exercise the same as though it were not an Agent; and the term "Bank" or "Banks" shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated, include each Agent in its individual capacity. Each Agent and its affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as trustee under indentures of, accept investment banking engagements from and generally engage in any kind of business with, any Loan Party, any of its Subsidiaries and any Person that may do business with or own securities of any Loan Party or any such Subsidiary, all as if such Agent were not an Agent and without any duty to account therefor to the Banks.
Agents and Affiliates
 
8.04 . Each Bank acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Bank and based on the financial statements referred to in and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Bank also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Bank and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement.
Bank Credit Decision
Section 4.01
 
8.05 .
Indemnification
 
(a) Each Bank severally agrees to indemnify each Agent and its officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors and Affiliates (to the extent not promptly reimbursed by the Account Parties) from and against such Bank's ratable share (determined as provided below) of any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever that may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against such Agent or any such other Person in any way relating to or arising out of the Loan Documents or any action taken or omitted by such Agent under the Loan Documents; ,
provided
 
, that no Bank shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from such Agent's or other Person's gross negligence or willful misconduct. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Bank agrees to reimburse each Agent promptly upon demand for its ratable share of any costs and expenses (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of counsel) payable by the Account Parties under , to the extent that such Agent is not promptly reimbursed for such costs and expenses by the Account Parties.
however
Section 9.04
 
(b) For purposes of this , the Banks' respective ratable shares of any amount shall be determined, at any time, according to the sum of (i) the aggregate principal amount of the Advances outstanding at such time and owing to the respective Banks, (ii) their respective Pro Rata Shares of the aggregate Available Amounts of all Letters of Credit outstanding at such time and (iii) their respective Unused LC Commitment Amounts at such time. The failure of any Bank to reimburse any Agent promptly upon demand for its ratable share of any amount required to be paid by the Banks to such Agent as provided herein shall not relieve any other Bank of its obligation hereunder to reimburse such Agent for its ratable share of such amount, but no Bank shall be responsible for the failure of any other Bank to reimburse such Agent for such other Bank's ratable share of such amount. Without prejudice to the survival of any other agreement of any Bank hereunder, the agreement and obligations of each Bank contained in this shall survive the payment in full of principal, interest and all other amounts payable hereunder and under the other Loan Documents.
Section 8.05
Section 8.05
 
8.06 . Any Agent may resign at any time by giving written notice thereof to the Banks and the Parent. Upon any such resignation or removal of the Administrative Agent, the Required Banks shall have the right to appoint a successor Administrative Agent, subject (so long as no Event of Default exists) to the consent of the Parent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). If no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed by the Required Banks, and shall have accepted such appointment, within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent's giving of notice of resignation or the Required Banks' removal of the retiring Administrative Agent, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Banks, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which shall be a commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States or of any State thereof and having a combined capital and surplus of at least $250,000,000. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor Administrative Agent such successor Administrative Agent shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, discretion, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents. If within 45 days after written notice is given of the retiring Administrative Agent's resignation or removal under this no successor Administrative Agent shall have been appointed and shall have accepted such appointment, then on such 45
Successor Administrative Agent
Section 8.06
th
day (i) the retiring Administrative Agent's resignation or removal shall become effective, (ii) the retiring Administrative Agent shall thereupon be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents and (iii) the Required Banks shall thereafter perform all duties of the retiring Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents until such time, if any, as the Required Banks appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided above. After any retiring Agent's resignation or removal hereunder as Agent shall have become effective, the provisions of this shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it
Article VIII
 
was Agent under this Agreement. If Bank of America ceases to be a Bank hereunder, it shall be deemed to have resigned as Syndication Agent and no replacement shall be appointed.
 
 
 
9.01 No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, nor consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by Wachovia in its capacity as an Issuing Bank and the Required Banks (and, in the case of an amendment, the Parent), and then any such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; , , that no amendment, waiver or consent shall:
Amendments, Etc.
provided
however
 
(a) unless in writing and signed by all of the Banks (other than any Bank that is, at such time, a Defaulting Bank), do any of the following at any time: (i) waive any of the conditions specified in or, in the case of the Effective Date, , (ii) change the number of Banks or the percentage of (x) the LC Commitment Amounts, (y) the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Advances or (z) the aggregate Available Amount of outstanding Letters of Credit that, in each case, shall be required for the Banks or any of them to take any action hereunder, (iii) reduce or limit the obligations of any Account Party under or release such Account Party or otherwise limit such Account Party's liability with respect to the obligations owing to the Agents and the Banks, (iv) amend this or any of the definitions herein that would have such effect, (v) extend the Expiration Date, or (vi) limit the liability of any Loan Party under any of the Loan Documents;
Section 3.01
Section 3.02
Section 7.01
Section 9.01
 
(b) unless in writing and signed by each affected Bank, do any of the following at any time: (i) increase the LC Commitment Amounts of the Banks or subject the Banks to any additional obligations, (ii) reduce the principal of, or interest on, any reimbursement obligation or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder, or increase any Bank's LC Commitment Amount, or (iii) postpone any date fixed for any payment of principal of, or interest on, any reimbursement obligation or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder;
 
that no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by an Agent in addition to the Banks required above to take such action, affect the rights or duties of such Agent under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents and no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by an Issuing Bank in addition to the Banks above required to take such action, affect the rights or duties of such Issuing Bank under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents.
provided
further
 
9.02 All notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing (including telegraphic or telecopy communication) and mailed, telegraphed, telecopied or delivered, if to any Account Party, at its address set forth below on the signature pages hereof; if to any Initial Bank, at its Domestic Lending Office specified in its
Notices, Etc.
 
Administrative Questionnaire; if to any other Bank, at its Domestic Lending Office specified in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Bank; if to Wachovia (in its capacity as Issuing Bank) at its address at 401 Linden Street, Mail Code NC-6034, Winston-Salem, North Carolina 27101, Attn: International Operations  Standby Letter of Credit Department, Telecopy No. (336) 735-0952; and if to the Administrative Agent, at its address at Charlotte Plaza Building, 201 South College Street, 8
th
Floor NC0680, Charlotte, North Carolina 28288, Attn: Syndication Agency Services, Telecopy No. (704) 383-0288, with a copy to Mark B. Felker, Managing Director, 301 South College Street, 6
th
Floor NC0760, Charlotte, NC 28288, Telecopy No. (704) 383-7611; or, as to any party, at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties. All such notices and communications shall, when mailed, telegraphed or telecopied, be effective when deposited in the mails, delivered to the telegraph company or transmitted by telecopier, respectively, except that notices and communications to the Administrative Agent pursuant to , or shall not be effective until received by the Administrative Agent. Manual delivery by telecopier of an executed counterpart of any amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or of any Exhibit hereto to be executed and delivered hereunder shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart thereof.
Article II
III
VIII
 
9.03 . No failure on the part of any Bank or any Agent to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.
No Waiver; Remedies
 
9.04 .
Costs and Expenses
 
(a) Each of the Account Parties agrees to pay on demand (i) all reasonable costs and expenses of the Agents, the Joint Lead Arrangers and Wachovia, in its capacity as an Issuing Bank, in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification and amendment of the Loan Documents (including, without limitation, (A) all due diligence, collateral review, syndication, transportation, computer, duplication, appraisal, audit, insurance, consultant, search, filing and recording fees and expenses and (B) the reasonable fees and expenses of a single counsel for the Administrative Agent and Wachovia in its capacity as an Issuing Bank with respect thereto, with respect to advising the Administrative Agent as to its rights and responsibilities, or the perfection, protection or preservation of rights or interests, under the Loan Documents, with respect to negotiations with any Loan Party or with other creditors of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries arising out of any Default or any events or circumstances that may give rise to a Default and with respect to presenting claims in or otherwise participating in or monitoring any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar proceeding involving creditors' rights generally and any proceeding ancillary thereto); and (ii) all reasonable costs and expenses of each Agent, each Issuing Bank and each Bank in connection with the enforcement of the Loan Documents, whether in any action, suit or litigation, or any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar proceeding affecting creditors' rights generally (including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and each Bank with respect thereto).
 
(b) Each of the Account Parties jointly and severally agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Agent, each Joint Lead Arranger, each Issuing Bank, each Bank and each of their Affiliates and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and advisors (each, an "") from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable fees and expenses of counsel) that may be incurred by or asserted or awarded against any Indemnified Party, in each case arising out of or in connection with or by reason of (including, without limitation, in connection with any investigation, litigation or proceeding or preparation of a defense in connection therewith) this Agreement, the actual or proposed use of the proceeds of the Advances, the Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated thereby, except to the extent such claim, damage, loss, liability or expense is found in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnified Party or any of its Affiliates. In the case of an investigation, litigation or other proceeding to which the indemnity in this applies, such indemnity shall be effective whether or not such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by any Loan Party, its directors, shareholders or creditors or an Indemnified Party or any Indemnified Party is otherwise a party thereto and whether or not the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents are consummated. Each of the Account Parties also agrees not to assert any claim against any Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger, any Bank or any of their Affiliates, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, attorneys and agents, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages arising out of or otherwise relating to the credit facilities provided hereunder, the actual or proposed use of the proceeds of the Advances or the Letters of Credit, the Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents.
Indemnified Party
Section 9.04(b)
 
(c) Without prejudice to the survival of any other agreement of any Loan Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document, the agreements and obligations of the Account Parties contained in and this shall survive the payment in full of principal, interest and all other amounts payable hereunder and under any of the other Loan Documents.
Section 2.07
Section 9.04
 
9.05 . Upon (a) the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default and (b) the making of the request or the granting of the consent specified by to authorize the Administrative Agent to declare amounts owing hereunder to be due and payable pursuant to the provisions of , each Agent and each Bank and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and otherwise apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other indebtedness at any time owing by such Agent, such Bank or such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of any Account Party against any and all of the obligations of such Account Party now or hereafter existing under the Loan Documents, irrespective of whether such Agent or such Bank shall have made any demand under this Agreement and although such obligations may be unmatured. Each Agent and each Bank agrees promptly to notify each Account Party after any such set-off and application; , , that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. The rights of each Agent and each Bank and their respective Affiliates under this are in addition to other rights and remedies (including, without
Right of Set-off
Section 6.01
Section 6.01
provided
however
Section 9.05
 
limitation, other rights of set-off) that such Agent, such Bank and their respective Affiliates may have.
 
9.06 . This Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by each Account Party, each Issuing Bank and each Agent and the Administrative Agent shall have been notified by each Initial Bank that such Initial Bank has executed it and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each Account Party, each Agent, each Issuing Bank and each Bank and their respective successors and assigns, except that no Account Party shall have the right to assign its rights hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of the Banks.
Binding Effect
 
9.07 .
Assignments and Participations
 
(a) Each Bank may, and so long as no Default shall have occurred and be continuing, if demanded by any Account Party (following a demand by such Bank pursuant to ) upon at least five Business Days notice to such Bank and the Administrative Agent, will, assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, all or a portion of its LC Commitment Amount, its Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment and the Letter of Credit Advances owing to it); , , that (i) each such assignment shall be of a uniform, and not a varying, percentage of all rights and obligations of such Bank hereunder, except for any non-pro rata assignment made by a Downgraded Bank after a request by the Administrative Agent pursuant to (and any subsequent non-pro rata assignment of the interest so assigned or by the Downgraded Bank) and any other non-pro rata assignment approved by the Administrative Agent and any Account Party, (ii) except in the case of an assignment to a Person that, immediately prior to such assignment, was (x) a Bank or an Affiliate of any Bank, the aggregate amount of the LC Commitment Amounts being assigned to such Eligible Assignee pursuant to such assignment (determined as of the date of the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment) shall in no event be less than $1,000,000 unless it is an assignment of the entire amount of such assignor's LC Commitment Amount, or (y) not a Bank or an Affiliate of any Bank, the aggregate amount of the LC Commitment Amounts being assigned to such Eligible Assignee pursuant to such assignment (determined as of the date of the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment) shall in no event be less than $5,000,000 unless it is an assignment of the entire amount of such assignor's LC Commitment Amount, (iii) each such assignment shall be to an Eligible Assignee, (iv) each assignment made as a result of a demand by any Account Party pursuant to shall be arranged by such Account Party after consultation with the Administrative Agent and shall be either an assignment of all of the rights and obligations of the assigning Bank under this Agreement or an assignment of a portion of such rights and obligations made concurrently with another such assignment or other such assignments that together cover all of the rights and obligations of the assigning Bank under this Agreement, (v) no Bank shall be obligated to make any such assignment as a result of a demand by any Account Party pursuant to unless and until such Bank shall have received one or more payments from either such Account Party or other Eligible Assignees in an aggregate amount at least equal to the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Advances made by such Bank, together with accrued interest thereon to the date of payment of such principal amount and all other amounts payable to such Bank under this Agreement, (vi) as a result of such assignment, no Account Party shall be subject to additional amounts under
Section 2.12
provided
however
Section 2.14
Section 2.12
Section 2.12
 
or and (vii) the parties to each such assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent, for its acceptance and recording in the Register, an Assignment and Acceptance, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500.
Section 2.06
2.08
 
(b) Upon such execution, delivery, acceptance and recording, from and after the effective date specified in such Assignment and Acceptance, (i) the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned to it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of a Bank, hereunder and (ii) the Bank assignor thereunder shall, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned by it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, relinquish its rights (other than its rights under , and to the extent any claim thereunder relates to an event arising prior to such assignment and any other rights that are expressly provided hereunder to survive) and be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all of the remaining portion of an assigning Bank's rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Bank shall cease to be a party hereto).
Sections 2.06
2.08
9.04
 
(c) By executing and delivering an Assignment and Acceptance, each Bank assignor thereunder and each assignee thereunder confirm to and agree with each other and the other parties thereto and hereto as follows: (i) other than as provided in such Assignment and Acceptance, such assigning Bank makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with any Loan Document or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of, or the perfection or priority of any lien or security interest created or purported to be created under or in connection with, any Loan Document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto; (ii) such assigning Bank makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to the financial condition of any Loan Party or the performance or observance by any Loan Party of any of its obligations under any Loan Document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto; (iii) such assignee confirms that it has received a copy of this Agreement, together with copies of the financial statements referred to in and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into such Assignment and Acceptance; (iv) such assignee will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent, such assigning Bank or any other Bank and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement; (v) such assignee confirms that it is an Eligible Assignee; (vi) such assignee appoints and authorizes each Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers and discretion under the Loan Documents as are delegated to such Agent by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto; and (vii) such assignee agrees that it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations that by the terms of this Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Bank.
Section 4.01
 
(d) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose (but only for this purpose) as the agent of the Account Parties, shall maintain at its address referred to in a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to and accepted by it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Banks and the LC Commitment Amount of, and
Section 9.02
 
principal amount of the Advances owing to, each Bank from time to time (the ""). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error, and the Account Parties, the Agents and the Banks shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as a Bank hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by any Account Party or any Agent or any Bank at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.
Register
 
(e) Upon its receipt of an Assignment and Acceptance executed by an assigning Bank and an assignee, the Administrative Agent shall, if such Assignment and Acceptance has been completed and is in substantially the form of hereto, (i) accept such Assignment and Acceptance, (ii) record the information contained therein in the Register and (iii) give prompt notice thereof to the Parent and to the parties to such Assignment and Acceptance.
Exhibit A
 
(f) Each Bank may sell participations to one or more Persons (other than any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates) in or to all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, all or a portion of its LC Commitment Amount, its Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment and the Advances owing to it; , , that (i) such Bank's obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, its Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment) shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Bank shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, (iii) the Account Parties, the Agents and the other Banks shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Bank in connection with such Bank's rights and obligations under this Agreement and (iv) no participant under any such participation shall have any right to approve any amendment or waiver of any provision of any Loan Document, or any consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, except to the extent that such amendment, waiver or consent would reduce the principal of, or interest on, reimbursement obligations or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder, in each case to the extent subject to such participation, postpone any date fixed for any payment of principal of, or interest on, the reimbursement obligations or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder, in each case to the extent subject to such participation. Each Bank shall, as agent of the Account Parties solely for the purposes of this , record in book entries maintained by such Bank, the name and amount of the participating interest of each Person entitled to receive payments in respect of any participating interests sold pursuant to this .
provided
however
Section 9.07
Section 9.07
 
(g) Any Bank may, in connection with any assignment or participation or proposed assignment or participation pursuant to this , disclose to the assignee or participant or proposed assignee or participant any information relating to any Account Party furnished to such Bank by or on behalf of any Account Party; , however, that, prior to any such disclosure, the assignee or participant or proposed assignee or participant shall agree to preserve the confidentiality of any Confidential Information received by it from such Bank.
Section 9.07
provided
 
(h) Notwithstanding any other provision set forth in this Agreement, any Bank may at any time create a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including, without limitation, the Advances owing to it) in favor of any Federal Reserve Bank in accordance with Regulation A of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.
 
9.08 . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by telecopier shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement.
Execution in Counterparts
 
9.09 . Each Account Party assumes all risks of the acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee of any Letter of Credit with respect to its use of such Letter of Credit. Neither an Issuing Bank nor any of its officers, directors, employees or agents shall be liable or responsible for: (a) the use that may be made of any Letter of Credit or any acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee in connection therewith; (b) the validity, sufficiency or genuineness of documents, or of any endorsement thereon, even if such documents should prove to be in any or all respects invalid, insufficient, fraudulent or forged; (c) payment by such Issuing Bank against presentation of documents that do not strictly comply with the terms of a Letter of Credit, including failure of any documents to bear any reference or adequate reference to the Letter of Credit; or (d) any other circumstances whatsoever in making or failing to make payment under any Letter of Credit, except that such Account Party shall have a claim against such Issuing Bank, and such Issuing Bank shall be liable to such Account Party, to the extent of any direct, but not consequential, damages suffered by such Account Party that such Account Party proves were caused by (i) such Issuing Bank's willful misconduct or gross negligence as determined in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction in determining whether documents presented under any Letter of Credit comply with the terms of the Letter of Credit or (ii) such Issuing Bank's willful failure to make lawful payment under a Letter of Credit after the presentation to it of a draft and certificates strictly complying with the terms and conditions of the Letter of Credit. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the Issuing Banks may accept documents that appear on their face to be in order, without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary.
No Liability of the Issuing Banks
 
9.10 . Neither any Agent nor any Bank shall disclose any Confidential Information to any Person without the consent of the Parent, other than (a) to such Agent's or such Bank's Affiliates and their officers, directors, employees, agents and advisors and to actual or prospective Eligible Assignees and participants, and then only on a confidential basis, (b) as required by any law, rule or regulation or judicial process, (c) as requested or required by any state, federal or foreign authority or examiner regulating such Bank or pursuant to any request of any self-regulatory body having or claiming authority to regulate or oversee any aspect of a Bank's business of that of any of its Affiliates and (d) to any rating agency when required by it, that, prior to any such disclosure, such rating agency shall undertake to preserve the confidentiality of any Confidential Information relating to the Loan Parties received by it from such Bank. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the information subject to this shall not include, and the Administrative Agent and each Bank may disclose to any and all Persons, without limitation of any kind, any information with respect to the "tax treatment" and "tax structure" (in each case, within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4) of the transactions contemplated hereby or by any of the other Loan Documents and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to the Administrative Agent or such Bank relating to such tax treatment and tax structure (it being
Confidentiality
provided
Section 9.10
 
understood that this authorization is retroactively effective to the commencement of the first discussions between or among any of the parties regarding the transactions contemplated hereby or by any of the other Loan Documents); that with respect to any document or similar item that in either case contains information concerning such tax treatment or tax structure as well as other information, this sentence shall only apply to such portions of the document or similar item that relate to such tax treatment or tax structure.
provided
 
9.11 .
Jurisdiction, Etc
 
(a) Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of any New York State court or federal court of the United States of America sitting in New York City, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in any such New York State court or, to the extent permitted by law, in such federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement shall affect any right that any party may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents in the courts of any jurisdiction.
 
(b) Each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to which it is a party in any New York State or federal court. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.
 
(c) Each of the Account Parties hereby irrevocably appoints Mayer, Brown, Rowe & Maw LLP, with offices on the Effective Date at 1675 Broadway, New York, New York, 10019, USA as its agent to receive, accept and acknowledge for and on its behalf services of any and all legal process, summons, notices and documents which may be served in any such action or proceeding. If for any reason such agent shall cease to be available to act as such, the Account Parties agree to promptly designate a new agent satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, to receive, accept and acknowledge for and on its behalf service of any and all legal process, summons, notices and documents which may be served in any such action or proceeding pursuant to the terms of this . In the event that any Borrower shall fail to designate such new agent, service of process in any such action or proceeding may be made on such Account Party by the mailing of copies thereof by express or overnight mail or courier, postage prepaid, to such Account Party at its address set forth opposite its signature below.
Section 9.11
 
9.12 . This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.
Governing Law
 
9.13 . Each of the Account Parties, the Agents and the Banks irrevocably waives all right to trial by jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim (whether based on contract, tort or otherwise) arising out of or relating to any of the Loan Documents, the Advances or the actions of any Agent or any Bank in the negotiation, administration, performance or enforcement thereof.
Waiver of Jury Trial
 
9.14 . Each Account Party agrees and consents to the Administrative Agent's disclosure of information relating to this transaction to and other similar bank trade publications. Such information will consist of deal terms and other information customarily found in such publications. The Parent shall have the right to review and approve any such disclosure made by the Administrative Agent before such disclosure is made (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld).
Disclosure of Information
Gold Sheets
 
9.15 . Upon the Effective Date, (i) the Existing Reimbursement Agreement shall be deemed amended and restated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and (ii) any bank or financial institution party to the Existing Reimbursement Agreement that is not a Bank under this Agreement shall be released from all of its obligations under the Existing Reimbursement Agreement and shall have no obligations under this Agreement.
Certain Effective Date Matters
 
9.16 . The terms and conditions of the Existing Reimbursement Agreement are amended as set forth in, and restated in their entirety and superseded by, this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to be a novation of any of the obligations and liabilities existing under the Existing Reimbursement Agreement. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or instrument executed in connection herewith, the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the incurrence of obligations and liabilities hereunder shall be in substitution for, but not in payment of, the obligations and liabilities owed by the Borrower under the Existing Reimbursement Agreement. From and after the Closing Date, each reference to the "Agreement", "Reimbursement Agreement" or other reference originally applicable to the Existing Reimbursement Agreement contained in any Loan Document shall be a reference to this Agreement, as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time.
No Novation
 
 
, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 
 
 
Signature Page to Unsecured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
 
Signature Page to Unsecured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Unsecured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Unsecured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Unsecured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Unsecured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Unsecured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Unsecured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Unsecured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Unsecured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Unsecured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Unsecured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Unsecured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Unsecured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Unsecured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Unsecured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Unsecured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Unsecured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Unsecured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Unsecured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Unsecured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Unsecured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Unsecured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE dated as of , 20 between (the "") and (the ""), and [consented to and] accepted by Wachovia Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (the "")[, and ACE Limited (the "")].
                        
    
                                                     
Assignor
                                                     
Assignee
Administrative Agent
Parent
 
 
WHEREAS, this Assignment and Acceptance (the "") relates to the Amended and Restated Reimbursement Agreement dated as of July 1, 2005 among the Parent and other Account Parties party thereto, the Assignor and the other Banks party thereto, the Syndication Agent party thereto and the Administrative Agent, providing for a $1,000,000,000 unsecured letter of credit facility for the benefit of the Account Parties (as amended or otherwise modified from time to time, the "");
Agreement
Reimbursement Agreement
 
WHEREAS, as provided under the Reimbursement Agreement, the Assignor has a commitment to participate in Letters of Credit and make Letter of Credit Advances to the Account Parties in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed $;
                    
 
WHEREAS, Letters of Credit with a total amount available for drawing thereunder of $ are outstanding at the date hereof;
                    
 
WHEREAS, Letter of Credit Advances made to the Account Parties by the Assignor under the Reimbursement Agreement in the aggregate principal amount of $ are outstanding at the date hereof; and
                    
 
WHEREAS, the Assignor proposes to assign to the Assignee all of the rights of the Assignor under the Reimbursement Agreement and the other Loan Documents in respect of a portion of its LC Commitment Amount thereunder in an amount equal to $ (the ""), together with a corresponding portion of its outstanding Letter of Credit Participating Interest, Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment, LC Participation Obligations, Letter of Credit Exposure, and Letter of Credit Advances, if any, and the Assignee proposes to accept assignment of such rights and assume the corresponding obligations from the Assignor on such terms.
                    
Assigned Amount
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:
 
1. . All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Reimbursement Agreement.
Definitions
 
2. . The Assignor hereby assigns and sells to the Assignee all of the rights of the Assignor under the Reimbursement Agreement and the other Loan Documents to the extent of the Assigned Amount, and the Assignee hereby accepts such assignment from the Assignor and assumes all of the obligations of the Assignor under the Reimbursement Agreement to the extent of the Assigned Amount, including the outstanding Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment and Letter of Credit Exposure, and the amount of the Letter of Credit Advances, if any, outstanding at the date hereof. Upon the execution and delivery hereof by the Assignor, the Assignee[, the Administrative Agent and the Parent] and the payment of the amounts specified in Section 3 required to be paid on the date hereof (i) the Assignee shall, as of the date hereof, succeed to the rights and be obligated to perform the obligations of a Bank under the Reimbursement Agreement with an LC Commitment Amount (in addition to any LC Commitment Amount theretofore held by it) equal to the Assigned Amount, and (ii) the LC Commitment Amount of the Assignor shall, as of the date hereof, be reduced by a like amount and the Assignor shall be released from its obligations under the Reimbursement Agreement to the extent such obligations have been assumed by the Assignee. The assignment provided for herein shall be without recourse to the Assignor.
Assignment
 
3. . As consideration for the assignment and sale contemplated in Section 2 hereof, the Assignee shall pay to the Assignor on the date hereof the amount heretofore agreed between them.
Payments
1
It is understood that commitment and Letter of Credit fees accrued to the date hereof in respect of the Assigned Amount are for the account of the Assignor and such fees accruing from and including the date hereof are for the account of the Assignee. Each of the Assignor and the Assignee hereby agrees that if it receives any amount under the Reimbursement Agreement which is for the account of the other party hereto, it shall receive the same for the account of such other party to the extent of such other party's interest therein and shall promptly pay the same to such other party.
 
4. . Pursuant to the Reimbursement Agreement, this Agreement is conditioned upon the consent of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing, the Parent. The execution of this Agreement by the Administrative Agent and, if applicable, the Parent is evidence of this consent.]
[Consent of the Administrative Agent and the Parent
 
5. . The Assignor makes no representation or warranty in connection with, and shall have no responsibility with respect to, the solvency, financial condition or statements of the Account Parties or any of their respective Subsidiaries, or the validity and enforceability of the obligations of the Account Parties or any of their respective Subsidiaries in respect of any Loan Document. The Assignee acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance on the Assignor, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement and will continue to be responsible for making its own independent appraisal of the business, affairs and financial condition of the Account Parties and their respective Subsidiaries.
Non-Reliance on Assignor
 
6. . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.
Governing Law
 
7. . This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument.
Counterparts
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered by their duly authorized officers as of the date first above written.
 
 

Exhibit 10.2
 
Execution Copy
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
dated as of July 1, 2005, among ACE Limited, a Cayman Islands company (the ""), ACE Bermuda Insurance Ltd., a Bermuda company (""), ACE Tempest Life Reinsurance Ltd., a Bermuda company (""), and ACE Tempest Reinsurance Ltd., a Bermuda company ("") (ACE Bermuda, Tempest Life and Tempest, together with the Parent, the "" and individually an ""), the banks, financial institutions and other institutional lenders listed on the signature pages hereof as the Initial Banks (the ""), Wachovia Bank, National Association (""), as an Issuing Bank (as hereinafter defined), Bank of America, N.A. (""), as syndication agent, (the ""), Barclays Bank PLC (""), as co-documentation agent, CitiBank, N.A. (""), as co-documentation agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as co-documentation agent ("" and, together with Barclays and CitiBank, the ""), and Wachovia, as administrative agent (together with any successor administrative agent appointed pursuant to , the "" and, together with the Syndication Agent and Documentation Agents, the "") for the Banks.
AMENDED AND RESTATED REIMBURSEMENT AGREEMENT
Parent
ACE Bermuda
Tempest Life
Tempest
Account Parties
Account Party
Initial Banks
Wachovia
Bank of America
Syndication Agent
Barclays
CitiBank
Chase
Documentation Agents
Article VIII
Administrative Agent
Agents
 
 
A. The Account Parties entered into a Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of September 22, 2004 (the ""), among the Account Parties, the banks and other lenders named therein, Wachovia, as an Issuing Bank and as Administrative Agent, and Bank of America, as Syndication Agent, providing for a $500,000,000 secured letter of credit facility for the benefit of the Account Parties. The Account Parties have requested that the parties hereto amend and restate the Existing Reimbursement Agreement to make certain amendments.
Existing Reimbursement Agreement
 
B. The Issuing Banks and the Banks are willing to amend and restate the Existing Reimbursement Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. It is the intent of the parties hereto that this Agreement not constitute a novation of the obligations and liabilities existing under the Existing Reimbursement Agreement or evidence repayment of any of such obligations and liabilities and that this Agreement amend and restate in its entirety the Existing Reimbursement Agreement and re-evidence the obligations of the Account Parties outstanding thereunder.
 
 
, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
NOW, THEREFORE
 
 
 
 
1.01 . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined):
Certain Defined Terms
 
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Account Parties
 
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
ACE Bermuda
 
"" means ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation.
ACE INA
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Additional Bank
Section 2.16(a)
 
"" means, at any time, an amount equal to (i) the then outstanding Consolidated Debt of the Parent and its Subsidiaries plus (ii) to the extent exceeding an amount equal to 15% of Total Capitalization, the then issued and outstanding amount of Preferred Securities (other than any Mandatorily Convertible Preferred Securities).
Adjusted Consolidated Debt
 
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Administrative Agent
 
"" means the account of the Administrative Agent maintained by the Administrative Agent at Wachovia Bank, National Association, Charlotte Plaza Building, 201 South College Street, 8
Administrative Agent's Account
th
Floor NC0680, Charlotte, North Carolina 28288, Account No. 5000000027444, Re: ACE Ltd., Attn: Syndication Agency Services, or such other account as the Administrative Agent shall specify in writing to the Banks.
 
"" means, with respect to each Bank, the administrative questionnaire in the form submitted to such Bank by the Administrative Agent and returned to the Administrative Agent duly completed by such Bank.
Administrative Questionnaire
 
"" means a Letter of Credit Advance.
Advance
 
"" means any Bank that (i) has made, or notified any Account Party that an event or circumstance has occurred which may give rise to, a demand for compensation under or or (but only so long as the event or circumstance giving rise to such demand or notice is continuing) or (ii) is a Downgraded Bank.
Affected Bank
Section 2.06(a)
(b)
Section 2.08
 
"" means, as to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person or is a director or officer of such Person. For purposes of this definition, the term "control" (including the terms "controlling", "controlled by" and "under common control with") of a Person means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to vote 5% or more of the Voting Interests of such Person or to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of Voting Interests, by contract or otherwise.
Affiliate
 
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Agents
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Agreement Currency
Section 2.15(g)
 
"" with respect to any outstanding or proposed Letter of Credit means the Account Party for the account of which such Letter of Credit was or is proposed to be issued.
Applicable Account Party
 
"" means, with respect to each Bank, such Bank's Domestic Lending Office.
Applicable Lending Office
 
"" means any Investment that was made by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to investment guidelines set forth by the board of directors of the Parent which are consistent with past practices.
Approved Investment
 
"" means an assignment and acceptance entered into by a Bank and an Eligible Assignee, and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in accordance with and in substantially the form of hereto.
Assignment and Acceptance
Section 9.07
Exhibit A
 
"" of any Letter of Credit means, at any time, the maximum amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit at such time or at any future time (assuming compliance at such time or such future time with all conditions to drawing) (including without limitation amounts which have been the subject of drawings by the applicable beneficiary but which have not yet been paid by an Issuing Bank).
Available Amount
 
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Bank of America
 
"" means Title 11, U.S. Code, or any similar foreign, federal or state law for the relief of debtors.
Bankruptcy Law
 
"" means the Initial Banks and each Person that shall become a Bank hereunder pursuant to or , and for so long as such Initial Bank or Person, as the case may be, shall be a party to this Agreement.
Banks
Section 2.16(a)
Section 9.07(a)
(b)
(c)
 
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Barclays
 
"" has the meaning set forth in .
Base Amount
Section 5.04(b)
 
"" means a fluctuating interest rate per annum in effect from time to time, which rate per annum shall at all times be equal to the rate of interest announced publicly by Wachovia in Charlotte, North Carolina from time to time, as Wachovia's prime rate (which may not be its best lending rate) or, if higher on the day in question,  of 1% above the Federal Funds Rate.
Base Rate
 
"" means a day of the year on which banks are not required or authorized by law to close in Charlotte, North Carolina, New York, New York, London, England or Bermuda.
Business Day
 
"" means all leases that have been or should be, in accordance with GAAP, recorded as capitalized leases.
Capitalized Leases
 
"" means the occurrence of any of the following: (a) any Person or two or more Persons acting in concert shall have acquired beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), directly or indirectly, of Voting Interests of the Parent (or other securities convertible into such Voting Interests) representing 30% or more of the combined voting power of all Voting Interests of the Parent or (b) a majority of the board of directors of the Parent shall not be Continuing Members.
Change of Control
 
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
CitiBank
 
"" means all the assets, property and interests in property that shall from time to time be pledged or be purported to be pledged as direct or indirect security for the Obligations pursuant to any one or more of the Security Documents.
Collateral
 
"" means, for any Business Day as of which it is being calculated, (a) for each category of Collateral set forth on , an amount equal to the "Eligible Percentage" of the market value (or, as to cash, the dollar amount) thereof set forth opposite such category of Collateral on , and (b) for the Collateral, in the aggregate, the sum of such amounts, in each case as of the close of business on the immediately preceding Business Day or, if such amount is not determinable as of the close of business on such immediately preceding Business Day, as of the close of business on the most recent Business Day on which such amount is determinable, which Business Day shall be not more than two (2) Business Days prior to the Business Day as of which the Collateral Value is being calculated; that the calculation of the Collateral Value shall be further subject to the terms and conditions set forth on ; and that no Collateral (including, without limitation, cash) shall be included in the calculation of the Collateral Value unless the Administrative Agent has a first priority perfected Lien on and security interest in such Collateral pursuant to the Security Documents.
Collateral Value
Schedule III
Schedule III
provided
Schedule III
provided
further
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Collateral Value Report
Section 2.17(b)
 
"" means, at any time, the aggregate amount of the Banks' LC Commitment Amounts at such time.
Committed Facility
 
"" means information that any Loan Party furnishes to any Agent or any Bank, but does not include any such information that is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of a breach by any Agent or any Bank of its obligations hereunder or that is or becomes available to such Agent or such Bank from a source other than the Loan Parties that is not, to the best of such Agent's or such Bank's knowledge, acting in violation of a confidentiality agreement with a Loan Party.
Confidential Information
 
"" refers to the consolidation of accounts in accordance with GAAP.
Consolidated
 
"" means, for any period, the net income of the Parent and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, determined on a Consolidated basis for such period.
Consolidated Net Income
 
"" means at any date the Consolidated stockholders' equity of the Parent and its Consolidated Subsidiaries determined as of such date, that such determination for purposes of shall be made without giving effect to adjustments pursuant to Statement No. 115 of the Financial Accounting Standards Board of the United States of America.
Consolidated Net Worth
provided
Section 5.04
 
"" means, with respect to any Person, any obligation or arrangement of such Person to guarantee or intended to guarantee any Debt, leases, dividends or other payment obligations ("") of any other Person (the "") in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including, without limitation, (a) the direct or indirect guarantee, endorsement (other than for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business), co-making, discounting with recourse or sale with recourse by such Person of the obligation of a primary obligor, (b) the obligation to make take-or-pay or similar payments, if required, regardless of nonperformance by any other party or parties to an agreement or (c) any obligation of such Person, whether or not contingent, (i) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor, (ii) to advance or supply funds (A) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (B) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor, (iii) to purchase property, assets, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation or (iv) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the holder of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof; , , that Contingent Obligations shall not include any obligations of any such Person arising under insurance contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Contingent Obligation shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Contingent Obligation is made (or, if less, the maximum amount of such primary obligation for which such Person may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument evidencing such Contingent Obligation) or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof (assuming such Person is required to perform thereunder), as determined by such Person in good faith.
Contingent Obligation
primary obligations
primary obligor
provided
however
 
"" means a member of the Board of Directors of the Parent who either (i) was a member of the Parent's Board of Directors on the date of execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Parent and has been such continuously thereafter or (ii) became a member of such Board of Directors after such date and whose election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of the majority of the Continuing Members then members of the Parent's Board of Directors.
Continuing Member
 
"" means each custodial, brokerage or similar account of any Account Party maintained by a custodian, broker or other securities intermediary as a "securities account" within the meaning of Section 8-501(a) of the Uniform Commercial Code for such Account Party as the "entitlement holder" within the meaning of Section 8-102(7) of the Uniform Commercial Code pursuant to a Custodial Agreement, on which (and on the contents of which) a Lien has been granted as security for the Obligations.
Custodial Account
 
"" means each custodial or similar agreement between the Account Parties (or any of them) and a Custodian, pursuant to which one or more Custodial Accounts are maintained, in each case as amended.
Custodial Agreement
 
"" means (i) State Street (in its capacity as custodian of the State Street Custodial Accounts) and (ii) each other bank or financial institution that maintains a Custodial Account (in its capacity as custodian thereof), in each case including any sub-custodian.
Custodian
 
"" means debt securities issued by ACE INA or the Parent to a Special Purpose Trust in exchange for proceeds of Preferred Securities and common securities of such Special Purpose Trust.
Debenture
 
"" of any Person means, without duplication for purposes of calculating financial ratios, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of such Person's business), (c) all obligations of such Person evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other similar instruments, (d) all obligations of such Person created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement with respect to property acquired by such Person (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or lender under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property), (e) all obligations of such Person as lessee under Capitalized Leases (excluding imputed interest), (f) all obligations of such Person under acceptance, letter of credit or similar facilities, (g) all obligations of such Person to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise make any payment in respect of any Equity Interests (except for obligations to pay for Equity Interests within customary settlement periods) in such Person or any other Person or any warrants, rights or options to acquire such capital stock (excluding payments under a contract for the forward sale of ordinary shares of such Person issued in a public offering), valued, in the case of Redeemable Preferred Interests, at the greater of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference accrued and unpaid dividends, (h) all Contingent Obligations of such Person in respect of Debt (of the types described above) of any other Person and (i) all indebtedness and other payment obligations referred to in clauses (a) through (h) above of another Person secured by (or for which the holder of such Debt has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property (including, without limitation, accounts and contract rights) owned by such Person, even though such Person has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such indebtedness or other payment obligations; , , that the amount of Debt of such Person under clause (i) above shall, if such Person has not assumed or otherwise become liable for any such Debt, be limited to the lesser of the principal amount of such Debt or the fair market value of all property of such Person securing such Debt; that "Debt" shall not include obligations in respect of insurance or reinsurance contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business or any obligations of such Person (1) to purchase securities (or other property) which arise out of or in connection with the sale of the same or substantially similar securities (or other property) or (2) to return collateral consisting of securities arising out of or in connection with the loan of the same or substantially similar securities; that, solely for purposes of and the definitions of "Adjusted Consolidated Debt" and "Total Capitalization", "Debt" shall not include (x) any contingent obligations of any Person under or in connection with acceptance, letter of credit or similar facilities or (y) obligations of the Parent or
Debt
plus
provided
however
provided
further
provided
further
Section 5.04
 
ACE INA under any Debentures or under any subordinated guaranty of any Preferred Securities or obligations of a Special Purpose Trust under any Preferred Securities.
 
"" means any Event of Default or any event that would constitute an Event of Default but for the requirement that notice be given or time elapse or both.
Default
 
"" means, with respect to any Bank at any time, any amount required to be paid by such Bank to any Agent or any other Bank hereunder or under any other Loan Document at or prior to such time that has not been so paid as of such time, including, without limitation, any amount required to be paid by such Bank to (a) an Issuing Bank pursuant to to purchase a portion of a Letter of Credit Advance made by such Issuing Bank and (b) any Agent or any Issuing Bank pursuant to to reimburse such Agent or such Issuing Bank for such Bank's ratable share of any amount required to be paid by the Banks to such Agent or such Issuing Bank as provided therein.
Defaulted Amount
Section 2.02(f)
Section 8.05
 
"" means, at any time, any Bank that, at such time, (a) owes a Defaulted Amount or (b) shall take any action or be the subject of any action or proceeding of a type described in .
Defaulting Bank
Section 6.01(g)
 
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Documentation Agents
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Dollar Equivalent
Section 2.15(h)
 
"" means, with respect to any Bank, the office of such Bank specified as its "Domestic Lending Office" in its Administrative Questionnaire or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Bank, as the case may be, or such other office of such Bank as such Bank may from time to time specify to any Account Party and the Administrative Agent.
Domestic Lending Office
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Downgrade Account
Section 2.14(a)
 
"" means, with respect to any Bank, a reduction of the credit rating for the senior unsecured unsupported long-term debt of such Bank (or, if no such rating exists, then a reduction of the long-term issuer credit rating of such Bank) by S&P or Moody's.
Downgrade Event
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Downgrade Notice
Section 2.14(a)
 
"" means any Bank which has a credit rating of less than A- (in the case of S&P) or A3 (in the case of Moody's) for its senior unsecured unsupported long-term debt or which does not have any credit rating on such debt from one of S&P or Moody's; provided, that if at any time such Bank has no such senior unsecured unsupported long-term debt rating from either rating service but does have a long-term issuer credit rating from either or both services, then such Bank shall not be considered a Downgraded Bank so long as such long-term issuer credit rating remains at or above A- (in the case of S&P) or A3 (in the case of Moody's).
Downgraded Bank
 
"" means the first date on which the conditions set forth in shall have been satisfied.
Effective Date
Article III
 
"" means (i) a Bank, (ii) an Affiliate of a Bank, or (iii) a commercial bank, a savings bank or other financial institution that is approved by the Administrative Agent and, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time any assignment is effected pursuant to , the Parent (such approvals not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); , , that neither any Loan Party nor any Affiliate of a Loan Party shall qualify as an Eligible Assignee under this definition.
Eligible Assignee
Section 9.07
provided
however
 
"" means any action, suit, demand, demand letter, claim, notice of non-compliance or violation, notice of liability or potential liability, investigation, proceeding, consent order or consent agreement relating in any way to any Environmental Law, any Environmental Permit or Hazardous Material or arising from alleged injury or threat to health, safety or the environment, including, without limitation, (a) by any governmental or regulatory authority for enforcement, cleanup, removal, response, remedial or other actions or damages and (b) by any governmental or regulatory authority or third party for damages, contribution, indemnification, cost recovery, compensation or injunctive relief.
Environmental Action
 
"" means any federal, state, local or foreign statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation, code, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree or judicial or agency interpretation, policy or guidance relating to pollution or protection of the environment, health, safety or natural resources, including, without limitation, those relating to the use, handling, transportation, treatment, storage, disposal, release or discharge of Hazardous Materials.
Environmental Law
 
"" means any permit, approval, identification number, license or other authorization required under any Environmental Law.
Environmental Permit
 
"" means, with respect to any Person, shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or other acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or other acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such other interests), and other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including, without limitation, partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are authorized or otherwise existing on any date of determination.
Equity Interests
 
"" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder.
ERISA
 
"" means any Person that for purposes of Title IV of ERISA is a member of the controlled group of any Loan Party, or under common control with any Loan Party, within the meaning of Section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 4001 of ERISA.
ERISA Affiliate
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Events of Default
Section 6.01
 
"" means, collectively, the letters of credit outstanding on the Effective Date issued by Wachovia pursuant to the Existing Reimbursement Agreement, which letters of credit are listed on hereto.
Existing Letters of Credit
Schedule II
 
"" has the meaning specified in the Preliminary Statement hereof.
Existing Reimbursement Agreement
 
"" means the Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of September 22, 2004, among the Account Parties, the banks and other lenders named therein, Wachovia, as an Issuing Bank and as Administrative Agent, and Bank of America, as Syndication Agent, as amended, providing for a $850,000,000 unsecured letter of credit facility for the benefit of the Account Parties.
Existing Unsecured Reimbursement Agreement
 
"" shall mean July 1, 2010.
Expiration Date
 
"" means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal for each day during such period to the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by federal funds brokers, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the next preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day for such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it.
Federal Funds Rate
 
"" means the fee letter dated June 1, 2005 among the Parent, Wachovia and Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC, as amended.
Fee Letter
 
"" means the fiscal year of the Parent and its Consolidated Subsidiaries ending on December 31 in any calendar year.
Fiscal Year
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Foreign Government Scheme or Arrangement
Section 4.01(m)(ii)
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Foreign Plan
Section 4.01(m)(ii)
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
GAAP
Section 1.03
 
"" means the undertaking by each of the Account Parties under .
Guaranty
Article VII
 
"" means (a) petroleum or petroleum products, by-products or breakdown products, radioactive materials, asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls and radon gas and (b) any other chemicals, materials or substances designated, classified or regulated as hazardous or toxic or as a pollutant or contaminant under any Environmental Law.
Hazardous Materials
 
"" means interest rate swap, cap or collar agreements, interest rate future or option contracts, currency swap agreements, currency future or option contracts and other hedging agreements.
Hedge Agreements
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Indemnified Party
Section 9.04(b)
 
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Initial Banks
 
"" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder.
Internal Revenue Code
 
"" in any Person means any loan or advance to such Person, any purchase or other acquisition of any Equity Interests or Debt or the assets comprising a division or business unit or a substantial part or all of the business of such Person, any capital contribution to such Person or any other direct or indirect investment in such Person, including, without limitation, any acquisition by way of a merger or consolidation and any arrangement pursuant to which the investor incurs Debt of the types referred to in clause (h) or (i) of the definition of "Debt" in respect of such Person; , , that any purchase by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any catastrophe-linked instruments which are (x) issued for the purpose of transferring traditional reinsurance risk to the capital markets and (y) purchased by such Loan Party or Subsidiary in accordance with its customary reinsurance underwriting procedures, or the entry by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary into swap instruments relating to such instruments in accordance with such procedures, shall be deemed to be the entry by such Person into a reinsurance contract and shall not be deemed to be an Investment by such Person.
Investment
provided
however
 
"" means Wachovia, CitiBank, Barclays and any other Bank that has been appointed by the Parent, has accepted such appointment and has been approved in writing by the Administrative Agent (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld).
Issuing Banks
 
"" means Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC and Banc of America Securities, LLC, collectively.
Joint Lead Arrangers
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
JPMorgan Credit Agreement
Section 5.02(a)(xvii)
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Judgment Currency
Section 2.15(g)
 
"" means, with respect to any Bank at any time, the amount set forth opposite such Bank's name on hereto under the caption "LC Commitment Amount" or, if such Bank has entered into one or more Assignment and Acceptances, or has become a Bank, or has increased its LC Commitment pursuant to , the amount set forth for such Bank in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant to as such Bank's "LC Commitment Amount", as such amount may be reduced at or prior to such time pursuant to .
LC Commitment Amount
Schedule I
Section 2.16
Section 9.07(d)
Section 2.04
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
LC Participation Obligations
Section 2.14(a)
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
L/C Related Documents
Section 2.03(a)(ii)
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Letter of Credit Advance
Section 2.02(g)
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Letter of Credit Agreement
Section 2.02(a)
 
"" at any time means the sum at such time of (a) the aggregate outstanding amount of Letter of Credit Advances, (b) the aggregate Available Amounts of all outstanding Letters of Credit (including, without limitation, all outstanding Existing Letters of
Letter of Credit Exposure
 
Credit) and (c) the aggregate Available Amounts of all Letters of Credit which have been requested by an Account Party to be issued hereunder but have not yet been so issued.
 
"" at any time means the sum at such time of (a) the aggregate outstanding amount of Letter of Credit Advances and (b) the aggregate Available Amounts of all outstanding Letters of Credit, in each case after giving effect to any issuance or renewal of a Letter of Credit occurring on the date of determination and any other changes in the aggregate amounts under clauses (a) and (b) above as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements of outstanding unpaid drawings under any Letter of Credit or any reductions in the maximum amount available for drawings under any Letter of Credit taking effect on such date.
Letter of Credit Outstandings
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Letter of Credit Participating Interest
Section 2.02(e)
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment
Section 2.02(e)
 
"" means, for any Bank, a fraction, expressed as a percentage, the numerator of which is such Bank's LC Commitment Amount and the denominator of which is the aggregate LC Commitment Amounts of all the Banks.
Letter of Credit Participating Interest Percentage
 
"" means a letter in substantially the form of .
Letter of Instruction
Exhibit E
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Letters of Credit
Section 2.01
 
"" means any lien, security interest or other charge or encumbrance of any kind, or any other type of preferential arrangement, including, without limitation, the lien or retained security title of a conditional vendor and any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property.
Lien
 
"" means (i) this Agreement, (ii) the Fee Letter, (iii) each Letter of Credit Agreement, (iv) each Security Document and (v) each Letter of Instruction, in each case as amended from time to time.
Loan Documents
 
"" means the Account Parties.
Loan Parties
 
"" means units comprised of (i) Preferred Securities or preferred shares of Parent and (ii) a contract for the sale of ordinary shares of the Parent.
Mandatorily Convertible Preferred Securities
 
"" has the meaning specified in Regulation U.
Margin Stock
 
"" means any material adverse change in the business, financial condition, operations or properties of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.
Material Adverse Change
 
"" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, condition, operations or properties of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Bank under any Loan Document
Material Adverse Effect
 
or (c) the ability of the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, to perform their obligations under the Loan Documents.
 
"" means a principal amount of Debt and/or payment obligations in respect of any Hedge Agreement of the Parent and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries arising in one or more related or unrelated transactions exceeding in the aggregate $50,000,000.
Material Financial Obligation
 
"" means (i) any Subsidiary of the Parent that has more than $10,000,000 in assets or that had more than $10,000,000 of revenue during the most recent period of four fiscal quarters for which financial statements are available, and (ii) any Subsidiary that is the direct or indirect parent company of any Subsidiary that qualified as a "Material Subsidiary" under clause (i) above.
Material Subsidiary
 
"" has the meaning set forth in .
Minimum Amount
Section 5.04(b)
 
"" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc.
Moody's
 
"" means a multiemployer plan, as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate is making or accruing an obligation to make contributions, or has within any of the preceding five plan years made or accrued an obligation to make contributions.
Multiemployer Plan
 
"" means, with respect to any issuance of Equity Interests by any Person, the amount of cash received by such Person in connection with such transaction after deducting therefrom the aggregate, without duplication, of the following amounts to the extent properly attributable to such transaction: (a) reasonable brokerage commissions, attorneys' fees, finder's fees, financial advisory fees, accounting fees, underwriting fees, investment banking fees, and other similar commissions, and fees and expenses and disbursements of any of the foregoing, in each case to the extent paid or payable by such Person; (b) printing and related expenses of filing and recording or registration fees or charges or similar fees or charges paid by such Person; and (c) taxes paid or payable by such Person to any governmental authority or regulatory body as a result of such transaction.
Net Proceeds
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Non-Dollar Letters of Credit
Section 2.15(a)
 
"" means all obligations of every nature of the Account Parties from time to time owing, due or payable to any Agent or to any Bank under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, whether for principal, reimbursement for payments made under Letters of Credit (including, without limitation, Existing Letters of Credit), interest (including, to the greatest extent permitted by law, post-petition interest), fees, expenses, indemnities or any other obligations, and whether now existing or hereafter incurred, created or arising and whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, or due or to become due (including obligations of performance).
Obligations
 
"" means the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control, and any successor thereto.
OFAC
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Other Taxes
Section 2.08(b)
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Overnight Rate
Section 2.15(h)
 
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Parent
 
"" means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT Act, Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute, and all rules and regulations from time to time promulgated thereunder.
Patriot Act
 
"" means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (or any successor).
PBGC
 
"" means a "pension plan", as such term is defined in section 3(2) of ERISA, which is subject to title IV of ERISA (other than any "multiemployer plan" as such term is defined in section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA), and to which any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate may have any liability, including any liability by reason of having been a substantial employer within the meaning of section 4063 of ERISA at any time during the preceding five years, or by reason of being deemed to be a contributing sponsor under section 4069 of ERISA.
Pension Plan
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Permitted Collateral Liens
Section 5.02(a)
 
"" means such of the following as to which no enforcement, collection, execution, levy or foreclosure proceeding shall have been commenced or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings: (a) Liens for taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies not yet due and payable; (b) Liens imposed by law, such as materialmen's, mechanics', carriers', workmen's and repairmen's Liens and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business securing obligations that are not overdue for a period of more than 90 days; (c) pledges or deposits to secure obligations under workers' compensation laws or similar legislation or to secure public or statutory obligations; and (d) easements, rights of way and other encumbrances on title to real property that do not render title to the property encumbered thereby unmarketable or materially adversely affect the use of such property for its present purposes.
Permitted Liens
 
"" means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a business trust), limited liability company, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or other entity, or a government or any political subdivision or agency thereof.
Person
 
"" means the Pledge and Security Agreement made by the Account Parties party thereto in favor of the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of , as amended.
Pledge and Security Agreement
Exhibit D
 
"" means, with respect to any Person, Equity Interests issued by such Person that are entitled to a preference or priority over any other Equity Interests issued by such Person upon any distribution of such Person's property and assets, whether by dividend or upon liquidation.
Preferred Interests
 
"" means (i) preferred securities issued by a Special Purpose Trust which shall provide, among other things, that dividends shall be payable only out of proceeds of interest payments on the Debentures, or (ii) other instruments that may be treated in whole or in part as equity for rating agency purposes while being treated as debt for tax purposes.
Preferred Securities
 
"" means from and to the Banks in accordance with their respective Letter of Credit Participating Interest Percentages.
Pro Rata
 
"" means, for any Bank, its share determined Pro Rata, in accordance with the definition of the term "Pro Rata."
Pro Rata Share
 
"" means, with respect to any Equity Interest, any Debt or any other right or obligation, any such Equity Interest, Debt, right or obligation that (a) the issuer has undertaken to redeem at a fixed or determinable date or dates, whether by operation of a sinking fund or otherwise, or upon the occurrence of a condition not solely within the control of the issuer or (b) is redeemable at the option of the holder.
Redeemable
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Register
Section 9.07(d)
 
"" means Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as in effect from time to time.
Regulation U
 
"" means, at any time, Banks owed or holding at least a majority in interest of the sum of (a) aggregate principal amount of the Letter of Credit Advances outstanding at such time and (b) the aggregate Available Amount of all Letters of Credit outstanding at such time, or, if no such principal amount and no Letters of Credit are outstanding at such time, Banks having LC Commitment Amounts constituting at least a majority in interest of the aggregate of the LC Commitment Amounts; , , that if any Bank shall be a Defaulting Bank at such time, there shall be excluded from the determination of Required Banks at such time (A) the aggregate principal amount of the interest of such Bank in Letter of Credit Advances and outstanding at such time, (B) such Bank's Pro Rata Share of the aggregate Available Amount of all Letters of Credit outstanding at such time and (C) the Unused LC Commitment Amount of such Bank at such time.
Required Banks
provided
however
 
"" means the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Treasurer or General Counsel of the Parent.
Responsible Officer
 
"" means Standard & Poor's Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.
S&P
 
"" means a country subject to a sanctions program identified on the list maintained by OFAC and available at http://www.treas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac/sanctions/, or as otherwise published by OFAC from time to time.
Sanctioned Country
 
"" means (i) a Person named on the list of Specially Designated Nationals or Blocked Persons maintained by OFAC available at http://www.treas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac/sdn/t11sdn.pdf, or as otherwise published by
Sanctioned Person
 
OFAC from time to time, or (ii) (A) an agency of the government of a Sanctioned Country, or (B) a Person resident in a Sanctioned Country, to the extent subject to a sanctions program administered by OFAC.
 
"" means any sale, assignment or other transfer by Parent or any Subsidiary of any accounts receivable, premium finance loan receivables, lease receivables or other payment obligations owing to Parent or such Subsidiary or any interest in any of the foregoing, together in each case with any collections and other proceeds thereof, any collection or deposit accounts related thereto, and any collateral, guaranties or other property or claims in favor of Parent or such Subsidiary supporting or securing payment by the obligor thereon of, or otherwise related to, any such receivables.
Securitization Transaction
 
"" means, collectively, (i) the Pledge and Security Agreement and all other security agreements, pledge agreements, charges and mortgages at any time delivered to the Administrative Agent to create or evidence the Liens securing the Obligations, and (ii) the State Street Control Agreements and all other control agreements and similar agreements pursuant to which a Lien on a Custodial Account (and on the contents thereof) securing the Obligations is perfected in favor of the Administrative Agent, in each case under (i) and (ii), as amended.
Security Documents
 
"" means a Subsidiary of Parent that is a "significant subsidiary" of the Parent under Regulation S-X promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Significant Subsidiary
 
"" and "" mean, with respect to any Person on a particular date, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including, without limitation, contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair salable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Person's ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature and (d) such Person is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which such Person's property would constitute an unreasonably small capital. The amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability.
Solvent
Solvency
 
"" means a special purpose business trust established by the Parent or ACE INA of which the Parent or ACE INA will hold all the common securities, which will be the issuer of the Preferred Securities, and which will loan to the Parent or ACE INA (such loan being evidenced by the Debentures) the net proceeds of the issuance and sale of the Preferred Securities and common securities of such Special Purpose Trust.
Special Purpose Trust
 
"" means State Street Bank and Trust Company.
State Street
 
"" means, collectively, the control agreements among State Street, the Administrative Agent and (respectively) each of the Account Parties, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, as amended.
State Street Control Agreements
 
"" means, collectively, the Custodial Accounts of each of the Account Parties pledged pursuant to the Pledge and Security Agreement and in which the Administrative Agent's Lien is perfected pursuant to the State Street Control Agreements.
State Street Custodial Accounts
 
"" means, collectively, the Custodial Agreements by and between State Street and (respectively) each of the Account Parties, in each case as amended.
State Street Custodial Agreements
 
"" of any Person means any corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, trust or estate of which (or in which) more than 50% of (a) the issued and outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether at the time capital stock of any other class or classes of such corporation shall or might have voting power upon the occurrence of any contingency), (b) the interest in the capital or profits of such partnership, joint venture or limited liability company or (c) the beneficial interest in such trust or estate is at the time directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such Person, by such Person and one or more of its other Subsidiaries or by one or more of such Person's other Subsidiaries.
Subsidiary
 
"" means the Account Parties (other than the Parent).
Subsidiary Guarantors
 
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Syndication Agent
 
"" has the meaning specified in .
Taxes
Section 2.08(a)
 
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Tempest
 
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Tempest Life
 
"" means, at any time, an amount (without duplication) equal to (i) the then outstanding Consolidated Debt of the Parent and its Subsidiaries plus (ii) Consolidated stockholders equity of the Parent and its Subsidiaries plus (without duplication) (iii) the then issued and outstanding amount of Preferred Securities (including Mandatorily Convertible Preferred Securities) and (without duplication) Debentures.
Total Capitalization
 
"" has the meaning specified in the Pledge and Security Agreement.
Uniform Commercial Code
 
"" means the $1,000,000,000 unsecured letter of credit facility for the benefit of the Account Parties evidenced by the Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of even date herewith, among the Account Parties, the banks and other lenders named therein, Bank of America, as Syndication Agent, Barclays and CitiBank, as Issuing Banks, and Wachovia, as an Issuing Bank and as Administrative Agent (as amended or otherwise modified from time to time).
Unsecured Letter of Credit Facility
 
"" means, with respect to any Bank at any time, (a) such Bank's LC Commitment Amount at such time minus (b) such Bank's Pro Rata Share of (i) the aggregate Available Amount of all Letters of Credit hereunder (including, without limitation, all Existing Letters of Credit) and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of all Letter of
Unused LC Commitment Amount
 
Credit Advances made by the Issuing Banks pursuant to and outstanding at such time (whether held by the Issuing Banks or the Banks).
Section 2.02(g)
 
"" means securities issued or unconditionally guaranteed by the United States of America or any agency or instrumentality thereof and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America.
U.S. Government Securities
 
"" means any Person (i) organized under the laws of the United States or any jurisdiction within the United States (including foreign branches thereof) or (ii) located in the United States.
U.S. Person
 
"" means shares of capital stock issued by a corporation, or equivalent Equity Interests in any other Person, the holders of which are ordinarily, in the absence of contingencies, entitled to vote for the election of directors (or persons performing similar functions) of such Person, even if the right so to vote has been suspended by the happening of such a contingency.
Voting Interests
 
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Wachovia
 
"" means a welfare plan, as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA, that is maintained for employees of any Loan Party or in respect of which any Loan Party could have liability.
Welfare Plan
 
"" has the meaning specified in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA.
Withdrawal Liability
 
1.02 . In this Agreement and the other Loan Documents in the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word "from" means "from and including" and the words "to" and "until" each mean "to but excluding". References in the Loan Documents to any agreement or contract "as amended" shall mean and be a reference to such agreement or contract as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms.
Computation of Time Periods; Other Definitional Provisions
 
1.03 . Unless otherwise specified herein, all accounting terms used herein shall be interpreted, all accounting determinations hereunder shall be made, and all financial statements required to be delivered hereunder shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time in the United States of America (""), applied on a basis consistent (except for changes concurred in by the Parent's independent public accountants) with the most recent audited consolidated financial statements of the Parent and its Subsidiaries delivered to the Banks; that, if the Parent notifies the Administrative Agent that the Parent wishes to amend any covenant in to eliminate the effect of any change in generally accepted accounting principles on the operation of such covenant (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Parent that the Required Banks wish to amend for such purpose), then the Parent's compliance with such covenant shall be determined on the basis of generally accepted accounting principles in effect immediately before the relevant change in generally accepted accounting principles became effective (and, concurrently with the delivery of any financial statements required to be delivered hereunder, the Parent shall provide a statement of reconciliation conforming such financial
Accounting Terms and Determinations
GAAP
provided
Article V
Article V
 
information to such generally accepted accounting principles as previously in effect), until either such notice is withdrawn or such covenant is amended in a manner satisfactory to the Parent and the Required Banks.
 
 
 
2.01 . Each Issuing Bank agrees, on the terms and subject to the conditions herein set forth, to issue standby letters of credit (the "") for the account of any Account Party on any Business Day from time to time during the period from the Effective Date to the Expiration Date. From and after the Effective Date, the Existing Letters of Credit shall be Letters of Credit hereunder. No Issuing Bank shall have any obligation to issue, and no Account Party will request the issuance of, any Letter of Credit hereunder if (a) the aggregate Available Amounts of all Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank would exceed, after giving effect to such issuance, the maximum amount set forth in a letter agreement between such Issuing Bank and the Parent, on behalf of the Account Parties, or (b) the aggregate Available Amounts of all Letters of Credit would exceed, after giving effect to such issuance, the aggregate Collateral Value, or (c) any Bank's Pro Rata Share of the Available Amount of such Letter of Credit exceeds, immediately before the time of such issuance, an amount equal to such Bank's Pro Rata Share of the total Unused LC Commitment Amounts of the Banks at such time (as such amount shall be advised by the Administrative Agent to the respective Issuing Bank as contemplated by ). Unless all the Banks consent otherwise in writing, no Issuing Bank shall have any obligation to issue, and no Account Party shall request the issuance of, any Letter of Credit hereunder if the Available Amount of such Letter of Credit exceeds, immediately before the time of such issuance, an amount equal to the total Unused LC Commitment Amounts of the Banks at such time (as such amount shall be advised by the Administrative Agent to the respective Issuing Bank as contemplated by ). No Issuing Bank shall have any obligation to issue, and no Account Party shall request the issuance of, any Letter of Credit except within the following limitations: (i) subject to the provisions of , each Letter of Credit shall be denominated in U.S. dollars, (ii) each Letter of Credit shall be payable only against sight drafts (and not time drafts) and (iii) no Letter of Credit shall have an expiration date (including all rights of the Applicable Account Party or the beneficiary to require renewal) later than one year after the date of issuance thereof, but a Letter of Credit may by its terms be automatically renewable annually unless the respective Issuing Bank notifies the beneficiary thereof of its election not to renew such Letter of Credit (which such Issuing Bank agrees to do on and subject to the terms of . No Issuing Bank shall have any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit which is unsatisfactory in form, substance or beneficiary to such Issuing Bank in the exercise of its reasonable judgment consistent with its customary practice. No Issuing Bank shall have any obligation to issue a Letter of Credit in favor of a beneficiary that is a Sanctioned Person or that is organized under the laws of a Sanctioned Country. Letters of Credit may be issued for the account of any Subsidiary of the Parent that is not an Account Party hereunder, that the Parent shall be a joint applicant and account party with respect to any such Letter of Credit.
The Letters of Credit
Letters of Credit
Section 2.02
Section 2.02
Section 2.15
Section 2.02(d))
provided
 
2.02 .
Issuance and Renewals and Drawings, Participations and Reimbursement with Respect to Letters of Credit
 
(a) . An Account Party may from time to time request, upon at least three Business Days' notice (given not later than 11:00 A.M. Charlotte, North Carolina time on the last day permitted therefor), an Issuing Bank issue or renew (other than any automatic renewal thereof) a Letter of Credit by:
Request for Issuance
 
(i) delivering to such Issuing Bank, with a copy to the Administrative Agent, either (x) a written request to such effect or (y) a request made in electronic form through such Issuing Bank's remote access system and in accordance with the terms and conditions (including any written agreements between such Issuing Bank and any Account Party) applicable thereto, in each case specifying the date on which such Letter of Credit is to be issued (which shall be a Business Day), the expiration date thereof, the Available Amount thereof, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and the form thereof, and in each case with a copy of such request (or, in the case of clause (y) above, a written or electronic summary thereof) to the Administrative Agent; and
 
(ii) in the case of the issuance of a Letter of Credit, delivering to such Issuing Bank, with a copy to the Administrative Agent, a completed agreement and application with respect to such Letter of Credit as such Issuing Bank may specify for use in connection with such requested Letter of Credit (a ""), together with such other certificates, documents and other papers or information as are specified in such Letter of Credit Agreement or as may be required pursuant to such Issuing Bank's customary practices for the issuance of letters of credit (including requirements relating to requests made through such Issuing Bank's remote access system).
Letter of Credit Agreement
 
In addition, the applicable Account Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a Collateral Value Report not later than 11:00 A.M. Charlotte, North Carolina time on the Business Day immediately preceding the date on which such Letter of Credit is to be issued.
 
If the limitations set forth in and are satisfied and if the Required Banks have not given notice to the Administrative Agent to cease issuing or renewing Letters of Credit as contemplated by this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the respective Issuing Bank (in writing or by telephone immediately confirmed in writing) that such Issuing Bank is authorized to issue or renew, as the case may be, such Letter of Credit. An Issuing Bank shall not issue or renew, as the case may be, any Letter of Credit (other than by the automatic renewal thereof) unless it shall have received notice from the Administrative Agent that it is authorized to do so as described in the preceding sentence. If such Issuing Bank issues or renews a Letter of Credit, it shall deliver the original of such Letter of Credit to the beneficiary thereof or as the Applicable Account Party shall otherwise direct, and shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent thereof and furnish a copy thereof to the Administrative Agent. Each Issuing Bank may issue Letters of Credit through any of its branches or Affiliates (whether domestic or foreign) that issue letters of credit, and each Account Party authorizes and directs each Issuing Bank to select the branch or Affiliate that will issue or process any Letter of Credit.
Sections 2.01(b)
2.01(c)
 
(b) . An Account Party may from time to time request an Issuing Bank extend the expiration date of an outstanding Letter of Credit issued for its account or increase (or, with the consent of the beneficiary, decrease) the Available Amount of or the amount available to be drawn on such Letter of Credit by delivering to such Issuing Bank, with a copy to the Administrative Agent, either (i) a written request to such effect or (ii) a request made in electronic form through such Issuing Bank's remote access system. Such extension or increase shall for all purposes hereunder (including for purposes of ) be treated as though such Account Party had requested issuance of a replacement Letter of Credit (except only that such Issuing Bank may, if it elects, issue a notice of extension or increase in lieu of issuing a new Letter of Credit in substitution for the outstanding Letter of Credit).
Request for Extension or Increase
Section 2.02(a)
 
(c) . If any Letter of Credit shall provide for the automatic renewal of the expiry date thereof unless the respective Issuing Bank gives notice that such expiry date shall not be renewed, then the respective Issuing Bank shall allow such Letter of Credit to be renewed unless it shall have received, at least five days prior to the date on which such notice of nonrenewal must be delivered under such Letter of Credit (or such shorter period acceptable to the respective Issuing Bank) (i) notice from the Administrative Agent that such Issuing Bank is not authorized to renew such Letter of Credit (or Letters of Credit generally), or (ii) notice from any Account Party that it does not want the Issuing Bank to renew such Letter of Credit. An Issuing Bank shall not allow any Letter of Credit to be automatically renewed if it has received notice from the Administrative Agent, as described in the preceding sentence, that it is not authorized to do so anytime prior to the date five days prior to the date on which the notice of nonrenewal must be delivered under such Letter of Credit.
Automatic Renewals
 
(d) . As between each Issuing Bank, on the one hand, and the Agents and the Banks, on the other hand, each Issuing Bank shall be justified and fully protected (i) in issuing or renewing a proposed Letter of Credit (other than by the automatic renewal thereof) if such Issuing Bank has received notice from the Administrative Agent that such Issuing Bank is authorized to issue or renew such Letter of Credit, and (ii) in allowing a Letter of Credit to be automatically renewed if such Issuing Bank has not received notice from the Administrative Agent as provided in hereof that it is not authorized to do so at any time prior to the date five days prior to the date on which the notice of nonrenewal must be delivered under such Letter of Credit, in either case, notwithstanding any subsequent notices to such Issuing Bank, any knowledge of a Default, any knowledge of failure of any condition specified in hereof to be satisfied, any other knowledge of such Issuing Bank, or any other event, condition or circumstance whatsoever. Each Issuing Bank may amend, modify or supplement Letters of Credit or Letter of Credit Agreements, or waive compliance with any condition of issuance, renewal or payment, without the consent of, and without liability to, any Agent or any Bank, that any such amendment, modification or supplement that extends the expiration date or increases the Available Amount of or the amount available to be drawn on an outstanding Letter of Credit shall be subject to . With respect to each Letter of Credit that remains outstanding at any time after the Expiration Date and that provides by its terms for automatic renewal, the respective Issuing Bank shall notify the beneficiary thereof, in accordance with the terms specified for such notice in such Letter of Credit, of such Issuing Bank's election not to renew such Letter of Credit.
Limitations on Issuance, Extension, Renewal and Amendment
Section 2.02(c)
Article III
provided
Section 2.01
 
(e) . Concurrently with the issuance of each Letter of Credit (and upon the Effective Date, with respect to each Existing Letter of Credit, and without any further action by any party to this Agreement), the respective Issuing Bank automatically shall be deemed, irrevocably and unconditionally, to have sold, assigned, transferred and conveyed to each other Bank, and each other Bank automatically shall be deemed, irrevocably and unconditionally, severally to have purchased, acquired, accepted and assumed from such Issuing Bank, without recourse to, or representation or warranty by, such Issuing Bank, an undivided interest, in a proportion equal to such Bank's Pro Rata Share, in all of such Issuing Bank's rights and obligations in, to or under such Letter of Credit, the related Letter of Credit Agreement, all reimbursement obligations with respect to such Letter of Credit, and all Collateral, guarantees and other rights from time to time directly or indirectly securing the foregoing (such interest of each Bank being referred to herein as a "", it being understood that the Letter of Credit Participating Interest of such Issuing Bank is the interest not otherwise attributable to the Letter of Credit Participating Interests of the other Banks). Each Bank irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to the immediately preceding sentence, such agreement being herein referred to as such Bank's "". Amounts, other than Letter of Credit Advances made by a Bank other than the Issuing Banks and other than Letter of Credit commissions under , payable from time to time under or in connection with a Letter of Credit or Letter of Credit Agreement shall be for the sole account of the Issuing Banks. On the date that any assignee becomes a party to this Agreement in accordance with hereof, Letter of Credit Participating Interests in all outstanding Letters of Credit held by the Bank from which such assignee acquired its interest hereunder shall be proportionately reallocated between such assignee and such assignor Bank (and, to the extent such assignor Bank is an Issuing Bank, the assignee Bank shall be deemed to have acquired a Letter of Credit Participating Interest from such Issuing Bank to such extent). Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, each Bank hereby agrees that its obligation to participate in each Letter of Credit, its obligation to make the payments specified in , and the right of each Issuing Bank to receive such payments in the manner specified therein, are each absolute, irrevocable and unconditional and shall not be affected by any event, condition or circumstance whatever. The failure of any Bank to make any such payment shall not relieve any other Bank of its funding obligation hereunder on the date due, but no Bank shall be responsible for the failure of any other Bank to meet its funding obligations hereunder.
Letter of Credit Participating Interests
Letter of Credit Participating Interest
Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment
Section 2.05(c)(i)
Section 9.07
Section 2.02(f)
 
(f) . If an Issuing Bank makes a payment under any Letter of Credit and is not reimbursed in full therefor in accordance with , such Issuing Bank may notify the Administrative Agent thereof (which notice may be by telephone), and the Administrative Agent shall forthwith notify each Bank (which notice may be by telephone promptly confirmed in writing) thereof. No later than the Administrative Agent's close of business on the date such notice is given (if notice is given by 2:00 P.M. Charlotte, North Carolina time) or 10:00 A.M. Charlotte, North Carolina time the following day (if notice is given after 2:00 P.M. Charlotte, North Carolina time or in the case of any Bank whose Applicable Lending Office is located in Europe), each Bank will pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of such Issuing Bank, in immediately available funds, an amount equal to such Bank's Pro Rata Share of the unreimbursed portion of such payment by such Issuing Bank. Amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Issuing Bank shall be forthwith transferred, in immediately available funds, to such Issuing
Payment by Banks on Account of Unreimbursed Draws
Section 2.03(a)
 
Bank. If and to the extent that any Bank fails to make such payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Issuing Bank on such date, such Bank shall pay such amount on demand, together with interest, for such Issuing Bank's own account, for each day from and including the date such payment is due from such Bank to such Issuing Bank to but not including the date of repayment to such Issuing Bank (before and after judgment) at a rate per annum for each day (i) from and including the date such payment is due from such Bank to such Issuing Bank to and including the second Business Day thereafter equal to the Federal Funds Rate and (ii) thereafter equal to the Base Rate. For avoidance of doubt, it is understood and agreed by the Banks that Letters of Credit issued prior to the Expiration Date may, by their terms, remain outstanding after the Expiration Date and that the obligations of the Banks to make payments under this shall continue from and after the Expiration Date until the expiration or termination of all Letters of Credit, subject to and in accordance with the terms hereof.
Section 2.02(f)
 
(g) . The term "" is used in this Agreement in accordance with the meanings set forth in this . The making of any payment by an Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit is sometimes referred to herein as the making of a Letter of Credit Advance by such Issuing Bank in the amount of such payment. The making of any payment by a Bank for the account of an Issuing Bank under on account of an unreimbursed drawing on a Letter of Credit is sometimes referred to herein as the making of a Letter of Credit Advance to the Applicable Account Party by such Bank. The making of such a Letter of Credit Advance by a Bank with respect to an unreimbursed drawing on a Letter of Credit shall reduce, by a like amount, the outstanding Letter of Credit Advance of the Issuing Bank with respect to such unreimbursed drawing.
Letter of Credit Advances
Letter of Credit Advance
Section 2.02(g)
Section 2.02(f)
 
(h) . Each Issuing Bank will furnish to the Administrative Agent prompt written notice of each issuance or renewal of a Letter of Credit (including the Available Amount and expiration date thereof), amendment to a Letter of Credit, cancellation of a Letter of Credit and payment on a Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent will furnish (A) to each Bank prior to the fifteenth Business Day of each calendar quarter a written report summarizing issuance, renewal and expiration dates of Letters of Credit issued or renewed during the preceding calendar quarter and payments and reductions in Available Amount during such calendar quarter on all Letters of Credit and (B) to each Bank prior to the fifteenth Business Day of each calendar quarter a written report setting forth the average daily aggregate Available Amount during the preceding calendar quarter of all Letters of Credit.
Letter of Credit Reports
 
2.03 .
Repayment of Advances
 
(a) .
Account Parties' Reimbursement Obligation
 
(i) Each Account Party hereby agrees to reimburse each Issuing Bank (by making payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Issuing Bank in accordance with in the amount of each payment made by each Issuing Bank under any Letter of Credit issued for such Account Party's account, such reimbursement to be made on the date such payment under such Letter of Credit is made by the Issuing Bank (but not earlier than one Business Day after notice of the drawing giving rise to such payment under such Letter of Credit is given to such Account Party). Such reimbursement obligation shall be
Section 2.07)
 
payable without further notice, protest or demand, all of which are hereby waived, and an action therefor shall immediately accrue. To the extent such payment by such Account Party is not timely made as provided in the first sentence of this clause (i), (x) such Account Party hereby agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the respective accounts of each Issuing Bank and the Banks which have funded their respective shares of such amount remaining unpaid by such Account Party, on demand, interest at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus 2%, for each day from and including the date on which the Applicable Account Party is to reimburse such Issuing Bank to, but excluding, the date such obligation is paid in full, and (y) each Account Party shall be deemed to have delivered an irrevocable and continuing Letter of Instruction to the Administrative Agent (which each Account Party hereby irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent to date the date that such payment to the Administrative Agent is due and payable and to deliver to the Persons identified therein) instructing the Administrative Agent to obtain, receive and apply at or after such time such part of the Collateral or the proceeds thereof as is equivalent to such reimbursement obligation and any interest thereon that may accrue prior to such application.
 
(ii) The obligation of each Account Party to reimburse each Issuing Bank for any payment made by each Issuing Bank under any Letter of Credit, and the obligation of each Bank under with respect thereto, shall be unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the applicable Letter of Credit Agreement and any other applicable agreement or instrument under all circumstances, including, without limitation, the following circumstances:
Section 2.02(f)
 
(A) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Loan Document, any Letter of Credit Agreement, any Letter of Credit or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto (all of the foregoing being, collectively, the "");
L/C Related Documents
 
(B) any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of, all or any of the obligations of any Account Party or any other Person in respect of any L/C Related Document or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to departure from all or any of the L/C Related Documents;
 
(C) the existence of any claim, set-off, defense or other right that any Account Party or any other Person may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of a Letter of Credit (or any Persons for which any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), any Issuing Bank or any other Person, whether in connection with the transactions contemplated by the L/C Related Documents or any unrelated transaction;
 
(D) any statement or any other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect;
 
(E) payment by any Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or certificate that does not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit;
 
(F) any exchange, release or non-perfection of any Collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from the Guaranty or any other guarantee, for all or any of the obligations of any Account Party or any other Person in respect of the L/C Related Documents; or
 
(G) any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, including, without limitation, any other circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, any Account Party or a guarantor.
 
(b) . If any amount received by an Issuing Bank on account of any Letter of Credit Advance shall be avoided, rescinded or otherwise returned or paid over by such Issuing Bank for any reason at any time, whether before or after the termination of this Agreement (or such Issuing Bank believes in good faith that such avoidance, rescission, return or payment is required, whether or not such matter has been adjudicated), each Bank will (except to the extent a corresponding amount received by such Bank on account of its Letter of Credit Advance relating to the same payment on a Letter of Credit has been avoided, rescinded or otherwise returned or paid over by such Bank), promptly upon notice from the Administrative Agent or such Issuing Bank, pay over to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Issuing Bank its Pro Rata Share of such amount, together with its Pro Rata Share of any interest or penalties payable with respect thereto.
Rescission
 
2.04 . The Parent may, upon at least three Business Days' notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate in whole or reduce in part the unused portion of the LC Commitment Amounts; , , that each partial reduction (i) shall be in an aggregate amount of $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and (ii) shall be made ratably among the Banks in accordance with their LC Commitment Amounts.
Termination or Reduction of the LC Commitment Amounts
provided
however
 
2.05 .
Fees
 
(a) . The Account Parties jointly and severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Banks a commitment fee, from the Effective Date in the case of each Initial Bank and from the effective date specified in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Bank in the case of each other Bank until the Expiration Date, payable in arrears quarterly on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December commencing September 30, 2005 and on the Expiration Date, at a rate
Commitment Fee
 
equal to 0.08% per annum on the average daily Unused LC Commitment Amount of each Bank during such quarter (or shorter period); , , that no commitment fee shall accrue on the LC Commitment Amount of a Defaulting Bank so long as such Bank shall be a Defaulting Bank.
provided
however
 
(b) . The Account Parties jointly and severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for its own account such fees as may from time to time be agreed between the Parent and the Administrative Agent.
Administrative Agent's Fees
 
(c)
Letter of Credit Fees, Etc.
 
(i) The Account Parties jointly and severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Bank a commission, payable in arrears quarterly on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December commencing September 30, 2005, and on the Expiration Date, on such Bank's Pro Rata Share of the average daily aggregate Available Amount during such quarter (or shorter period) of all Letters of Credit outstanding from time to time at a rate equal to 0.275% per annum.
 
(ii) The Account Parties jointly and severally agree to pay (x) to Wachovia, in its capacity as an Issuing Bank and for its own account, the facing fee referred to the Fee Letter, on the terms set forth therein, and (y) each Issuing Bank's customary issuance, presentation, amendment and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, relating to letters of credit as are from time to time in effect. With respect to each Existing Letters of Credit, the respective Issuing Bank shall be entitled to receive the fees and other amounts provided for under this (to the extent not previously paid to such Issuing Bank pursuant to the Existing Reimbursement Agreement) as if the Existing Letters of Credit were issued hereunder on the Effective Date.
Section 2.05(c)(ii)
 
2.06
Increased Costs, Etc.
 
(a) If, due to either (i) the introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of, in each case after the date hereof, any law or regulation or (ii) the compliance with any guideline or request issued after the date hereof from any central bank or other governmental authority (whether or not having the force of law), there shall be any increase in the cost to any Bank of agreeing to issue or of issuing or maintaining or participating in Letters of Credit or the making of Letter of Credit Advances (excluding, for purposes of this , any such increased costs resulting from (x) Taxes or Other Taxes (as to which shall govern) and (y) changes in the basis of taxation of overall net income or overall gross income by the United States or by the foreign jurisdiction or state under the laws of which such Bank is organized or has its Applicable Lending Office or any political subdivision thereof), then the Account Parties jointly and severally agree to pay, from time to time, within five days after demand by such Bank (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent), which demand shall include a statement of the basis for such demand and a calculation in reasonable detail of the amount demanded, to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Bank additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Bank for such increased cost. A certificate as to the amount of
Section 2.06
Section 2.08
 
such increased cost, submitted to the Account Parties by such Bank, shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.
 
(b) If, due to either (i) the introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of any law or regulation, in each case after the date hereof, or (ii) the compliance with any guideline or request issued after the date hereof from any central bank or other governmental authority (whether or not having the force of law), there shall be any increase in the amount of capital required or expected to be maintained by any Bank or any corporation controlling such Bank as a result of or based upon the existence of such Bank's commitment to lend hereunder and other commitments of such type, then, within five days after demand by such Bank or such corporation (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent), which demand shall include a statement of the basis for such demand and a calculation in reasonable detail of the amount demanded, the Account Parties jointly and severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Bank, from time to time as specified by such Bank, additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Bank in the light of such circumstances, to the extent that such Bank reasonably determines such increase in capital to be allocable to the existence of such Bank's commitment to issue or participate in Letters of Credit hereunder or to the issuance or maintenance of or participation in any Letters of Credit. A certificate as to such amounts submitted to the Account Parties by such Bank shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.
 
(c) Each Bank shall promptly notify the Account Parties and the Administrative Agent of any event of which it has actual knowledge which will result in, and will use reasonable commercial efforts available to it (and not, in such Bank's good faith judgment, otherwise disadvantageous to such Bank) to mitigate or avoid any obligation by the Account Parties to pay any amount pursuant to or above or pursuant to (and, if any Bank has given notice of any such event and thereafter such event ceases to exist, such Bank shall promptly so notify the Account Parties and the Administrative Agent). Without limiting the foregoing, each Bank will designate a different Applicable Lending Office if such designation will avoid (or reduce the cost to the Account Parties of) any event described in the preceding sentence and such designation will not, in such Bank's good faith judgment, be otherwise disadvantageous to such Bank.
Section 2.06(a)
2.06(b)
Section 2.08
 
(d) Notwithstanding the provisions of , or (and without limiting above), if any Bank fails to notify the Account Parties of any event or circumstance that will entitle such Bank to compensation pursuant to , or within 120 days after such Bank obtains actual knowledge of such event or circumstance, then such Bank shall not be entitled to compensation from the Account Parties for any amount arising prior to the date which is 120 days before the date on which such Bank notifies the Account Parties of such event or circumstance. For avoidance of doubt, it is noted that the term "Bank" as used in this and in other Sections of this Agreement includes the Issuing Banks in its capacity as such.
Section 2.06(a)
2.06(b)
2.08
Section 2.06(c)
Section 2.06(a)
2.06(b)
2.08
Section 2.06
 
2.07 .
Payments and Computations
 
(a) The Account Parties shall make each payment hereunder irrespective of any right of counterclaim or set-off (except as otherwise provided in ), not later than
Section 2.11
 
11:00 A.M. (Charlotte, North Carolina time) on the day when due, in U.S. dollars, to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agent's Account in same day funds, with payments being received by the Administrative Agent after such time being deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day. The Administrative Agent will promptly thereafter cause like funds to be distributed (i) if such payment by such Account Party is in respect of principal, interest, commitment fees or any other amount then payable hereunder to more than one Bank, to such Banks for the account of their respective Applicable Lending Offices ratably in accordance with the amounts of such respective amount then payable to such Banks and (ii) if such payment by such Account Party is in respect of any amount then payable hereunder to one Bank, to such Bank for the account of its Applicable Lending Office, in each case to be applied in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Upon its acceptance of an Assignment and Acceptance and recording of the information contained therein in the Register pursuant to , from and after the effective date of such Assignment and Acceptance, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments hereunder in respect of the interest assigned thereby to the Bank assignee thereunder, and the parties to such Assignment and Acceptance shall make all appropriate adjustments in such payments for periods prior to such effective date directly between themselves.
Section
9.07(d)
 
(b) Each Account Party hereby authorizes each Bank, if an Event of Default under has occurred and is continuing, to charge from time to time against any or all of such Account Party's accounts with such Bank any amount that resulted in such Event of Default.
Section
6.01(a)
 
(c) All computations of interest on Letter of Credit Advances (and any other amount payable by reference to the Base Rate) when the Base Rate is determined by reference to Wachovia's prime rate shall be made by the Administrative Agent on the basis of a year of 365 days or, if applicable, 366 days; all other computations of interest, fees and Letter of Credit commissions shall be made by the Administrative Agent on the basis of a year of 360 days. All such computations shall be made for the actual number of days (including the first day but excluding the last day) occurring in the period for which such interest, fees or commissions are payable. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate, fee or commission hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.
 
(d) Whenever any payment hereunder shall be stated to be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day, and such extension of time shall in such case be included in the computation of payment of interest or fee, as the case may be.
 
2.08 .
Taxes
 
(a) Any and all payments by any Loan Party hereunder shall be made, in accordance with , free and clear of and without deduction for any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings, and all liabilities with respect thereto, excluding, in the case of each Bank and each Agent, taxes that are imposed on its overall net income by the United States and taxes that are imposed on its overall net income (and franchise taxes imposed in lieu thereof) by the state or foreign jurisdiction under the laws of which such Bank or such Agent, as the case may be, is organized or any political subdivision thereof and, in
Section 2.07
 
the case of each Bank, taxes that are imposed on its overall net income (and franchise taxes imposed in lieu thereof) by the state or foreign jurisdiction of such Bank's Applicable Lending Office or any political subdivision thereof (all such non-excluded taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges, withholdings and liabilities in respect of payments hereunder being herein referred to as ""). If any Loan Party shall be required by law to deduct any Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable hereunder or to any Bank or any Agent, (i) the sum payable by such Loan Party shall be increased as may be necessary so that after such Loan Party and the Administrative Agent have made all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this ) such Bank or such Agent, as the case may be, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) such Loan Party shall make all such deductions and (iii) such Loan Party shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant taxation authority or other authority in accordance with applicable law.
Taxes
Section 2.08
 
(b) In addition, each Loan Party shall pay any present or future stamp, documentary, excise, property or similar taxes, charges or levies that arise from any payment made hereunder or from the execution, delivery or registration of, performance under, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document (herein referred to as "").
Other Taxes
 
(c) Each Loan Party shall indemnify each Bank and each Agent for and hold them harmless against the full amount of Taxes and Other Taxes, and for the full amount of taxes of any kind imposed by any jurisdiction on amounts payable under this , imposed on or paid by such Bank or such Agent (as the case may be) and any liability (including penalties, additions to tax, interest and expenses) arising therefrom or with respect thereto. This indemnification payment shall be made within 30 days from the date such Bank or such Agent (as the case may be) makes written demand therefor.
Section 2.08
 
(d) Within 30 days after the date of any payment of Taxes, each Loan Party shall furnish to the Administrative Agent, at its address referred to in , the original or a certified copy of a receipt evidencing such payment. In the case of any payment hereunder by or on behalf of a Loan Party through an account or branch outside the United States or by or on behalf of a Loan Party by a payor that is not a United States person, if such Loan Party determines that no Taxes are payable in respect thereof, such Loan Party shall furnish, or shall cause such payor to furnish, to the Administrative Agent, at such address, an opinion of counsel acceptable to the Administrative Agent stating that such payment is exempt from Taxes. For purposes of this or , the terms "United States" and "United States person" shall have the meanings specified in Section 7701(a)(9) and 7701(a)(10) of the Internal Revenue Code, respectively.
Section
9.02
Section 2.08(d)
Section 2.08(e)
 
(e) Each Bank organized under the laws of a jurisdiction outside the United States shall, on or prior to the date of its execution and delivery of this Agreement in the case of each Initial Bank or each Issuing Bank, as the case may be, and on the date of the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it becomes a Bank in the case of each other Bank, and from time to time thereafter as requested in writing by the Parent (but only so long thereafter as such Bank remains lawfully able to do so), provide each of the Administrative Agent and the Parent with two original Internal Revenue Service forms W-8BEN or W-8ECI or (in the case of a Bank that has certified in writing to the Administrative Agent that it is not a "bank" as defined in Section
 
881(c)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code) form W-8 (and, if such Bank delivers a form W-8, a certificate representing that such Bank is not a "bank" for purposes of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code, is not a 10-percent shareholder (within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code) of the Parent and is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Parent (within the meaning of Section 864(d)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code)), as appropriate, or any successor or other form prescribed by the Internal Revenue Service, certifying that such Bank is exempt from or entitled to a reduced rate of United States withholding tax on payments pursuant to this Agreement or, in the case of a Bank providing a form W-8, certifying that such Bank is a foreign corporation, partnership, estate or trust. If the forms provided by a Bank at the time such Bank first becomes a party to this Agreement indicate a United States interest withholding tax rate in excess of zero, withholding tax at such rate shall be considered excluded from Taxes unless and until such Bank provides the appropriate forms certifying that a lesser rate applies, whereupon withholding tax at such lesser rate only shall be considered excluded from Taxes for periods governed by such forms; , , that if, at the effective date of the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which a Bank becomes a party to this Agreement, the Bank assignor was entitled to payments under in respect of United States withholding tax with respect to interest paid at such date, then, to such extent, the term Taxes shall include (in addition to withholding taxes that may be imposed in the future or other amounts otherwise includable in Taxes) United States withholding tax, if any, applicable with respect to the Bank assignee on such date. If any form or document referred to in this requires the disclosure of information, other than information necessary to compute the tax payable and information required on the date hereof by Internal Revenue Service form W-8BEN, W-8ECI or W-8 (and the related certificate described above), that the Bank reasonably considers to be confidential, the Bank shall give notice thereof to the Parent and shall not be obligated to include in such form or document such confidential information.
provided
however
Section 2.08(a)
Section 2.08(e)
 
(f) For any period with respect to which a Bank which may lawfully do so has failed to provide the Parent with the appropriate form described in above ( if such failure is due to a change in law occurring after the date on which a form originally was required to be provided or if such form otherwise is not required under above), such Bank shall not be entitled to indemnification under or with respect to Taxes imposed by the United States by reason of such failure; , , that should a Bank become subject to Taxes because of its failure to deliver a form required hereunder, the Parent shall take such steps as such Bank shall reasonably request to assist such Bank to recover such Taxes.
Section 2.08(e)
other than
Section 2.08(e)
Sections 2.08(a)
2.08(c)
provided
however
 
(g) Each Bank represents and warrants to the Account Parties that, as of the date such Bank becomes a party to this Agreement, such Bank is entitled to receive payments hereunder from the Account Parties without deduction or withholding for or on account of any Taxes.
 
2.09 If any Bank shall obtain at any time any payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of set-off, or otherwise, other than as a result of an assignment pursuant to ) (a) on account of Obligations due and payable to such Bank hereunder at such time in excess of its ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such Obligations due and payable to such Bank at such time to (ii) the aggregate amount of the Obligations due and payable to all Banks hereunder at such time)
Sharing of Payments, Etc.
Section
9.07
 
of payments on account of the Obligations due and payable to all Banks hereunder at such time obtained by all the Banks at such time or (b) on account of Obligations owing (but not due and payable) to such Bank hereunder at such time in excess of its ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such Obligations owing to such Bank at such time to (ii) the aggregate amount of the Obligations owing (but not due and payable) to all Banks hereunder at such time) of payments on account of the Obligations owing (but not due and payable) to all Banks hereunder at such time obtained by all of the Banks at such time, such Bank shall forthwith purchase from the other Banks such interests or participating interests in the Obligations due and payable or owing to them, as the case may be, as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing Bank to share the excess payment ratably with each of them; , , that if all or any portion of such excess payment is thereafter recovered from such purchasing Bank, such purchase from each other Bank shall be rescinded and such other Bank shall repay to the purchasing Bank the purchase price to the extent of such Bank's ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the purchase price paid to such Bank to (ii) the aggregate purchase price paid to all Banks) of such recovery together with an amount equal to such Bank's ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such other Bank's required repayment to (ii) the total amount so recovered from the purchasing Bank) of any interest or other amount paid or payable by the purchasing Bank in respect of the total amount so recovered. Each Account Party agrees that any Bank so purchasing an interest or participating interest from another Bank pursuant to this may, to the fullest extent permitted by law, exercise all its rights of payment (including the right of set-off) with respect to such interest or participating interest, as the case may be, as fully as if such Bank were the direct creditor of such Account Party in the amount of such interest or participating interest, as the case may be.
provided
however
Section 2.09
 
2.10 . The Letters of Credit shall be used for the general corporate purposes of the Account Parties and their respective Subsidiaries.
Use of Letters of Credit
 
2.11 .
Defaulting Banks
 
(a) In the event that, at any one time, (i) any Bank shall be a Defaulting Bank, (ii) such Defaulting Bank shall owe a Defaulted Amount to any Agent or any of the other Banks and (iii) any Account Party shall make any payment hereunder or under any other Loan Document to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Bank, then the Administrative Agent may, on its behalf or on behalf of such other Banks and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, apply at such time the amount so paid by such Account Party to or for the account of such Defaulting Bank to the payment of each such Defaulted Amount to the extent required to pay such Defaulted Amount. In the event that the Administrative Agent shall so apply any such amount to the payment of any such Defaulted Amount on any date, the amount so applied by the Administrative Agent shall constitute for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents payment, to such extent, of such Defaulted Amount on such date. Any such amount so applied by the Administrative Agent shall be retained by the Administrative Agent or distributed by the Administrative Agent to such other Banks, ratably in accordance with the respective portions of such Defaulted Amounts payable at such time to the Administrative Agent and such other Banks and, if the amount of such payment made by such Account Party shall at such time be insufficient to pay all Defaulted Amounts owing at such time to the Administrative Agent, such other Agents and such other Banks, in the following order of priority:
 
(i) , to the Agents for any Defaulted Amounts then owing to the Agents;
first
 
(ii) , to the Issuing Banks for any amount then due and payable to them, in their capacity as such, by such Defaulting Bank, ratably in accordance with such amounts then due and payable to the Issuing Banks; and
second
 
(iii) , to any other Banks for any Defaulted Amounts then owing to such other Banks, ratably in accordance with such respective Defaulted Amounts then owing to such other Banks.
third
 
Any portion of such amount paid by such Account Party for the account of such Defaulting Bank remaining, after giving effect to the amount applied by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this , shall be applied by the Administrative Agent as specified in .
Section 2.11(a)
Section 2.11(b)
 
(b) In the event that, at any one time, (i) any Bank shall be a Defaulting Bank, (ii) such Defaulting Bank shall not owe a Defaulted Amount and (iii) any Account Party, any Agent or other Bank shall be required to pay or distribute any amount hereunder or under any other Loan Document to or for the account of such Defaulting Bank, then such Account Party or such Agent or such other Bank shall pay such amount to the Administrative Agent to be held by the Administrative Agent, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in escrow and the Administrative Agent shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, hold in escrow such amount otherwise held by it. Any funds held by the Administrative Agent in escrow under this shall be deposited by the Administrative Agent in an account with Wachovia in the name and under the control of the Administrative Agent, but subject to the provisions of this . The terms applicable to such account, including the rate of interest payable with respect to the credit balance of such account from time to time, shall be Wachovia's standard terms applicable to escrow accounts maintained with it. Any interest credited to such account from time to time shall be held by the Administrative Agent in escrow under, and applied by the Administrative Agent from time to time in accordance with the provisions of, this . The Administrative Agent shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, apply all funds so held in escrow from time to time to the extent necessary to make any Advances required to be made by such Defaulting Bank and to pay any amount payable by such Defaulting Bank hereunder and under the other Loan Documents to the Administrative Agent or any other Bank, as and when such Advances or amounts are required to be made or paid and, if the amount so held in escrow shall at any time be insufficient to make and pay all such Advances and amounts required to be made or paid at such time, in the following order of priority:
Section 2.11(b)
Section 2.11(b)
Section 2.11(b)
 
(i) , to the Agents for any amounts then due and payable by such Defaulting Bank to the Agents hereunder;
first
 
(ii) , to the Issuing Banks for any amount then due and payable to them, in their capacity as such, by such Defaulting Bank, ratably in accordance with such amounts then due and payable to such Issuing Banks; and
second
 
(iii) , to any other Banks for any amount then due and payable by such Defaulting Bank to such other Banks hereunder, ratably in accordance with such respective amounts then due and payable to such other Banks.
third
 
In the event that any Bank that is a Defaulting Bank shall, at any time, cease to be a Defaulting Bank, any funds held by the Administrative Agent in escrow at such time with respect to such Bank shall be distributed by the Administrative Agent to such Bank and applied by such Bank to the Obligations owing to such Bank at such time under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents ratably in accordance with the respective amounts of such Obligations outstanding at such time.
 
(c) The rights and remedies against a Defaulting Bank under this are in addition to other rights and remedies that any Agent or any Bank may have against such Defaulting Bank with respect to any Defaulted Amount.
Section 2.11
 
2.12 . At any time any Bank is an Affected Bank, the Account Parties may replace such Affected Bank as a party to this Agreement with one or more other Banks and/or Eligible Assignees, and upon notice from the Account Parties such Affected Bank shall assign pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance, and without recourse or warranty, its LC Commitment Amount, its Letter of Credit Advances, its obligations to fund Letter of Credit payments, its participation in, and its rights and obligations with respect to, Letters of Credit, and all of its other rights and obligations hereunder to such other Banks and/or Eligible Assignees for a purchase price equal to the sum of the principal amount of the Letter of Credit Advances so assigned, all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, such Affected Bank's ratable share of all accrued and unpaid fees payable pursuant to and all other Obligations owed to such Affected Bank hereunder.
Replacement of Affected Bank
Section 2.05
 
2.13 .
Certain Provisions Relating to the Issuing Banks and Letters of Credit
 
(a) . The representations, warranties and covenants by the Account Parties under, and the rights and remedies of each Issuing Bank under, any Letter of Credit Agreement relating to any Letter of Credit are in addition to, and not in limitation or derogation of, representations, warranties and covenants by the Account Parties under, and rights and remedies of each Issuing Bank and the Banks under, this Agreement and applicable law. Each Account Party acknowledges and agrees that all rights of each Issuing Bank under any Letter of Credit Agreement shall inure to the benefit of each Bank to the extent of its Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment and Letter of Credit Advances as fully as if such Bank was a party to such Letter of Credit Agreement. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of this Agreement and any Letter of Credit Agreement, this Agreement shall prevail.
Letter of Credit Agreements
 
(b) . The Issuing Banks shall have no duties or responsibilities to any Agent or any Bank except those expressly set forth in this Agreement, and no implied duties or responsibilities on the part of the Issuing Banks shall be read into this Agreement or shall otherwise exist. The duties and responsibilities of the Issuing Banks to the Banks and the Agents under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be mechanical and administrative in nature, and the Issuing Banks shall not have a fiduciary relationship in respect of any Agent, any Bank or any other Person. No Issuing Bank shall be liable for any action taken or omitted to be
Certain Provisions
 
taken by it under or in connection with this Agreement or any Loan Document or Letter of Credit, except to the extent resulting from its gross negligence or willful misconduct, as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. The Issuing Banks shall not be under any obligation to ascertain, inquire or give any notice to any Agent or any Bank relating to (i) the performance or observance of any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement or any other Loan Document on the part of any Account Party, (ii) the business, operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Account Parties or any other Person, or (iii) the existence of any Default. The Issuing Banks shall not be under any obligation, either initially or on a continuing basis, to provide any Agent or any Bank with any notices, reports or information of any nature, whether in its possession presently or hereafter, except for such notices, reports and other information expressly required by this Agreement to be so furnished. The Issuing Banks shall not be responsible for the execution, delivery, effectiveness, enforceability, genuineness, validity or adequacy of this Agreement or any Loan Document.
 
(c) . Each Issuing Bank may rely upon any notice or other communication of any nature (written, electronic or oral, including but not limited to telephone conversations and transmissions through each Issuing Bank's remote access system, whether or not such notice or other communication is made in a manner permitted or required by this Agreement or any other Loan Document) purportedly made by or on behalf of the proper party or parties, and each Issuing Bank shall not have any duty to verify the identity or authority of any Person giving such notice or other communication. Each Issuing Bank may consult with legal counsel (including, without limitation, its in-house counsel or in-house or other counsel for the Account Parties), independent public accountants and any other experts selected by it from time to time, and each Issuing Bank shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts. Whenever an Issuing Bank shall deem it necessary or desirable that a matter be proved or established with respect to any Account Party, any Agent or any Bank, such matter may be established by a certificate of such Account Party, such Agent or such Bank, as the case may be, and such Issuing Bank may conclusively rely upon such certificate. An Issuing Bank shall not be deemed to have any knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default unless such Issuing Bank has received notice from a Bank, an Agent or an Account Party referring to this Agreement, describing such Default, and stating that such notice is a "notice of default".
Administration
 
(d) . Each Bank hereby agrees to reimburse and indemnify each Issuing Bank and each of its directors, officers, employees and agents (to the extent not reimbursed by the Account Parties and without limitation of the obligations of the Account Parties to do so), in accordance with its Pro Rata Share, from and against any and all amounts, losses, liabilities, claims, damages, expenses, obligations, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs or disbursements of any kind or nature (including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel (other than in-house counsel) for each Issuing Bank or such other Person in connection with any investigative, administrative or judicial proceeding commenced or threatened, whether or not each Issuing Bank or such other Person shall be designated a party thereto) that may at any time be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against each Issuing Bank, in its capacity as such, or such other Person, as a result of, or arising out of, or in any way related to or by reason of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any Letter of Credit, any transaction from time to time contemplated hereby or thereby, or any transaction financed in whole or in part or directly or indirectly with the proceeds
Indemnification of Issuing Banks by Banks
 
of any Letter of Credit, , that no Bank shall be liable for any portion of such amounts, losses, liabilities, claims, damages, expenses, obligations, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs or disbursements to the extent resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of an Issuing Bank or such other Person, as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction.
provided
 
(e) . With respect to its commitments and the obligations owing to it, each Issuing Bank shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement and each other Loan Document as any other Bank and may exercise the same as though it were not an Issuing Bank, and the term "Banks" and like terms shall include each Issuing Bank in its individual capacity as such. Each Issuing Bank and its affiliates may, without liability to account to any Person, make loans to, accept deposits from, acquire debt or equity interests in, act as trustee under indentures of, act as agent under other credit facilities for, and engage in any other business with, any Account Party and any stockholder, subsidiary or affiliate of any Account Party, as though such Issuing Bank were not an Issuing Bank hereunder.
Issuing Banks in their Individual Capacity
 
2.14 .
Downgrade Event with Respect to a Bank
 
(a) If a Downgrade Event shall occur with respect to (i) any Downgraded Bank or (ii) any other Bank and, as a result thereof, such other Bank becomes a Downgraded Bank, then the Administrative Agent may, by notice to such Downgraded Bank and the Parent within 45 days after such Downgrade Event (any such notice, a ""), request that the Account Parties use reasonable efforts to replace such Bank as a party to this Agreement pursuant to . If such Bank is not so replaced within 45 days after receipt by the Account Parties of such Downgrade Notice, (x) if no Default exists and such Downgraded Bank has not exercised its right to remain a Bank hereunder pursuant to clause (y) below, the following shall occur concurrently:
Downgrade Notice
Section 2.12
then
 
(i) the Committed Facility shall be reduced by the amount of the LC Commitment Amount of such Downgraded Bank,
 
(ii) the Account Parties shall prepay all amounts owed to such Downgraded Bank hereunder or in connection herewith,
 
(iii) if, upon the reduction of the Committed Facility under clause (i) above and the payment under clause (ii) above, the sum of the principal amount of all Advances plus the Available Amount of all Letters of Credit (valuing the Available Amount of, and Letter of Credit Advances of the Issuing Banks in respect of, any Non-Dollar Letter of Credit at the Dollar Equivalent thereof as of the time of such calculation) would exceed the amount of the Committed Facility, then the Account Parties will immediately eliminate such excess by paying Advances and/or causing the Available Amount of one or more Letters of Credit to be reduced, and
 
(iv) upon completion of the events described in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above, such Downgraded Bank shall cease to be a party to this Agreement;
 
or (y) if a Default exists or, not later than 30 days after receipt of such Downgrade Notice, such Downgraded Bank notifies the Account Parties, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent
 
that such Downgraded Bank elects to provide (in a manner reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent) cash collateral to the Administrative Agent for (or if such Downgraded Bank is unable, without regulatory approval, to provide cash collateral, a letter of credit reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent covering) its contingent obligations to reimburse each Issuing Bank for any payment under any Letter of Credit as provided in (its ""), such Downgraded Bank shall be obligated to (and each Bank agrees that in such circumstances it will) deliver to the Administrative Agent (I) immediately, cash collateral (or, as aforesaid, a letter of credit) in an amount equal to its LC Participation Obligations and (II) from time to time thereafter (so long as it is a Downgraded Bank), cash collateral (or, as aforesaid, a letter of credit) sufficient to cover any increase in its LC Participation Obligations as a result of any proposed issuance of or increase in a Letter of Credit. Any funds provided by a Downgraded Bank for such purpose shall be maintained in segregated deposit accounts in the name of the Issuing Banks at the Administrative Agent's principal offices in the United States (each a ""). The funds so deposited in any Downgrade Account (or any drawing under such a letter of credit) shall be used only in accordance with the following provisions of this .
Section
2.02(f)
LC Participation Obligations
Downgrade Account
Section 2.14
 
(b) If any Downgraded Bank shall be required to fund its participation in a payment under a Letter of Credit pursuant to , then the Administrative Agent shall apply the funds deposited in the applicable Downgrade Account by such Downgraded Bank (or any drawing under such a letter of credit) to fund such participation. The deposit of funds in a Downgrade Account by any Downgraded Bank (or any drawing under such a letter of credit) shall not constitute a Letter of Credit Advance (and the Downgraded Bank shall not be entitled to interest on such funds except as provided in below) unless and until (and then only to the extent that) such funds (or any drawing under such a letter of credit) are used by the Administrative Agent to fund the participation of such Downgraded Bank pursuant to the first sentence of this .
Section
2.02(f)
Section 2.14(c)
Section 2.14(b)
 
(c) Funds in a Downgrade Account shall be invested in such investments as may be agreed between the Administrative Agent and the applicable Downgraded Bank, and the income from such investments shall be distributed to such Downgraded Bank from time to time (but not less often than monthly) as agreed between the Administrative Agent and such Downgraded Bank. The Administrative Agent will (i) from time to time, upon request by a Downgraded Bank, release to such Downgraded Bank any amount on deposit in the applicable Downgrade Account in excess of the LC Participation Obligations of such Downgraded Bank (or, if applicable, not draw under any such letter of credit in excess of the L/C Participation Obligations of such Downgraded Bank) and (ii) upon the earliest to occur of (A) the effective date of any replacement of such Downgraded Bank as a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance, (B) the termination of such Downgraded Bank's LC Commitment Amount pursuant to or (C) the first Business Day after receipt by the Administrative Agent of evidence (reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) that such Bank is no longer a Downgraded Bank, release to such Bank all amounts on deposit in the applicable Downgrade Account (or, if applicable, return such letter of credit to such Bank for cancellation).
Section 2.14(a)
 
(d) At any time any Downgraded Bank is required to maintain cash collateral with the Administrative Agent pursuant to this , the Issuing Banks shall have no obligation to issue or increase any Letter of Credit unless such Downgraded Bank has provided sufficient
Section 2.14
 
funds as cash collateral to the Administrative Agent to cover all LC Participation Obligations of such Downgraded Bank (including in respect of the Letter of Credit to be issued or increased).
 
2.15 .
Non-Dollar Letters of Credit
 
(a) The Account Parties, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Banks (i) agree that an Issuing Bank may (in its sole discretion), with the prior approval of the Administrative Agent, issue Letters of Credit ("") in currencies other than U.S. dollars and (ii) further agree as set forth in the following subsections of this with respect to such Non-Dollar Letters of Credit.
Non-Dollar Letters of Credit
Section 2.15
 
(b) The Account Parties agree that their reimbursement obligations under and any resulting Letter of Credit Advance, in each case in respect of a drawing under any Non-Dollar Letter of Credit, (i) shall be payable in Dollars at the Dollar Equivalent of such obligation in the currency in which such Non-Dollar Letter of Credit was issued (determined on the date of payment by the Account Parties or, in the event of payment by the Banks pursuant to , on the date of such payment by the Banks), and (ii) shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus 2%, for each day from and including the date on which the Applicable Account Party is to reimburse an Issuing Bank pursuant to to but excluding the date such obligation is paid in full.
Section 2.03(a)
Section 2.02(f)
Section 2.03(a)
 
(c) Each Bank agrees that its obligation to pay an Issuing Bank such Bank's Pro Rata Share of the unreimbursed portion of any payment by such Issuing Bank under in respect of a drawing under any Non-Dollar Letter of Credit shall be payable in Dollars at the Dollar Equivalent of such obligation in the currency in which such Non-Dollar Letter of Credit was issued (calculated on the date of payment), and any such amount which is not paid when due shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Overnight Rate , beginning on the third Business Day after such amount was due, 2%.
Section 2.02(f)
plus
 
(d) For purposes of determining whether there is availability for the Account Parties to request any Advance or to request the issuance or extension of, or any increase in, any Letter of Credit, the Dollar Equivalent amount of the Available Amount of each Non-Dollar Letter of Credit shall be calculated as of the date such Advance is to be made or such Letter of Credit is to be issued, extended or increased.
 
(e) For purposes of determining the letter of credit fee under , the Dollar Equivalent amount of the Available Amount of any Non-Dollar Letter of Credit shall be determined on each of (i) the date of an issuance, extension or change in the Available Amount of such Non-Dollar Letter of Credit, (ii) the date of any payment by an Issuing Bank in respect of a drawing under such Non-Dollar Letter of Credit, (iii) the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December and (iv) each day on which the LC Commitment Amounts are to be reduced pursuant to (it being understood that no requested reduction shall be permitted to the extent that, after making a calculation pursuant to this , such reduction would be greater than the unused portion of the LC Commitment Amounts).
Section 2.05(c)
Section 2.04
Section 2.15(e)
 
(f) If, on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, the sum of the principal amount of all Advances plus the Available Amount of all Letters of Credit
 
(valuing the Available Amount of, and Letter of Credit Advances in respect of, any Non-Dollar Letter of Credit at the Dollar Equivalent thereof as of such day) would exceed the amount of the Committed Facility, then the Account Parties will immediately eliminate such excess by paying Advances and/or causing the Available Amount of one or more Letters of Credit to be reduced.
 
(g) If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due in respect of any Non-Dollar Letter of Credit in one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at which, in accordance with its normal banking procedures, Wachovia in its capacity as an Issuing Bank could purchase the first currency with such other currency on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given. The obligation of any Account Party in respect of any such sum due from it to any Issuing Bank or any Bank hereunder shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the "") other than that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement and the applicable Non-Dollar Letter of Credit (the ""), be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by such Issuing Bank or such Bank of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, such Issuing Bank or such Bank may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to such Issuing Bank or such Bank in the Agreement Currency, the Applicable Account Party agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify such Issuing Bank or such Bank, as applicable, against such loss. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is greater than the sum originally due to such Issuing Bank or such Bank in such currency, each Issuing Bank and each Bank agrees to return the amount of any excess to the Applicable Account Party (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under applicable law).
Judgment Currency
Agreement Currency
 
(h) For purposes of this , "" means, in relation to an amount denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars, the amount of U.S. dollars which could be purchased with such amount by Wachovia in its capacity as an Issuing Bank in accordance with its customary procedures (and giving effect to any transaction costs) at the quoted foreign exchange spot rate of Wachovia in its capacity as an Issuing Bank at the time of determination; and "" means, for any day, the rate of interest per annum at which overnight deposits in the applicable currency, in an amount approximately equal to the amount with respect to which such rate is being determined, would be offered for such day by Wachovia in its capacity as an Issuing Bank to major banks in the London or other applicable offshore interbank market. The Overnight Rate for any day which is not a Business Day (or on which dealings are not carried on in the applicable offshore interbank market) shall be the Overnight Rate for the immediately preceding Business Day.
Section 2.15
Dollar Equivalent
Overnight Rate
 
2.16 .
Increase of LC Commitment Amounts
 
(a) From time to time subsequent to the Effective Date, the Account Parties jointly may, upon at least five days' notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly provide a copy of such notice to the Banks), propose to increase the aggregate amount of the LC Commitment Amounts by an amount which (i) is not less than $25,000,000, or an integral multiple of $5,000,000 in excess thereof, with respect to any such request nor (ii) when aggregated with all prior increases in (A) the LC Commitment Amounts pursuant to this
Section
 
and (B) the commitments under the Unsecured Letter of Credit Facility pursuant to Section 2.16 of such agreement, is not in excess of $500,000,000. The Borrowers may increase the aggregate LC Commitment Amounts by (i) agreeing with any Bank to increase its LC Commitment Amount hereunder, (ii) having another bank or other banks reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (each, an "") become party to this Agreement or (iii) a combination of the procedures described in clauses (i) and (ii) of this sentence.
2.16
Additional Bank
 
(b) An increase in the aggregate amount of the LC Commitment Amounts pursuant to this shall become effective upon the receipt by the Administrative Agent of an agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent signed by the Account Parties, by each Additional Bank and by each other Bank whose LC Commitment Amount is to be increased, setting forth the new LC Commitment Amounts of such Banks and setting forth the agreement of each Additional Bank to become a party to this Agreement and to be bound by all the terms and provisions hereof, together with such evidence of appropriate corporate authorization on the part of the Account Parties with respect thereto and such opinions of counsel for the Account Parties with respect thereto as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. At the time of any increase in the aggregate LC Commitment Amount pursuant to this , the Account Parties shall represent (i) that, immediately before and after such increase is made, no Default under this Agreement or the Unsecured Letter of Credit Facility has occurred and is continuing and (ii) that the representations and warranties of the Account Parties contained in the Loan Documents and the Unsecured Letter of Credit Facility are true in all material respects on and as of the date such increase is made, except for such representations or warranties which by their terms are made as of a specified date, which shall be true and correct as of such specified date.
Section 2.16
Section 2.16
 
2.17 .
Collateral
 
(a) Pursuant to the Security Documents and as collateral security for the payment and performance of the Obligations, the Account Parties shall grant and convey, or cause to be granted and conveyed, to the Administrative Agent for its benefit and the benefit of the Banks, a Lien and security interest in, to and upon the Collateral, prior and superior to all other Liens. Each Account Party shall cause the Collateral to be charged or pledged and be made subject to the Security Documents (in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent) necessary for the perfection of the Lien and security interest in, to and upon the Collateral and for the exercise by the Administrative Agent and the Banks of their rights and remedies hereunder and thereunder.
 
(b) (i) On the Business Day immediately preceding the proposed date of issuance or renewal of a Letter of Credit under , (ii) within ten (10) Business Days after the end of each calendar month, and (iii) at and as of such other times as the Administrative Agent or the Required Banks may reasonably request in its (or their) sole discretion, the Account Parties shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate executed by the Parent, in the form of or otherwise in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which form may vary depending on the frequency of the delivery of such certificate), setting forth the Letter of Credit Outstandings, the Collateral Value of the Collateral by category and in the aggregate, and such other information as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request (such certificate, a ""). Such certificate shall be
Section 2.02(a)
Exhibit B
Collateral Value Report
 
subject to review and verification by the Administrative Agent, it being understood and agreed that the Administrative Agent shall have the right to redetermine the Collateral Value of the Collateral in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement and the Security Documents.
 
 
 
3.01 . The occurrence of the Effective Date, and the obligation of the Issuing Banks to issue any Letter of Credit on the Effective Date, is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent:
Conditions Precedent to Effective Date
 
(a) The Administrative Agent shall have received the following, each dated the Effective Date (unless otherwise specified), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (unless otherwise specified) and in sufficient copies for each Bank:
 
(i) Copies of (x) the Pledge and Security Agreement, duly completed and executed by each Account Party that is a party thereto, (y) the State Street Control Agreements, each duly completed and executed by State Street and by the Account Party that is a party thereto, and (z) the State Street Custodial Agreements.
 
(ii) Certified copies of the resolutions of the Board of Directors of each Loan Party approving the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents and each Loan Document to which it is or is to be a party, and of all documents evidencing other necessary corporate action and governmental and other third party approvals and consents, if any, with transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents and each Loan Document to which it is or is to be a party.
 
(iii) A copy of a certificate of the Secretary of State or other appropriate official of the jurisdiction of incorporation of each Loan Party, dated reasonably near the Effective Date, certifying as to the good standing (or existence) of such Loan Party.
 
(iv) A certificate of each Loan Party, signed on behalf of such Loan Party by its President or a Vice President (or equivalent officer if such Loan Party has no Vice President) and its Secretary or any Assistant Secretary (the statements made in which certificate shall be true on and as of the Effective Date), certifying as to (1) a true and correct copy of the constitutional documents of such Loan Party as in effect on the date on which the resolutions referred to in were adopted and on the Effective Date, (2) the due incorporation and good standing or valid existence of such Loan Party as a corporation organized under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, and the absence of any proceeding for the dissolution or liquidation of such Loan Party, (3) the truth of the representations and warranties contained in the Loan Documents as though made on and as of the Effective Date and (4) the absence of
Section 3.01(a)(ii)
 
any event occurring and continuing, or resulting from the Effective Date, that constitutes a Default.
 
(v) A certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of each Loan Party certifying the names and true signatures of the officers of such Loan Party authorized to sign each Loan Document to which it is or is to be a party and the other documents to be delivered hereunder and thereunder.
 
(vi) Favorable opinions of (1) Maples and Calder, Cayman Islands counsel for the Parent, in substantially the form of hereto and as to such other matters as any Bank through the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, (2) Mayer, Brown, Rowe & Maw LLP, New York counsel for the Loan Parties, in substantially the form of hereto and as to such other matters as any Bank through the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, and (3) Conyers Dill & Pearman, Bermuda counsel for ACE Bermuda, Tempest Life and Tempest, in substantially the form of hereto and as to such other matters as any Bank through the Administrative Agent may reasonably request.
Exhibit C-1
Exhibit C-2
Exhibit C-3
 
(b) There shall exist no action, suit, investigation, litigation or proceeding affecting any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries pending or threatened before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator that (x) would be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (y) would reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or the other transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents.
 
(c) No development or change shall have occurred after December 31, 2004, and no information shall have become known after such date, that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
(d) The Account Parties shall have paid all accrued fees of the Administrative Agent and the Banks and all accrued expenses of the Administrative Agent (including the accrued fees and expenses of counsel to the Administrative Agent and local counsel on behalf of all of the Banks), in each case to the extent then due and payable.
 
(e) The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence satisfactory to it that all obligations of any Account Party outstanding under the Existing Reimbursement Agreement and Existing Unsecured Reimbursement Agreement (other than fees and expenses of Wachovia's counsel) have been repaid and satisfied in full.
 
3.02 . The obligation of the Issuing Banks to issue, extend or increase a Letter of Credit (including any issuance on the Effective Date) shall be subject to the further conditions precedent that on the date of such issuance, extension or increase (a) the following statements shall be true (and each request for issuance, extension, or increase, and the acceptance by the Account Party that requested such issuance, extension or increase shall constitute a representation and warranty
Conditions Precedent to Each Issuance, Extension or Increase of a Letter of Credit
 
by such Account Party that both on the date of such notice and on the date of such issuance, extension or increase such statements are true):
 
(i) the representations and warranties contained in each Loan Document are correct in all material respects on and as of such date, before and after giving effect to such issuance, extension or increase, as though made on and as of such date, other than any such representations or warranties that, by their terms, refer to a specific date other the date of such issuance, extension or increase, in which case as of such specific date (, , that the representation and warranty contained in the last sentence of shall be excluded from this clause (i) at all times after (but shall be included on and as of) the Effective Date); and
provided
however
Section 4.01(g)
 
(ii) no Default has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such issuance, extension or increase;
 
and (b) the Administrative Agent shall have received such other approvals, opinions or documents as any Bank or any Issuing Bank through the Administrative Agent may reasonably request.
 
3.03 . For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in , each Bank shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to the Banks unless an officer of the Administrative Agent responsible for the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents shall have received notice from such Bank prior to the Effective Date specifying its objection thereto, that such Bank has been given at least one Business Day's notice that the final form of such document or matter is available for its review.
Determinations Under Section 3.01
Section 3.01
provided
 
 
 
4.01 . Each Account Party represents and warrants as follows:
Representations and Warranties of the Account Parties
 
(a) Each Loan Party and each of its Material Subsidiaries (i) is duly organized or formed, validly existing and, to the extent such concept applies, in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation, (ii) is duly qualified and in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each other jurisdiction in which it owns or leases property or in which the conduct of its business requires it to so qualify or be licensed except where the failure to so qualify or be licensed would not be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect and (iii) has all requisite power and authority (including, without limitation, all governmental licenses, permits and other approvals) to own or lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted, except where the failure to have any license, permit or other approval would not be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. All of the outstanding Equity Interests in each Account Party (other than the Parent) have been validly issued, are fully paid and non-assessable and (except for any
 
Preferred Securities issued after the date of this Agreement) are owned, directly or indirectly, by the Parent free and clear of all Liens.
 
(b) Set forth on hereto is a complete and accurate list of all Subsidiaries of each Loan Party as of the Effective Date.
Schedule 4.01(b)
 
(c) The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which it is or is to be a party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, are within such Loan Party's corporate powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and do not (i) contravene such Loan Party's constitutional documents, (ii) violate any law, rule, regulation (including, without limitation, Regulation X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award, (iii) conflict with or result in the breach of, or constitute a default under, any contract, loan agreement, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, lease or other instrument binding on or affecting any Loan Party, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their properties or (iv) except for the Liens created under the Loan Documents, result in or require the creation or imposition of any Lien upon or with respect to any of the properties of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries. No Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of any such law, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award or in breach of any such contract, loan agreement, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, lease or other instrument, the violation or breach of which would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
(d) No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body or any other third party is required for (i) the due execution, delivery, recordation, filing or performance by any Loan Party of any Loan Document to which it is or is to be a party or the other transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, or (ii) the exercise by the Administrative Agent or any Bank of its rights under the Loan Documents, except for the authorizations, approvals, actions, notices and filings which have been duly obtained, taken, given or made and are in full force and effect, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws of general application relating to creditors' rights and to general principles of equity.
 
(e) This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document when delivered hereunder will have been, duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party party thereto. This Agreement is, and each other Loan Document when delivered hereunder will be, the legal, valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party party thereto, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms.
 
(f) There is no action, suit, investigation, litigation or proceeding affecting any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, including any Environmental Action, pending or, to such Loan Party's knowledge, threatened before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator that (i) would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) would reasonably be expected to affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents.
 
(g) The Consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at December 31, 2004, and the related Consolidated statements of income and of cash flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year then ended, accompanied by an unqualified opinion of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent public accountants, and the Consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at March 31, 2005, and the related Consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the three months then ended, duly certified by the Chief Financial Officer of the Parent, copies of which have been furnished to each Bank, fairly present, subject, in the case of said balance sheet as at March 31, 2005, and said statements of income and cash flows for the three months then ended, to year-end audit adjustments, the Consolidated financial condition of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at such dates and the Consolidated results of operations of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the periods ended on such dates, all in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis (subject, in the case of the March 31, 2005 balance sheet and statements of income and cash flows, to the absence of footnotes). Since December 31, 2004, there has been no Material Adverse Change.
 
(h) The Parent has delivered to the Administrative Agent a true and correct copy of each State Street Custodial Agreement as in effect as of the date of this Agreement. Each State Street Custodial Agreement is in full force and effect and no default or event of default by any Account Party exists thereunder.
 
(i) No written information, exhibit or report furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party to any Agent or any Bank in connection with the negotiation and syndication of the Loan Documents or pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made therein not misleading as at the date it was dated (or if not dated, so delivered).
 
(j) Margin Stock constitutes less than 25% of the value of those assets of any Account Party which are subject to any limitation on sale, pledge or other disposition hereunder. None of the Collateral constitutes or will constitute Margin Stock.
 
(k) Neither any Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries is an "investment company", or an "affiliated person" of, or "promoter" or "principal underwriter" for, an "investment company", as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Neither the making of any Advances, nor the issuance of any Letters of Credit, nor the application of the proceeds or repayment thereof by any Account Party, nor the consummation of the other transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, will violate any provision of such Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder.
 
(l) Each Loan Party is, individually and together with its Subsidiaries, Solvent.
 
(m) Except to the extent that any and all events and conditions under clauses (i) through (v) below of this in the aggregate are not reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect:
Section 4.01(m)
 
(i) Neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred or is reasonably expected to incur any Withdrawal Liability to any Multiemployer Plan.
 
(ii) With respect to each scheme or arrangement mandated by a government other than the United States (a "") and with respect to each employee benefit plan that is not subject to United States law maintained or contributed to by any Loan Party or with respect to which any Subsidiary of any Loan Party may have liability under applicable local law (a ""):
Foreign Government Scheme or Arrangement
Foreign Plan
 
(A) Any employer and employee contributions required by law or by the terms of any Foreign Government Scheme or Arrangement or any Foreign Plan have been made, or, if applicable, accrued, in accordance with normal accounting practices.
 
(B) The fair market value of the assets of each funded Foreign Plan, the liability of each insurer for any Foreign Plan funded through insurance or the book reserve established for any Foreign Plan, together with any accrued contributions, is sufficient to procure or provide for the accrued benefit obligations, as of the date hereof, with respect to all current and former participants in such Foreign Plan according to the actuarial assumptions and valuations most recently used to account for such obligations in accordance with applicable generally accepted accounting principles.
 
(C) Each Foreign Plan required to be registered has been registered and has been maintained in good standing with applicable regulatory authorities.
 
(iii) During the twelve-consecutive-month period to the date of the execution and delivery of this Agreement and prior to the request for any Letter of Credit to be issued hereunder, no steps have been taken to terminate any Pension Plan, no contribution failure has occurred with respect to any Pension Plan sufficient to give rise to a lien under section 302(f) of ERISA and no minimum funding waiver has been applied for or is in effect with respect to any Pension Plan. No condition exists or event or transaction has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur with respect to any Pension Plan which could result in any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate incurring any material liability, fine or penalty.
 
(iv) Each Pension Plan is in compliance in all respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Internal Revenue Code and other federal or state laws.
 
(v) No assets of any Loan Party are or are deemed under applicable law to be "plan assets" within the meaning of Department of Labor Regulation 2510.3-101.
 
(n) In the ordinary course of its business, each Account Party reviews the effect of Environmental Laws on the operations and properties of such Account Party and its Subsidiaries, in the course of which it identifies and evaluates associated liabilities and costs (including,
 
without limitation, any capital or operating expenditures required for clean-up or closure of properties presently or previously owned, any capital or operating expenditures required to achieve or maintain compliance with environmental protection standards imposed by law or as a condition of any license, permit or contract, any related constraints on operating activities, including any periodic or permanent shutdown of any facility or reduction in the level of or change in the nature of operations conducted thereat, and any actual or potential liabilities to third parties and any related costs and expenses). On the basis of this review, each Account Party has reasonably concluded that such associated liabilities and costs, including the costs of compliance with Environmental Laws, are unlikely to have a Material Adverse Effect. The operations and properties of each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries comply in all material respects with all applicable Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits, except for non-compliances which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; Hazardous Materials have not been released, discharged or disposed of on any property currently or formerly owned or operated by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and there are no Environmental Actions pending or threatened against any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, and no circumstances exist that could be reasonably likely to form the basis of any such Environmental Action, which (in either case), individually or in the aggregate with all other such pending or threatened actions and circumstances, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
(o) Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries has filed, has caused to be filed or has been included in all material federal tax returns and all other material tax returns required to be filed and has paid all taxes shown thereon to be due, together with applicable interest and penalties, except to the extent contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings (in which case adequate reserves have been established therefor in accordance with GAAP).
 
(p) Set forth on hereto is a list of all letters of credit that were issued (or deemed issued) under the Existing Reimbursement Agreement and that are outstanding as of the Effective Date.
Schedule II
 
(q) Neither any Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries is a Sanctioned Person.
 
(r) Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance in all material respects with the Patriot Act. No part of any payment under any Letter of Credit will be used, directly or indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.
 
 
 
5.01 . So long as any Advance or any other Obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall remain unpaid, any Letter of Credit shall be
Affirmative Covenants
 
outstanding or any Bank shall have any Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment or commitment to issue a Letter of Credit hereunder, each Account Party will:
 
(a) Comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders, such compliance to include, without limitation, compliance with Environmental Laws, Environmental Permits, ERISA and the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Chapter of the Organized Crime Control Act of 1970, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Compliance with Laws, Etc.
 
(b) Pay and discharge, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to pay and discharge, before the same shall become delinquent, all material taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies imposed upon it or upon its property; , , that neither any Account Party nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to pay or discharge any such tax, assessment, charge or levy that is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and as to which appropriate reserves are being maintained.
Payment of Taxes, Etc.
provided
however
 
(c) . Maintain, and cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to maintain, insurance with responsible and reputable insurance companies or associations in such amounts and covering such risks as is usually carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in the same general areas in which the Parent or such Material Subsidiary operates (it being understood that the foregoing shall not apply to maintenance of reinsurance or similar matters which shall be solely within the reasonable business judgment of the Parent and its Subsidiaries).
Maintenance of Insurance
 
(d) Preserve and maintain, and cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to preserve and maintain, its existence, legal structure, legal name, rights (charter and statutory), permits, licenses, approvals, privileges and franchises; , , that (i) the Parent and its Subsidiaries may consummate any merger or amalgamation or consolidation permitted under , (ii) no Subsidiary (other than an Account Party) shall be required to preserve and maintain its existence, legal structure, legal names or other rights (charter and statutory) if the Board of Directors of a direct or indirect parent of such Subsidiary has determined that such action is not disadvantageous in any material respect to the Parent, such parent or the Banks, and (iii) neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to preserve any right, permit, license, approval, privilege or franchise if the Board of Directors of the Parent or such Subsidiary shall determine that the preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of the business of the Parent or such Subsidiary, as the case may be, and that the loss thereof is not disadvantageous in any material respect to the Parent, such Subsidiary or the Banks.
Preservation of Corporate Existence, Etc.
provided
however
Section 5.02(c)
 
(e) . At any reasonable time and from time to time upon not less than three Business Days prior notice, permit the Administrative Agent (upon request made by any Agent or any Bank), or any agents or representatives thereof, at the expense (so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing) of such Agent or such Bank, as the case may be, to examine and make copies of and abstracts from the records and books of account of, and visit the properties of, the Parent and any of its Subsidiaries, and to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Parent and any of its Subsidiaries with any of their officers or directors and with,
Visitation Rights
 
so long as a representative of the Parent is present, their independent certified public accountants; that neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to disclose any information that it reasonably determines is entitled to the protection of attorney-client privilege.
provided
 
(f) . Keep, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to keep, proper books of record and account, in which full and correct entries shall be made of all financial transactions and the assets and business of the Parent and each such Subsidiary sufficient to permit the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP.
Keeping of Books
 
(g) Maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, all of its properties that are used or useful in the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Maintenance of Properties, Etc.
 
(h) . Conduct, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to conduct, all transactions otherwise permitted under the Loan Documents with any of their Affiliates (other than any such transactions between Loan Parties or wholly owned Subsidiaries of Loan Parties) on terms that are fair and reasonable and no less favorable than it would obtain in a comparable arm's-length transaction with a Person not an Affiliate.
Transactions with Affiliates
 
(i) . Ensure that at all times the claims of the Banks, the Issuing Banks and the Agents against it under the Loan Documents will rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for claims which are preferred by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application or are mandatorily preferred by law applying to insurance companies generally.
Pari Passu Ranking
 
(j) . Comply with the provisions of this Section regarding any new or additional Collateral. The Account Parties may from time to time add Collateral to the State Street Custodial Accounts without the necessity of executing or delivering any documents pursuant to this Agreement (but subject to the provisions of ). The Account Parties may from time to time pledge new or additional Collateral contained in Custodial Accounts other than the State Street Custodial Accounts by executing and delivering to the Administrative Agent either a supplement to the Pledge and Security Agreement in the form attached thereto (in the case of any new Custodial Account maintained with State Street), or a new pledge and security agreement (in substantially the form of the Pledge and Security Agreement) or other pledge agreement, security agreement or charge (in the case of any new Custodial Account maintained with another Custodian), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and by causing to be executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent a control agreement or such other Security Documents as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably require together with such other documents, certificates and opinions (including opinions as to the validity and perfection of the Administrative Agent's Lien on such Collateral), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in connection therewith; and the applicable Account Parties will take such other action as the Administrative Agent may
Additional Collateral
Section 5.02(g)
 
reasonably request to create in favor of the Administrative Agent a perfected security interest in and Lien on the Collateral being pledged pursuant to the documents described above.
 
(k) . Cause to be delivered to the Administrative Agent, promptly upon receipt after the end of each calendar month, a monthly statement of each Custodial Account prepared by the Custodian thereof, showing the assets credited to such account as of the date of such statement.
Custodial Account Statements
 
(l) . (i) Cause each of its Subsidiaries that is a U.S. Person to have a compliance program that is reasonably designed to comply with OFAC's requirements; (ii) cause each of its Subsidiaries that is a Subsidiary of a U.S. Person to provide notice promptly to the Banks upon receiving a sanction on account of, or an inquiry from any Governmental Authority related to, a violation or potential violation of OFAC by such Subsidiary; (iii) not knowingly request the issuance of a letter of credit hereunder in favor of a beneficiary that is a Sanctioned Person or is organized under the laws of a Sanctioned Country; and (iv) take, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to take, to the extent commercially reasonable, such actions (including providing information) as are reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Bank in order to assist the Administrative Agent and the Banks in maintaining compliance with the Patriot Act.
OFAC, Patriot Act Compliance
 
5.02 . So long as any Advance or any other Obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall remain unpaid, any Letter of Credit shall be outstanding or any Bank shall have any Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment or commitment to issue a Letter of Credit hereunder, each of the Account Parties will not, at any time:
Negative Covenants
 
(a) . Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, any Lien on or with respect to any of its properties of any character (including, without limitation, accounts) whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or assign or permit any of its Subsidiaries to assign, any accounts or other right to receive income, except:
Liens, Etc
 
(i) Permitted Liens;
 
(ii) Liens described on hereto;
Schedule 5.02(a)
 
(iii) purchase money Liens upon any property acquired or held by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business to secure the purchase price of such property or to secure Debt incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition, construction or improvement of any property to be subject to such Liens, or Liens existing on any property at the time of acquisition or within 180 days following such acquisition (other than any such Liens created in contemplation of such acquisition that do not secure the purchase price), or extensions, renewals or replacements of any of the foregoing for the same or a lesser amount; , , that no such Lien shall extend to or cover any property other than the property being acquired, constructed or improved, and no
provided
however
 
such extension, renewal or replacement shall extend to or cover any property not theretofore subject to the Lien being extended, renewed or replaced;
 
(iv) Liens arising in connection with Capitalized Leases; that no such Lien shall extend to or cover any assets other than the assets subject to such Capitalized Leases;
provided
 
(v) (A) any Lien existing on any asset of any Person at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary and not created in contemplation of such event, (B) any Lien on any asset of any Person existing at the time such Person is merged or consolidated with or into the Parent or any of it Subsidiaries in accordance with and not created in contemplation of such event and (C) any Lien existing on any asset prior to the acquisition thereof by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries and not created in contemplation of such acquisition;
Section 5.02(c)
 
(vi) Liens securing obligations under credit default swap transactions determined by reference to, or Contingent Obligations in respect of, Debt issued by the Parent or one of its Subsidiaries; such Debt not to exceed an aggregate principal amount of $550,000,000;
 
(vii) Liens arising in the ordinary course of its business which (A) do not secure Debt and (B) do not in the aggregate materially detract from the value of its assets or materially impair the use thereof in the operation of its business;
 
(viii) Liens on cash and Approved Investments securing Hedge Agreements arising in the ordinary course of business;
 
(ix) other Liens securing Debt or other obligations outstanding in an aggregate principal or face amount not to exceed at any time 5% of Consolidated Net Worth;
 
(x) Liens consisting of deposits made by the Parent or any insurance Subsidiary with any insurance regulatory authority or other statutory Liens or Liens or claims imposed or required by applicable insurance law or regulation against the assets of the Parent or any insurance Subsidiary, in each case in favor of policyholders of the Parent or such insurance Subsidiary or an insurance regulatory authority and in the ordinary course of the Parent's or such insurance Subsidiary's business;
 
(xi) Liens on Investments and cash balances of the Parent or any insurance Subsidiary (other than capital stock of any Subsidiary) securing obligations of the Parent or any insurance Subsidiary in respect of (i) letters of credit obtained in the ordinary course of business (including, without limitation, Liens created by the Security Documents) and/or (ii) trust arrangements formed in the ordinary course of business for the benefit of cedents to secure reinsurance recoverables owed to them by the Parent or any insurance Subsidiary;
 
(xii) the replacement, extension or renewal of any Lien permitted by clause (ii) or (v) above upon or in the same property theretofore subject thereto or the replacement, extension or renewal (without increase in the amount (other than in respect of fees, expenses and premiums, if any) or change in any direct or contingent obligor) of the Debt secured thereby;
 
(xiii) Liens securing obligations owed by any Loan Party to any other Loan Party or owed by any Subsidiary of the Parent (other than a Loan Party) to the Parent or any other Subsidiary;
 
(xiv) Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business in favor of financial intermediaries and clearing agents pending clearance of payments for investment or in the nature of set-off, banker's lien or similar rights as to deposit accounts or other funds;
 
(xv) judgment or judicial attachment Liens, that the enforcement of such Liens is effectively stayed;
provided
 
(xvi) Liens arising in connection with Securitization Transactions; that the aggregate principal amount of the investment or claim held at any time by all purchasers, assignees or other transferees of (or of interests in) receivables and other rights to payment in all Securitization Transactions (together with the aggregate principal amount of any other obligations secured by such Liens) shall not exceed U.S. $750,000,000;
provided
 
(xvii) Liens on securities arising out of repurchase agreements with a term of not more than three months entered into with "Lenders" (as such term is defined in the JPMorgan Credit Agreement) or their Affiliates or with securities dealers of recognized standing; that the aggregate amount of all assets of the Parent and its Subsidiaries subject to such agreements shall not at any time exceed $1,000,000,000. For purposes of this clause (xvii), "" shall mean the Three-Year Credit Agreement dated as of April 2, 2004 among the Parent, ACE Bermuda, Tempest, and ACE INA Holdings Inc., as borrowers, various financial institutions, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, as amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time; and
provided
JPMorgan Credit Agreement
 
(xviii) Liens securing up to an aggregate amount of $200,000,000 of obligations of the Parent or any wholly owned Subsidiary, arising out of catastrophe bond financing.
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this or any other provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, in no event shall any Account Party create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on or with respect to the Collateral or any portion thereof other than (w) the Liens created in favor of the Administrative Agent under the Security Documents, (x) Liens described in clause (a) of the definition of Permitted Liens, (y) Liens described in clause (xv) above, and (z) Liens in favor of any Custodian pursuant to such
Section 5.02(a)
 
Custodian's standard Custodial Agreements securing payment of such Custodian's customary fees, commissions and charges (the Liens described in clauses (w), (x), (y) and (z), collectively, "").
Permitted Collateral Liens
 
(b) . Make any material change in the nature of the business of the Parent and its Material Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as carried on at the date hereof.
Change in Nature of Business
 
(c) . Merge into or amalgamate or consolidate with any Person or permit any Person to merge into it, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do so, except that:
Mergers, Etc
 
(i) any Subsidiary of the Parent may merge into or amalgamate or consolidate with any other Subsidiary of the Parent, that, in the case of any such merger, amalgamation or consolidation, the Person formed by such merger, amalgamation or consolidation shall be a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Parent, that, in the case of any such merger, amalgamation or consolidation to which an Account Party is a party, the Person formed by such merger, amalgamation or consolidation shall be such Account Party;
provided
provided
further
 
(ii) any Subsidiary of any Account Party may merge into or amalgamate or consolidate with any other Person or permit any other Person to merge into, amalgamate or consolidate with it; that the Person surviving such merger, amalgamation or consolidation shall be a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Account Party;
provided
 
(iii) in connection with any sale or other disposition permitted under , any Subsidiary of the Parent may merge into or amalgamate or consolidate with any other Person or permit any other Person to merge into or amalgamate or consolidate with it; and
Section 5.02(d)
 
(iv) the Parent or any Account Party may merge into or amalgamate or consolidate with any other Person; that, in the case of any such merger, amalgamation or consolidation, the Person formed by such merger, amalgamation or consolidation shall be the Parent or such Account Party, as the case may be;
provided
 
, , that in each case, immediately after giving effect thereto, no event shall occur and be continuing that constitutes a Default.
provided
however
 
(d) . Sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of, or permit any other Account Party to sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of, all or substantially all of its assets (excluding sales of investment securities in the ordinary course of business); , , that the provisions of shall apply independent of this .
Sales, Etc., of Assets
provided
however
Section 5.02(g)
Section
5.02(d)
 
(e) . Declare or pay any dividends, purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise acquire for value any of its Equity Interests now or hereafter outstanding, return any capital to its stockholders, partners or members (or the equivalent Persons thereof) as such, make any distribution of assets, Equity Interests, obligations or securities to its stockholders, partners or members (or the equivalent Persons thereof) as such or issue or sell any
Restricted Payments
 
Equity Interests or accept any capital contributions, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do any of the foregoing, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise acquire for value any Equity Interests in the Parent or to issue or sell any Equity Interests therein, if in any case referred to above, a Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of such action or would result therefrom.
 
(f) . Make or permit, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to make or permit, any change in accounting policies or reporting practices, except as permitted by GAAP.
Accounting Changes
 
(g) . Permit (i) the Letter of Credit Outstandings to exceed the aggregate Collateral Value at any time or (ii) the average rating (calculated on a weighted average basis) of the securities included within the calculation of the aggregate Collateral Value to be less than "A-" (with rating methodologies to be taken into account in the manner set forth in ). The Account Parties may from time to time add Collateral to or sell, deliver, transfer or otherwise withdraw Collateral from any Custodial Account (including, without limitation, by trading of securities), but only so long as (i) immediately after giving effect thereto no Default or Event of Default would exist and (ii) with respect to the addition or termination (or removal as Collateral) of Custodial Accounts, the Account Parties comply with any applicable restrictions and conditions set forth in the Security Documents.
Collateral
Schedule III
 
(h) . Make or permit any amendment or modification to any Custodial Agreement that is adverse in any material respect to the interests of the Account Parties or the Banks.
Custodial Agreements
 
5.03 . So long as any Advance or any other Obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall remain unpaid, any Letter of Credit shall be outstanding or any Bank shall have any Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment or commitment to issue a Letter of Credit hereunder, the Parent will furnish to the Agents and the Banks:
Reporting Requirements
 
(a) . As soon as possible and in any event within five days after the occurrence of each Default or any event, development or occurrence reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect continuing on the date of such statement, a statement of the chief financial officer of the Parent setting forth details of such Default, event, development or occurrence and the action that the Parent or the applicable Subsidiary has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto.
Default Notice
 
(b) .
Annual Financials
 
(i) As soon as available and in any event within 90 days after the end of each Fiscal Year (or, if earlier, within five Business Days after such date as the Parent is required to file its annual report on Form 10-K for such Fiscal Year with the Securities and Exchange Commission), a copy of the annual Consolidated audit report for such year for the Parent and its Subsidiaries, including therein a Consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Year and Consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Parent
 
and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Year, all reported on in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Securities and Exchange Commission in each case and accompanied by an opinion of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP or other independent public accountants of recognized standing reasonably acceptable to the Required Banks, together with (i) a certificate of the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer or Chief Compliance Officer of the Parent stating that no Default has occurred and is continuing, or if a Default has occurred and is continuing, a statement as to the nature thereof and the action that the Parent has taken a proposes to take with respect thereto, and (ii) a schedule in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent of the computations used by the Parent in determining, as of the end of such Fiscal Year, compliance with the covenants contained in (which schedule shall include a statement as to the ratio of the aggregate Collateral Value to the Letter of Credit Outstandings as of the end of each calendar month during the period covered by such financial statements, to the extent not previously furnished to the Agents and the Banks).
Section 5.04
 
(ii) As soon as available and in any event within 120 days after the end of each Fiscal Year, a copy of the annual Consolidated audit report for such year for each Subsidiary Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, including therein a Consolidated balance sheet of such Subsidiary Guarantor and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Year and a Consolidated statement of income and a Consolidated statement of cash flows of such Subsidiary Guarantor and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, in each case accompanied by an opinion acceptable to the Required Banks of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP or other independent public accountants of recognized standing acceptable to the Required Banks.
 
(iii) As soon as available and in any event within 20 days after submission, each statutory statement of the Loan Parties (or any of them) in the form submitted to the Supervisor of Insurance, the Insurance Division of the Bermuda Monetary Authority.
 
(c) . As soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the end of each of the first three quarters of each Fiscal Year (or, if earlier, within five Business Days after such date as the Parent is required to file its quarterly report on Form 10-Q for such fiscal quarter with the Securities and Exchange Commission), Consolidated balance sheets of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such quarter and Consolidated statements of income and a Consolidated statement of cash flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal quarter and ending with the end of such fiscal quarter and Consolidated statements of income and a Consolidated statement of cash flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the period commencing at the end of the previous Fiscal Year and ending with the end of such quarter, setting forth in each case in comparative form the corresponding figures for the corresponding date or period of the preceding Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail and duly certified (subject to the absence of footnotes and normal year-end audit adjustments) by the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer or Chief Compliance Officer of the Parent as having been prepared in accordance with GAAP, together with (i) a certificate of said officer stating that no Default has occurred and is continuing or, if a
Quarterly Financials
 
Default has occurred and is continuing, a statement as to the nature thereof and the action that the Parent has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto and (ii) a schedule in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent of the computations used by the Parent in determining compliance with the covenants contained in (which schedule shall include a statement as to the ratio of the aggregate Collateral Value to the Letter of Credit Outstandings as of the end of each calendar month during the period covered by such financial statements).
Section 5.04
 
(d) . Promptly after the commencement thereof, notice of all actions, suits, investigations, litigation and proceedings before any court or governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, affecting any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries of the type described in .
Litigation
Section 4.01(f)
 
(e) . Promptly after the sending or filing thereof, copies of all proxy statements, financial statements and reports that the Parent sends to its stockholders generally, copies of all regular, periodic and special reports, and all registration statements, that any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries files with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any governmental authority that may be substituted therefor, or with any national securities exchange.
Securities Reports
 
(f) .
ERISA
 
(i) . Promptly and in any event within 10 days after any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate institutes any steps to terminate any Pension Plan or becomes aware of the institution of any steps or any threat by the PBGC to terminate any Pension Plan, or the failure to make a required contribution to any Pension Plan if such failure is sufficient to give rise to a lien under section 302(f) of ERISA, or the taking of any action with respect to a Pension Plan which could result in the requirement that any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate furnish a bond or other security to the PBGC or such Pension Plan, or the occurrence of any event with respect to any Pension Plan which could result in any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate incurring any material liability, fine or penalty, or any material increase in the contingent liability of any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate with respect to any post-retirement Welfare Plan benefit, notice thereof and copies of all documentation relating thereto.
ERISA Events
 
(ii) . Promptly upon request of any Agent or any Bank, copies of each Schedule B (Actuarial Information) to the annual report (Form 5500 Series) with respect to each Pension Plan.
Plan Annual Reports
 
(iii) . Promptly and in any event within 15 Business Days after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate from the sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan, copies of each notice concerning (A) the imposition of Withdrawal Liability by any such Multiemployer Plan, (B) the reorganization or termination, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA, of any such Multiemployer Plan or (C) the amount of liability incurred, or that may be incurred, by such Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate in connection with any event described in clause (A) or (B); , , that such notice and
Multiemployer Plan Notices
provided
however
 
documentation shall not be required to be provided (except at the specific request of any Agent or any Bank, in which case such notice and documentation shall be promptly provided following such request) if such condition or event is not reasonably expected to result in any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate incurring any material liability, fine, or penalty.
 
(g) Promptly after any Responsible Officer of the Parent obtains knowledge thereof, (i) a copy of any notice from the Bermuda Minister of Finance or the Registrar of Companies or any other person of the revocation, the suspension or the placing of any restriction or condition on the registration as an insurer of any Account Party under the Bermuda Insurance Act 1978 (and related regulations) or of the institution of any proceeding or investigation which could result in any such revocation, suspension or placing of such a restriction or condition, (ii) copies of any correspondence by, to or concerning any Loan Party relating to an investigation conducted by the Bermuda Minister of Finance, whether pursuant to Section 132 of the Bermuda Companies Act 1981 (and related regulations) or otherwise and (iii) a copy of any notice of or requesting or otherwise relating to the winding-up or any similar proceeding of or with respect to any Loan Party.
Regulatory Notices, Etc.
 
(h) . Such other information respecting the business, condition (financial or otherwise), operations, performance, properties or prospects of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries as the Administrative Agent, or any Bank through the Administrative Agent, may from time to time reasonably request. Information required to be delivered pursuant to ,, and shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which the Parent provides notice to the Administrative Agent that such information has been posted on the Parent's website on the Internet at the website address listed on the signature pages hereof, at sec.gov/edaux.searches.htm or at another website identified in such notice and accessible by the Banks without charge; that (x) such notice may be included in a certificate delivered pursuant to or and (y) the Parent shall deliver paper copies of the information referred to in ,, and to any Bank which requests such delivery.
Other Information
Sections 5.03(b)
5.03(c)
5.03(e)
provided
Section
5.03(b)(i)(A)
5.01(c)(i)
Sections 5.03(b)
5.03(c)
5.03(e)
 
5.04 . So long as any Advance or any other Obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall remain unpaid, any Letter of Credit shall be outstanding or any Bank shall have any Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment or commitment to issue a Letter of Credit hereunder, the Parent will:
Financial Covenants
 
(a) . Maintain at all times a ratio of Adjusted Consolidated Debt to Total Capitalization of not more than 0.35 to 1.0.
Adjusted Consolidated Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio
 
(b) . Maintain at all times Consolidated Net Worth in an amount not less than the Minimum Amount. For this purpose, the "" is an amount equal to the sum of (i) the then-current Base Amount plus (ii) (A) 25% of Consolidated Net Income for each completed fiscal quarter of the Parent for which Consolidated Net Income is positive and that ends after the date on which the then-current Base Amount became effective and on or before the last day of the then-current Fiscal Year and (B) 50% of any increase in Consolidated Net Worth during such period attributable to the issuance of ordinary or preferred shares. The "" shall be $6,441,000,000 as of March 30, 2005 and shall thereafter
Consolidated Net Worth
Minimum Amount
Base Amount
 
be reset on the earlier of (A) the date of the delivery of the financial statements for the immediately preceding Fiscal Year pursuant to and (B) March 30 of each year to an amount equal to the greater of (x) 70% of Consolidated Net Worth as of the last day of the immediately preceding Fiscal Year and (y) the Minimum Amount in effect as of the last day of the immediately preceding Fiscal Year.
Section 5.03(b)(i)
 
 
 
6.01 . If any of the following events ("Events of Default") shall occur and be continuing:
Events of Default
 
(a) (i) any Account Party shall fail to pay any reimbursement obligation in respect of any Advance made by any Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit when and as the same shall become due and payable, or (ii) any Account Party shall fail to make any payment of interest on such Advance or of any other amount payable by such Account Party under any Loan Document, in each case under this clause (ii) within five Business Days after the same becomes due and payable; or
 
(b) any representation or warranty made by any Loan Party (or any of its officers) under or in connection with any Loan Document shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made; or
 
(c) any Account Party shall fail to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in , (with respect to the Parent), , or ; or
Section 2.10
5.01(d)
5.02
5.03(a)
5.04
 
(d) any Account Party shall fail to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in if such failure shall remain unremedied for five Business Days after written notice thereof shall have been given to such Loan Party by any Agent or any Bank; or
Section 5.01(e)
 
(e) any Loan Party shall fail to perform or observe any other term, covenant or agreement contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed if such failure shall remain unremedied for (i) in the case of any covenant contained in , three Business Days after the earlier of the date on which (A) a Responsible Officer becomes aware of such failure or (B) written notice thereof shall have been given to such Loan Party by any Agent or any Bank, and (ii) in all other cases, 30 days after the earlier of the date on which (A) a Responsible Officer becomes aware of such failure or (B) written notice thereof shall have been given to such Loan Party by any Agent or any Bank; or
Section 5.02(g)
 
(f) the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to pay any Material Financial Obligation (but excluding Debt outstanding hereunder) of the Parent or such Subsidiary (as the case may be), when the same becomes due and payable (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise), and such failure shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the agreement or instrument relating to such Material Financial Obligation; or any other event shall occur or condition shall exist under any agreement
 
or instrument relating to any such Material Financial Obligation and shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in such agreement or instrument, if the effect of such event or condition is to accelerate, or to permit the acceleration of, the maturity of such Material Financial Obligation or otherwise to cause, or to permit the holder thereof to cause, such Material Financial Obligation to mature; or any such Material Financial Obligation shall be declared to be due and payable or required to be prepaid or redeemed (other than by a regularly scheduled required prepayment or redemption), purchased or defeased, or an offer to prepay, redeem, purchase or defease such Material Financial Obligation shall be required to be made, in each case prior to the stated maturity thereof; or
 
(g) any Loan Party or any of its Significant Subsidiaries shall generally not pay its debts as such debts become due, or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or any proceeding shall be instituted by or against any Loan Party or any of its Significant Subsidiaries seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking liquidation, winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief, or composition of it or its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, or other similar official for it or for any substantial part of its property and, in the case of any such proceeding instituted against it (but not instituted by it) that is being diligently contested by it in good faith, either such proceeding shall remain undismissed or unstayed for a period of 60 days or any of the actions sought in such proceeding (including, without limitation, the entry of an order for relief against, or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for, it or any substantial part of its property) shall occur; or any Loan Party or any of its Significant Subsidiaries shall take any corporate action to authorize any of the actions set forth above in this ; or
Section 6.01(g)
 
(h) any judgment or order for the payment of money in excess of $100,000,000 shall be rendered against any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries and either (i) enforcement proceedings shall have been commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order or (ii) there shall be any period of 30 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, shall not be in effect; or
 
(i) any non-monetary judgment or order shall be rendered against any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries that would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, and there shall be any period of 30 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, shall not be in effect; or
 
(j) any provision in of this Agreement shall for any reason cease to be valid and binding on or enforceable against any Loan Party (other than as a result of a transaction permitted hereunder), or any such Loan Party shall so state in writing; or any Security Document shall for any reason (other than pursuant to the terms thereof) cease to create in favor of the Administrative Agent a valid and perfected first priority Lien on and security interest in the Collateral purported to be covered thereby; or the Administrative Agent shall cease for any reason to hold a perfected first priority Lien on and security interest in the Collateral; or
Article VII
 
(k) a Change of Control shall occur; or
 
(l) Any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate shall incur or shall be reasonably expected to incur liability in excess of $25,000,000 in the aggregate with respect to any Pension Plan or any Multiemployer Plan in connection with the occurrence of any of the following events or existence of any of the following conditions:
 
(i) Institution of any steps by any Loan Party, any ERISA Affiliate or any other Person, including, without limitation, the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan if as a result of such termination a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate would reasonably expect to be required to make a contribution to such Pension Plan, or would reasonably expect to incur a liability or obligation; or
 
(ii) A contribution failure occurs with respect to any Pension Plan sufficient to give rise to a lien under section 302(f) of ERISA; or
 
(iii) Any condition shall exist or event shall occur with respect to a Pension Plan that is reasonably expected to result in any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate being required to furnish a bond or security to the PBGC or such Pension Plan, or incurring a liability or obligation; or
 
(m) any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate shall have been notified by the sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan that it has incurred Withdrawal Liability or a default, within the meaning of Section 4219(c)(5) of ERISA, has occurred with respect to such Multiemployer Plan which could cause any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate to incur a payment obligation in excess of $25,000,000; or
 
(n) any Custodial Agreement is amended or modified in any manner that is inconsistent with the terms of the Loan Documents or that otherwise could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or is terminated, or ceases to be in full force and effect or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be null and void, invalid or unenforceable in any material respect, or any party thereto denies that it has any further liability or obligation thereunder; or
 
(o) any Account Party shall (i) change its name, identity or corporate structure, (ii) change its chief executive office from the location thereof listed on Annex A to the Pledge and Security Agreement, or (iii) change the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization from the jurisdiction listed on Annex A to the Pledge and Security Agreement (whether by merger or otherwise), unless in each case such Account Party has (1) given twenty (20) days' prior written notice to the Administrative Agent of its intention to do so, together with information regarding any such new location and such other information in connection with such proposed action as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, and (2) delivered to the Administrative Agent ten (10) days prior to any such change or removal such documents, instruments and financing statements as may be required by the Administrative Agent, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, paid all necessary filing and recording fees and taxes, and taken all other actions reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent (including, at the request of the Administrative Agent, delivery of opinions of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent to the effect that all such actions have been taken), in order to perfect and maintain the Lien upon and security interest in the Collateral provided for in the Pledge and
 
Security Agreement in accordance with the provisions of Section 3(c) thereof; that an Event of Default under this subsection shall not occur unless any failure of any Account Party to perform or observe any provision of this subsection shall remain unremedied for 30 days after the earlier of the date on which (y) a Responsible Officer becomes aware of such failure or (z) written notice thereof shall have been given to such Loan Party by any Agent or any Bank;
provided
 
then, and in any such event, the Administrative Agent (i) shall at the request, or may with the consent, of the Required Banks, by notice to the Account Parties, declare the obligation of the Issuing Banks to issue Letters of Credit to be terminated, whereupon the same shall forthwith terminate, and/or (ii) shall at the request, or may with the consent, of the Required Banks, by notice to the Account Parties, declare all amounts payable under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon all such amounts shall become and be forthwith due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Account Parties, and/or (iii) shall at the request, or may with the consent, of the Required Banks, proceed to exercise the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Banks under the Loan Documents and applicable law, including, without limitation, by dating, delivering and acting upon Letters of Instruction; , , that in the event of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to any Account Party under the federal Bankruptcy Code, (x) the obligation of the Issuing Banks to issue Letters of Credit shall automatically be terminated, (y) all such amounts shall automatically become and be due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or any notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Account Parties and (z) the obligation of the Account Parties to provide cash collateral under shall automatically become effective.
provided
however
Section 6.02
 
6.02 . If any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Administrative Agent may, or shall at the request of the Required Banks, after having taken any of the actions described in or otherwise, make demand upon the Account Parties to, and forthwith upon such demand the Account Parties will, pay to the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Banks in same day funds at the Administrative Agent's office designated in such demand, an amount equal to the aggregate Available Amount of all Letters of Credit then outstanding as cash collateral. If at any time during the continuance of an Event of Default the Administrative Agent determines that such funds are subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent and the Banks or that the total amount of such funds is less than the aggregate Available Amount of all Letters of Credit, the Account Parties will, forthwith upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay to the Administrative Agent, as additional cash collateral, an amount equal to the excess of (a) such aggregate Available Amount over (b) the total amount of funds, if any, that the Administrative Agent determines to be free and clear of any such right and claim. Upon the drawing of any Letter of Credit, such funds shall be applied to reimburse the Issuing Banks or Banks, as applicable, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
Actions in Respect of the Letters of Credit upon Default
Section 6.01(ii)
 
 
 
7.01 .
The Guaranty
 
(a) Each Account Party hereby jointly and severally, unconditionally, absolutely and irrevocably guarantees the full and punctual payment (whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise) of all Obligations of each of the other Account Parties under the Loan Documents including, without limitation, the principal of and interest on reimbursement obligations owing by such other Account Parties pursuant to this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit. Upon failure by an Account Party to pay punctually any such amount, each other Account Party agrees to pay forthwith on demand the amount not so paid at the place and in the manner specified in this Agreement.
 
(b) Each Account Party (other than the Parent), and by its acceptance of this Guaranty, the Administrative Agent and each other Bank, hereby confirms that it is the intention of all such Persons that this Guaranty and the obligations of each Account Party hereunder not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of Bankruptcy Law, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar foreign, federal or state law to the extent applicable to this Guaranty and the obligations of each Account Party (other than the Parent) hereunder. To effectuate the foregoing intention, the Administrative Agent, the other Banks and the Account Parties hereby irrevocably agree that the obligations of each Account Party (other than the Parent) under this at any time shall be limited to the maximum amount as will result in the obligations of such Account Party under this Guaranty not constituting a fraudulent transfer or conveyance.
Article VII
 
7.02 . The obligations of each Account Party under this shall be unconditional, absolute and irrevocable and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, shall not be released, discharged or otherwise affected by:
Guaranty Unconditional
Article VII
 
(i) any extension, renewal, settlement, compromise, waiver or release (including with respect to any Collateral) in respect of any obligation of any other obligor under any of the Loan Documents, by operation of law or otherwise;
 
(ii) any modification or amendment of or supplement to any of the Loan Documents;
 
(iii) any release, non-perfection or invalidity of any direct or indirect security for any obligation of any other obligor under any of the Loan Documents;
 
(iv) any change in the corporate existence, structure or ownership of any obligor, or any insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization or other similar proceeding affecting any other obligor or its assets or any resulting release or discharge of any obligation of any other obligor contained in any of the Loan Documents;
 
(v) the existence of any claim, set-off or other rights which any obligor may have at any time against any other obligor, the Administrative Agent, any Bank or any other corporation or person, whether in connection with any of the Loan Documents or any unrelated transactions, that nothing herein shall prevent the assertion of any such claim by separate suit or compulsory counterclaim;
provided
 
(vi) any invalidity or unenforceability relating to or against any other obligor for any reason of any of the Loan Documents, or any provision of applicable law or regulation purporting to prohibit the payment by any other obligor of principal interest or any other amount payable under any of the Loan Documents;
 
(vii) any law, regulation or order of any jurisdiction, or any other event, affecting any term of any obligation of the Banks' rights with respect thereto; or
 
(viii) any other act or omission to act or delay of any kind by any obligor, the Administrative Agent, any Bank or any other corporation or person or any other circumstance whatsoever which might, but for the provisions of this paragraph, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of or defense to an Account Party's obligations under this .
Article VII
 
7.03 . Each Account Party's obligations under this shall remain in full force and effect until the commitments of the Banks hereunder shall have terminated, no Letters of Credit shall be outstanding and all amounts payable by the other Account Parties under the Loan Documents shall have been paid in full. If at any time any payment of the principal of or interest on any reimbursement obligation or any other amount payable by an Account Party under the Loan Documents is rescinded or must be otherwise restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of such Account Party or otherwise, each other Account Party's obligations under this with respect to such payment shall be reinstated as though such payment had been due but not made at such time.
Discharge Only upon Payment in Full; Reinstatement in Certain Circumstances
Article VII
Article VII
 
7.04 . Each Account Party irrevocably waives acceptance hereof, presentment, demand, protest and any notice not provided for herein, as well as any requirement that at any time any action be taken by any corporation or person against any other obligor or any other corporation or person.
Waiver by the Account Parties
 
7.05 . Each Account Party hereby unconditionally and irrevocably agrees not to exercise any rights that it may now have or hereafter acquire against any other Account Party, or any other insider guarantor that arise from the existence, payment, performance or enforcement of such Account Party's obligations under or in respect of this Guaranty or any other Loan Document, including, without limitation, any right of subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution or indemnification and any right to participate in any claim or remedy of any Bank against any other Account Party, any other Loan Party or any other insider guarantor or any collateral, whether or not such claim, remedy or right arises in equity or under contract, statute or common law, including, without limitation, the right to take or receive from
Subrogation
 
any other Account Party, any other Loan Party or any other insider guarantor, directly or indirectly, in cash or other property or by set-off or in any other manner, payment or security on account of such claim, remedy or right, unless and until all amounts payable under this Guaranty shall have been paid in full in cash, no Letters of Credit shall be outstanding and the commitments of the Banks hereunder shall have expired or been terminated. If any amount shall be paid to any Account Party in violation of the immediately preceding sentence at any time prior to the latest of (a) the payment in full in cash of all amounts payable under this Guaranty, and (b) the Expiration Date, such amount shall be received and held in trust for the benefit of the Banks, shall be segregated from other property and funds of such Account Party and shall forthwith be paid or delivered to the Administrative Agent in the same form as so received (with any necessary endorsement or assignment) to be credited and applied to all amounts payable under this Guaranty, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents, or to be held as collateral for any amounts payable under this Guaranty thereafter arising. If (i) any Account Party shall make payment to any Bank of all or any amounts payable under this Guaranty, (ii) all amounts payable under this Guaranty shall have been paid in full in cash, and (iii) the Expiration Date shall have occurred, the Banks will, at such Account Party's request and expense, execute and deliver to such Account Party appropriate documents, without recourse and without representation or warranty, necessary to evidence the transfer by subrogation to such Account Party of an interest in the obligations resulting from such payment made by such Account Party pursuant to this Guaranty.
 
7.06 . If acceleration of the time for payment of any amount payable by any Account Party under any of the Loan Documents is stayed upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of such Account Party, all such amounts otherwise subject to acceleration under the terms of this Agreement shall nonetheless be payable by the other Account Parties under this forthwith on demand by the Administrative Agent made at the request of the requisite proportion of the Banks.
Stay of Acceleration
Article VII
 
7.07 . This Guaranty is a continuing guaranty and shall (a) remain in full force and effect until the latest of (i) the payment in full in cash of all amounts payable under this Guaranty and (ii) the Expiration Date, (b) be binding upon each Account Party, its successors and assigns and (c) inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Banks and their successors, transferees and assigns. Without limiting the generality of clause (c) of the immediately preceding sentence, any Bank may assign or otherwise transfer all or any portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, all or any portion of its Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment and the Advances owing to it) to any other Person, and such other Person shall thereupon become vested with all the benefits in respect thereof granted to such Bank herein or otherwise, in each case as and to the extent provided in .
Continuing Guaranty; Assignments
Section 9.07
 
 
 
8.01 . Each Bank (in its capacity as a Bank) hereby appoints and authorizes each Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers and discretion under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to such
Authorization and Action
 
Agent by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. As to any matters not expressly provided for by the Loan Documents, no Agent shall be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act (in the case of the Administrative Agent) or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the instructions of the Required Banks or all the Banks where unanimity is required, and such instructions shall be binding upon all Banks; , , that no Agent shall be required to take any action that exposes such Agent to personal liability or that is contrary to this Agreement or applicable law. The Administrative Agent agrees to give to each Bank prompt notice of each notice given to it by any Account Party pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
provided
however
 
8.02 Neither any Agent nor any of its respective directors, officers, agents or employees shall be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it or them under or in connection with the Loan Documents, except for its or their own gross negligence or willful misconduct. Without limitation of the generality of the foregoing, each Agent: (a) may consult with legal counsel (including counsel for any Loan Party), independent public accountants and other experts selected by it and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts; (b) makes no warranty or representation to any Bank and shall not be responsible to any Bank for any statements, warranties or representations (whether written or oral) made in or in connection with the Loan Documents; (c) shall not have any duty to ascertain or to inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of any Loan Document on the part of any Loan Party or to inspect the property (including the books and records) of any Loan Party; (d) shall not be responsible to any Bank for the due execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of, or the perfection or priority of any lien or security interest created or purported to be created under or in connection with, any Loan Document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto; and (e) shall incur no liability under or in respect of any Loan Document by acting upon any notice, consent, certificate or other instrument or writing (which may be by telegram or telecopy) reasonably believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent by the proper party or parties.
Agents' Reliance, Etc.
 
8.03 . With respect to its LC Commitment Amounts, and the Advances, each Agent shall have the same rights and powers under the Loan Documents as any other Bank and may exercise the same as though it were not an Agent; and the term "Bank" or "Banks" shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated, include each Agent in its individual capacity. Each Agent and its affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as trustee under indentures of, accept investment banking engagements from and generally engage in any kind of business with, any Loan Party, any of its Subsidiaries and any Person that may do business with or own securities of any Loan Party or any such Subsidiary, all as if such Agent were not an Agent and without any duty to account therefor to the Banks.
Agents and Affiliates
 
8.04 . Each Bank acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Bank and based on the financial statements referred to in and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Bank also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other
Bank Credit Decision
Section 4.01
 
Bank and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement.
 
8.05 .
Indemnification
 
(a) Each Bank severally agrees to indemnify each Agent and its officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors and Affiliates (to the extent not promptly reimbursed by the Account Parties) from and against such Bank's ratable share (determined as provided below) of any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever that may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against such Agent or any such other Person in any way relating to or arising out of the Loan Documents or any action taken or omitted by such Agent under the Loan Documents; , , that no Bank shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from such Agent's or other Person's gross negligence or willful misconduct. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Bank agrees to reimburse each Agent promptly upon demand for its ratable share of any costs and expenses (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of counsel) payable by the Account Parties under , to the extent that such Agent is not promptly reimbursed for such costs and expenses by the Account Parties.
provided
however
Section 9.04
 
(b) For purposes of this , the Banks' respective ratable shares of any amount shall be determined, at any time, according to the sum of (i) the aggregate principal amount of the Advances outstanding at such time and owing to the respective Banks, (ii) their respective Pro Rata Shares of the aggregate Available Amounts of all Letters of Credit outstanding at such time and (iii) their respective Unused LC Commitment Amounts at such time. The failure of any Bank to reimburse any Agent promptly upon demand for its ratable share of any amount required to be paid by the Banks to such Agent as provided herein shall not relieve any other Bank of its obligation hereunder to reimburse such Agent for its ratable share of such amount, but no Bank shall be responsible for the failure of any other Bank to reimburse such Agent for such other Bank's ratable share of such amount. Without prejudice to the survival of any other agreement of any Bank hereunder, the agreement and obligations of each Bank contained in this shall survive the payment in full of principal, interest and all other amounts payable hereunder and under the other Loan Documents.
Section 8.05
Section 8.05
 
8.06 . Any Agent may resign at any time by giving written notice thereof to the Banks and the Parent. Upon any such resignation or removal of the Administrative Agent, the Required Banks shall have the right to appoint a successor Administrative Agent, subject (so long as no Event of Default exists) to the consent of the Parent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). If no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed by the Required Banks, and shall have accepted such appointment, within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent's giving of notice of resignation or the Required Banks' removal of the retiring Administrative Agent, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Banks, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which shall be a commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States or of any State thereof and having a combined capital and surplus of at least $250,000,000. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor Administrative Agent such successor Administrative Agent shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers,
Successor Administrative Agent
 
discretion, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents. If within 45 days after written notice is given of the retiring Administrative Agent's resignation or removal under this no successor Administrative Agent shall have been appointed and shall have accepted such appointment, then on such 45
Section 8.06
th
day (i) the retiring Administrative Agent's resignation or removal shall become effective, (ii) the retiring Administrative Agent shall thereupon be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents and (iii) the Required Banks shall thereafter perform all duties of the retiring Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents until such time, if any, as the Required Banks appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided above. After any retiring Agent's resignation or removal hereunder as Agent shall have become effective, the provisions of this shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Agent under this Agreement. If Bank of America ceases to be a Bank hereunder, it shall be deemed to have resigned as Syndication Agent and no replacement shall be appointed.
Article VIII
 
8.07
Collateral Matters
 
(a) The Administrative Agent is authorized on behalf of the Banks, without the necessity of any further notice to or consent from any of the Banks, from time to time to take any action with respect to any Collateral or Security Document that may be necessary or as it may deem to be appropriate to perfect, maintain and protect the security interests in and Liens on the Collateral granted pursuant to the Security Documents.
 
(b) The Banks irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to release any security interest in or Lien on the Collateral held by it pursuant to the Security Documents (i) upon the termination of the Issuing Bank's obligation to issue Letters of Credit hereunder, the payment in full of the Obligations and the satisfaction and termination in full of all other Letter of Credit Outstandings, (ii) that is sold or disposed of as permitted hereunder or any other Loan Document or to which the requisite number or percentage of Banks have consented or (iii) otherwise pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of any applicable Loan Document. Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Banks will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent's authority to release Collateral pursuant to this .
Section 8.07(b)
 
 
 
9.01 No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, nor consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by Wachovia in its capacity as an Issuing Bank and the Required Banks (and, in the case of an amendment, the Parent), and then any such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; , , that no amendment, waiver or consent shall:
Amendments, Etc.
provided
however
 
(a) unless in writing and signed by all of the Banks (other than any Bank that is, at such time, a Defaulting Bank), do any of the following at any time: (i) waive any of
 
the conditions specified in or, in the case of the Effective Date, , (ii) change the number of Banks or the percentage of (x) the LC Commitment Amounts, (y) the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Advances or (z) the aggregate Available Amount of outstanding Letters of Credit that, in each case, shall be required for the Banks or any of them to take any action hereunder, (iii) reduce or limit the obligations of any Account Party under or release such Account Party or otherwise limit such Account Party's liability with respect to the obligations owing to the Agents and the Banks, (iv) amend this or any of the definitions herein that would have such effect, (v) extend the Expiration Date, (vi) limit the liability of any Loan Party under any of the Loan Documents, or (vii) release any of the Collateral if such release would cause the aggregate Collateral Value to be less than the Letter of Credit Outstandings;
Section 3.01
Section 3.02
Section 7.01
Section 9.01
 
(b) unless in writing and signed by each affected Bank, do any of the following at any time: (i) increase the LC Commitment Amounts of the Banks or subject the Banks to any additional obligations, (ii) reduce the principal of, or interest on, any reimbursement obligation or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder, or increase any Bank's LC Commitment Amount, or (iii) postpone any date fixed for any payment of principal of, or interest on, any reimbursement obligation or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder;
 
that no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by an Agent in addition to the Banks required above to take such action, affect the rights or duties of such Agent under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents and no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by an Issuing Bank in addition to the Banks above required to take such action, affect the rights or duties of such Issuing Bank under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents.
provided
further
 
9.02 All notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing (including telegraphic or telecopy communication) and mailed, telegraphed, telecopied or delivered, if to any Account Party, at its address set forth below on the signature pages hereof; if to any Initial Bank, at its Domestic Lending Office specified in its Administrative Questionnaire; if to any other Bank, at its Domestic Lending Office specified in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Bank; if to Wachovia (in its capacity as Issuing Bank) at its address at 401 Linden Street, Mail Code NC-6034, Winston-Salem, North Carolina 27101, Attn: International Operations  Standby Letter of Credit Department, Telecopy No. (336) 735-0952; and if to the Administrative Agent, at its address at Charlotte Plaza Building, 201 South College Street, 8
Notices, Etc.
th
Floor NC0680, Charlotte, North Carolina 28288, Attn: Syndication Agency Services, Telecopy No. (704) 383-0288, with a copy to Mark B. Felker, Managing Director, 301 South College Street, 6
th
Floor NC0760, Charlotte, NC 28288, Telecopy No. (704) 383-7611; or, as to any party, at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties. All such notices and communications shall, when mailed, telegraphed or telecopied, be effective when deposited in the mails, delivered to the telegraph company or transmitted by telecopier, respectively, except that notices and communications to the Administrative Agent pursuant to , or shall not be effective until received by the Administrative Agent. Manual delivery by telecopier of an executed counterpart of any amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or of
Article II
III
VIII
 
any Exhibit hereto to be executed and delivered hereunder shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart thereof.
 
9.03 . No failure on the part of any Bank or any Agent to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.
No Waiver; Remedies
 
9.04 .
Costs and Expenses
 
(a) Each of the Account Parties agrees to pay on demand (i) all reasonable costs and expenses of the Agents, the Joint Lead Arrangers and Wachovia, in its capacity as an Issuing Bank, in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification and amendment of the Loan Documents (including, without limitation, (A) all due diligence, collateral review, syndication, transportation, computer, duplication, appraisal, audit, insurance, consultant, search, filing and recording fees and expenses and (B) the reasonable fees and expenses of a single counsel for the Administrative Agent and Wachovia in its capacity as an Issuing Bank with respect thereto, with respect to advising the Administrative Agent as to its rights and responsibilities, or the perfection, protection or preservation of rights or interests, under the Loan Documents, with respect to negotiations with any Loan Party or with other creditors of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries arising out of any Default or any events or circumstances that may give rise to a Default and with respect to presenting claims in or otherwise participating in or monitoring any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar proceeding involving creditors' rights generally and any proceeding ancillary thereto); and (ii) all reasonable costs and expenses of each Agent, each Issuing Bank and each Bank in connection with the enforcement of the Loan Documents (including, without limitation, in connection with the sale of, collection from, or other realization upon, the Collateral), whether in any action, suit or litigation, or any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar proceeding affecting creditors' rights generally (including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and each Bank with respect thereto).
 
(b) Each of the Account Parties jointly and severally agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Agent, each Joint Lead Arranger, each Issuing Bank, each Bank and each of their Affiliates and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and advisors (each, an "") from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable fees and expenses of counsel) that may be incurred by or asserted or awarded against any Indemnified Party, in each case arising out of or in connection with or by reason of (including, without limitation, in connection with any investigation, litigation or proceeding or preparation of a defense in connection therewith) this Agreement, the actual or proposed use of the proceeds of the Advances, the Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated thereby, except to the extent such claim, damage, loss, liability or expense is found in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnified Party or any of its Affiliates. In the case of an investigation, litigation or other proceeding to which the indemnity in this applies, such indemnity shall be effective whether or not such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by any Loan Party, its directors,
Indemnified Party
Section 9.04(b)
 
shareholders or creditors or an Indemnified Party or any Indemnified Party is otherwise a party thereto and whether or not the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents are consummated. Each of the Account Parties also agrees not to assert any claim against any Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger, any Bank or any of their Affiliates, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, attorneys and agents, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages arising out of or otherwise relating to the credit facilities provided hereunder, the actual or proposed use of the proceeds of the Advances or the Letters of Credit, the Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents.
 
(c) Without prejudice to the survival of any other agreement of any Loan Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document, the agreements and obligations of the Account Parties contained in and this shall survive the payment in full of principal, interest and all other amounts payable hereunder and under any of the other Loan Documents.
Section 2.07
Section 9.04
 
9.05 . Upon (a) the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default and (b) the making of the request or the granting of the consent specified by to authorize the Administrative Agent to declare amounts owing hereunder to be due and payable pursuant to the provisions of , each Agent and each Bank and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and otherwise apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other indebtedness at any time owing by such Agent, such Bank or such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of any Account Party against any and all of the Obligations of such Account Party now or hereafter existing under the Loan Documents, irrespective of whether such Agent or such Bank shall have made any demand under this Agreement and although such Obligations may be unmatured. Each Agent and each Bank agrees promptly to notify each Account Party after any such set-off and application; , , that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. The rights of each Agent and each Bank and their respective Affiliates under this are in addition to other rights and remedies (including, without limitation, other rights of set-off) that such Agent, such Bank and their respective Affiliates may have.
Right of Set-off
Section 6.01
Section 6.01
provided
however
Section 9.05
 
9.06 . This Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by each Account Party, each Issuing Bank and each Agent and the Administrative Agent shall have been notified by each Initial Bank that such Initial Bank has executed it and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each Account Party, each Agent, each Issuing Bank and each Bank and their respective successors and assigns, except that no Account Party shall have the right to assign its rights hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of the Banks.
Binding Effect
 
9.07 .
Assignments and Participations
 
(a) Each Bank may, and so long as no Default shall have occurred and be continuing, if demanded by any Account Party (following a demand by such Bank pursuant to ) upon at least five Business Days notice to such Bank and the Administrative Agent, will, assign
Section 2.12
 
to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, all or a portion of its LC Commitment Amount, its Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment and the Letter of Credit Advances owing to it); , , that (i) each such assignment shall be of a uniform, and not a varying, percentage of all rights and obligations of such Bank hereunder, except for any non-pro rata assignment made by a Downgraded Bank after a request by the Administrative Agent pursuant to (and any subsequent non-pro rata assignment of the interest so assigned or by the Downgraded Bank) and any other non-pro rata assignment approved by the Administrative Agent and any Account Party, (ii) except in the case of an assignment to a Person that, immediately prior to such assignment, was (x) a Bank or an Affiliate of any Bank, the aggregate amount of the LC Commitment Amounts being assigned to such Eligible Assignee pursuant to such assignment (determined as of the date of the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment) shall in no event be less than $1,000,000 unless it is an assignment of the entire amount of such assignor's LC Commitment Amount, or (y) not a Bank or an Affiliate of any Bank, the aggregate amount of the LC Commitment Amounts being assigned to such Eligible Assignee pursuant to such assignment (determined as of the date of the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment) shall in no event be less than $5,000,000 unless it is an assignment of the entire amount of such assignor's LC Commitment Amount, (iii) each such assignment shall be to an Eligible Assignee, (iv) each assignment made as a result of a demand by any Account Party pursuant to shall be arranged by such Account Party after consultation with the Administrative Agent and shall be either an assignment of all of the rights and obligations of the assigning Bank under this Agreement or an assignment of a portion of such rights and obligations made concurrently with another such assignment or other such assignments that together cover all of the rights and obligations of the assigning Bank under this Agreement, (v) no Bank shall be obligated to make any such assignment as a result of a demand by any Account Party pursuant to unless and until such Bank shall have received one or more payments from either such Account Party or other Eligible Assignees in an aggregate amount at least equal to the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Advances made by such Bank, together with accrued interest thereon to the date of payment of such principal amount and all other amounts payable to such Bank under this Agreement, (vi) as a result of such assignment, no Account Party shall be subject to additional amounts under or and (vii) the parties to each such assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent, for its acceptance and recording in the Register, an Assignment and Acceptance, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500.
provided
however
Section 2.14
Section 2.12
Section 2.12
Section 2.06
2.08
 
(b) Upon such execution, delivery, acceptance and recording, from and after the effective date specified in such Assignment and Acceptance, (i) the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned to it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of a Bank, hereunder and (ii) the Bank assignor thereunder shall, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned by it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, relinquish its rights (other than its rights under , and to the extent any claim thereunder relates to an event arising prior to such assignment and any other rights that are expressly provided hereunder to survive) and be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all of the remaining portion of an assigning Bank's rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Bank shall cease to be a party hereto).
Sections 2.06
2.08
9.04
 
(c) By executing and delivering an Assignment and Acceptance, each Bank assignor thereunder and each assignee thereunder confirm to and agree with each other and the other parties thereto and hereto as follows: (i) other than as provided in such Assignment and Acceptance, such assigning Bank makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with any Loan Document or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of, or the perfection or priority of any lien or security interest created or purported to be created under or in connection with, any Loan Document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto; (ii) such assigning Bank makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to the financial condition of any Loan Party or the performance or observance by any Loan Party of any of its obligations under any Loan Document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto; (iii) such assignee confirms that it has received a copy of this Agreement, together with copies of the financial statements referred to in and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into such Assignment and Acceptance; (iv) such assignee will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent, such assigning Bank or any other Bank and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement; (v) such assignee confirms that it is an Eligible Assignee; (vi) such assignee appoints and authorizes each Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers and discretion under the Loan Documents as are delegated to such Agent by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto; and (vii) such assignee agrees that it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations that by the terms of this Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Bank.
Section 4.01
 
(d) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose (but only for this purpose) as the agent of the Account Parties, shall maintain at its address referred to in a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to and accepted by it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Banks and the LC Commitment Amount of, and principal amount of the Advances owing to, each Bank from time to time (the "Register"). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error, and the Account Parties, the Agents and the Banks shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as a Bank hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by any Account Party or any Agent or any Bank at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.
Section 9.02
 
(e) Upon its receipt of an Assignment and Acceptance executed by an assigning Bank and an assignee, the Administrative Agent shall, if such Assignment and Acceptance has been completed and is in substantially the form of hereto, (i) accept such Assignment and Acceptance, (ii) record the information contained therein in the Register and (iii) give prompt notice thereof to the Parent and to the parties to such Assignment and Acceptance.
Exhibit A
 
(f) Each Bank may sell participations to one or more Persons (other than any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates) in or to all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, all or a portion of its LC Commitment Amount, its Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment and the Advances owing to it; ,
provided
 
, that (i) such Bank's obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, its Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment) shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Bank shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, (iii) the Account Parties, the Agents and the other Banks shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Bank in connection with such Bank's rights and obligations under this Agreement and (iv) no participant under any such participation shall have any right to approve any amendment or waiver of any provision of any Loan Document, or any consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, except to the extent that such amendment, waiver or consent would reduce the principal of, or interest on, reimbursement obligations or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder, in each case to the extent subject to such participation, postpone any date fixed for any payment of principal of, or interest on, the reimbursement obligations or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder, in each case to the extent subject to such participation. Each Bank shall, as agent of the Account Parties solely for the purposes of this , record in book entries maintained by such Bank, the name and amount of the participating interest of each Person entitled to receive payments in respect of any participating interests sold pursuant to this .
however
Section 9.07
Section 9.07
 
(g) Any Bank may, in connection with any assignment or participation or proposed assignment or participation pursuant to this , disclose to the assignee or participant or proposed assignee or participant any information relating to any Account Party furnished to such Bank by or on behalf of any Account Party; , however, that, prior to any such disclosure, the assignee or participant or proposed assignee or participant shall agree to preserve the confidentiality of any Confidential Information received by it from such Bank.
Section 9.07
provided
 
(h) Notwithstanding any other provision set forth in this Agreement, any Bank may at any time create a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including, without limitation, the Advances owing to it) in favor of any Federal Reserve Bank in accordance with Regulation A of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.
 
9.08 . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by telecopier shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement.
Execution in Counterparts
 
9.09 . Each Account Party assumes all risks of the acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee of any Letter of Credit with respect to its use of such Letter of Credit. Neither an Issuing Bank nor any of its officers, directors, employees or agents shall be liable or responsible for: (a) the use that may be made of any Letter of Credit or any acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee in connection therewith; (b) the validity, sufficiency or genuineness of documents, or of any endorsement thereon, even if such documents should prove to be in any or all respects invalid, insufficient, fraudulent or forged; (c) payment by such Issuing Bank against presentation of documents that do not strictly comply with the terms of a Letter of Credit, including failure of any documents to bear any reference or adequate reference to the Letter of Credit; or (d) any other circumstances whatsoever in making or failing to make payment under any Letter of Credit, except that such Account Party shall have a claim
No Liability of the Issuing Banks
 
against such Issuing Bank, and such Issuing Bank shall be liable to such Account Party, to the extent of any direct, but not consequential, damages suffered by such Account Party that such Account Party proves were caused by (i) such Issuing Bank's willful misconduct or gross negligence as determined in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction in determining whether documents presented under any Letter of Credit comply with the terms of the Letter of Credit or (ii) such Issuing Bank's willful failure to make lawful payment under a Letter of Credit after the presentation to it of a draft and certificates strictly complying with the terms and conditions of the Letter of Credit. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the Issuing Banks may accept documents that appear on their face to be in order, without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary.
 
9.10 . Neither any Agent nor any Bank shall disclose any Confidential Information to any Person without the consent of the Parent, other than (a) to such Agent's or such Bank's Affiliates and their officers, directors, employees, agents and advisors and to actual or prospective Eligible Assignees and participants, and then only on a confidential basis, (b) as required by any law, rule or regulation or judicial process, (c) as requested or required by any state, federal or foreign authority or examiner regulating such Bank or pursuant to any request of any self-regulatory body having or claiming authority to regulate or oversee any aspect of a Bank's business of that of any of its Affiliates and (d) to any rating agency when required by it, that, prior to any such disclosure, such rating agency shall undertake to preserve the confidentiality of any Confidential Information relating to the Loan Parties received by it from such Bank. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the information subject to this shall not include, and the Administrative Agent and each Bank may disclose to any and all Persons, without limitation of any kind, any information with respect to the "tax treatment" and "tax structure" (in each case, within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4) of the transactions contemplated hereby or by any of the other Loan Documents and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to the Administrative Agent or such Bank relating to such tax treatment and tax structure (it being understood that this authorization is retroactively effective to the commencement of the first discussions between or among any of the parties regarding the transactions contemplated hereby or by any of the other Loan Documents); that with respect to any document or similar item that in either case contains information concerning such tax treatment or tax structure as well as other information, this sentence shall only apply to such portions of the document or similar item that relate to such tax treatment or tax structure.
Confidentiality
provided
Section 9.10
provided
 
9.11 .
Jurisdiction, Etc
 
(a) Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of any New York State court or federal court of the United States of America sitting in New York City, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in any such New York State court or, to the extent permitted by law, in such federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be
 
enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement shall affect any right that any party may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents in the courts of any jurisdiction.
 
(b) Each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to which it is a party in any New York State or federal court. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.
 
(c) Each of the Account Parties hereby irrevocably appoints Mayer, Brown, Rowe & Maw LLP, with offices on the Effective Date at 1675 Broadway, New York, New York, 10019, USA as its agent to receive, accept and acknowledge for and on its behalf services of any and all legal process, summons, notices and documents which may be served in any such action or proceeding. If for any reason such agent shall cease to be available to act as such, the Account Parties agree to promptly designate a new agent satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, to receive, accept and acknowledge for and on its behalf service of any and all legal process, summons, notices and documents which may be served in any such action or proceeding pursuant to the terms of this . In the event that any Borrower shall fail to designate such new agent, service of process in any such action or proceeding may be made on such Account Party by the mailing of copies thereof by express or overnight mail or courier, postage prepaid, to such Account Party at its address set forth opposite its signature below.
Section 9.11
 
9.12 . This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.
Governing Law
 
9.13 . Each of the Account Parties, the Agents and the Banks irrevocably waives all right to trial by jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim (whether based on contract, tort or otherwise) arising out of or relating to any of the Loan Documents, the Advances or the actions of any Agent or any Bank in the negotiation, administration, performance or enforcement thereof.
Waiver of Jury Trial
 
9.14 . Each Account Party agrees and consents to the Administrative Agent's disclosure of information relating to this transaction to and other similar bank trade publications. Such information will consist of deal terms and other information customarily found in such publications. The Parent shall have the right to review and approve any such disclosure made by the Administrative Agent before such disclosure is made (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld).
Disclosure of Information
Gold Sheets
 
9.15 . Upon the Effective Date, (i) the Existing Reimbursement Agreement shall be deemed amended and restated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, (ii) all Liens and security interests granted under the security documents executed in connection with the Existing Reimbursement Agreement shall continue and be in full
Certain Effective Date Matters
 
force and effect in accordance with the terms of the Security Documents, and (iii) any bank or financial institution party to the Existing Reimbursement Agreement that is not a Bank under this Agreement shall be released from all of its obligations under the Existing Reimbursement Agreement and shall have no obligations under this Agreement.
 
9.16 . The terms and conditions of the Existing Reimbursement Agreement are amended as set forth in, and restated in their entirety and superseded by, this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to be a novation of any of the obligations and liabilities existing under the Existing Reimbursement Agreement. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or instrument executed in connection herewith, the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the incurrence of Obligations hereunder shall be in substitution for, but not in payment of, the obligations and liabilities owed by the Borrower under the Existing Reimbursement Agreement. From and after the Closing Date, each reference to the "Agreement", "Reimbursement Agreement" or other reference originally applicable to the Existing Reimbursement Agreement contained in any Loan Document shall be a reference to this Agreement, as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time.
No Novation
 
 
 
, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 
 
Signature Page to Secured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Secured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Secured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Secured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Secured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Secured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Secured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Secured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Secured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Secured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Secured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Secured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Secured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Secured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Secured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Secured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Secured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Secured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Secured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Secured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Secured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Secured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
Signature Page to Secured Reimbursement Agreement
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In order to be included in the calculation of aggregate Collateral Value (in addition to other requirements set forth in the Reimbursement Agreement and this Schedule), investments shall satisfy each of the criteria (including as to rating) under one of the categories listed below. In addition, the following conditions shall apply:
 
1. No portion of the Collateral (other than U.S. Government Securities) consisting of securities of a single issuer shall exceed 10% of the Collateral Value at any time.
 
2. No security shall be included in the calculation of aggregate Collateral Value unless it is listed on a national securities exchange or freely tradeable at readily established prices in over-the-counter transactions.
 
3. For purposes of this Schedule and each Collateral Value Report, all maturities are calculated from the relevant date of determination of the Collateral Value.
 
4. For purposes of calculating the average rating of the Collateral included in the calculation of the aggregate Collateral Value, (a) Moody's ratings shall be converted to their respective S&P equivalents in accordance with established practice, and (b) commercial paper rated "A2" shall be deemed to be rated "A."
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE dated as of , 20 between (the "") and (the ""), and [consented to and] accepted by Wachovia Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (the "")[, and ACE Limited (the "")].
                    
        
                    
Assignor
                    
Assignee
Administrative Agent
Parent
 
 
WHEREAS, this Assignment and Acceptance (the "") relates to the Amended and Restated Reimbursement Agreement dated as of July 1, 2005 among the Parent and other Account Parties party thereto, the Assignor and the other Banks party thereto, the Syndication Agent party thereto and the Administrative Agent, providing for a $500,000,000 secured letter of credit facility for the benefit of the Account Parties (as amended or otherwise modified from time to time, the "");
Agreement
Reimbursement Agreement
 
WHEREAS, as provided under the Reimbursement Agreement, the Assignor has a commitment to participate in Letters of Credit and make Letter of Credit Advances to the Account Parties in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed $;
                    
 
WHEREAS, Letters of Credit with a total amount available for drawing thereunder of $ are outstanding at the date hereof;
                    
 
WHEREAS, Letter of Credit Advances made to the Account Parties by the Assignor under the Reimbursement Agreement in the aggregate principal amount of $ are outstanding at the date hereof; and
                    
 
WHEREAS, the Assignor proposes to assign to the Assignee all of the rights of the Assignor under the Reimbursement Agreement and the other Loan Documents in respect of a portion of its LC Commitment Amount thereunder in an amount equal to $ (the ""), together with a corresponding portion of its outstanding Letter of Credit Participating Interest, Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment, LC Participation Obligations, Letter of Credit Exposure, and Letter of Credit Advances, if any, and the Assignee proposes to accept assignment of such rights and assume the corresponding obligations from the Assignor on such terms.
                    
Assigned Amount
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:
 
1. . All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Reimbursement Agreement.
Definitions
 
2. . The Assignor hereby assigns and sells to the Assignee all of the rights of the Assignor under the Reimbursement Agreement and the other Loan Documents to the extent of the Assigned Amount, and the Assignee hereby accepts such assignment from the Assignor and assumes all of the obligations of the Assignor under the Reimbursement Agreement to the extent of the Assigned Amount, including the outstanding Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment and Letter of Credit Exposure, and the amount of the Letter of Credit Advances, if any, outstanding at the date hereof. Upon the execution and delivery hereof by the Assignor, the Assignee[, the Administrative Agent and the Parent] and the payment of the amounts specified in Section 3 required to be paid on the date hereof (i) the Assignee shall, as of the date hereof, succeed to the rights and be obligated to perform the obligations of a Bank under the Reimbursement Agreement with an LC Commitment Amount (in addition to any LC Commitment Amount theretofore held by it) equal to the Assigned Amount, and (ii) the LC Commitment Amount of the Assignor shall, as of the date hereof, be reduced by a like amount and the Assignor shall be released from its obligations under the Reimbursement Agreement to the extent such obligations have been assumed by the Assignee. The assignment provided for herein shall be without recourse to the Assignor.
Assignment
 
3. . As consideration for the assignment and sale contemplated in Section 2 hereof, the Assignee shall pay to the Assignor on the date hereof the amount heretofore agreed between them.
Payments
1
It is understood that commitment and Letter of Credit fees accrued to the date hereof in respect of the Assigned Amount are for the account of the Assignor and such fees accruing from and including the date hereof are for the account of the Assignee. Each of the Assignor and the Assignee hereby agrees that if it receives any amount under the Reimbursement Agreement which is for the account of the other party hereto, it shall receive the same for the account of such other party to the extent of such other party's interest therein and shall promptly pay the same to such other party.
 
4. . Pursuant to the Reimbursement Agreement, this Agreement is conditioned upon the consent of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing, the Parent. The execution of this Agreement by the Administrative Agent and, if applicable, the Parent is evidence of this consent.]
[Consent of the Administrative Agent and the Parent
 
5. . The Assignor makes no representation or warranty in connection with, and shall have no responsibility with respect to, the solvency, financial condition or statements of the Account Parties or any of their respective Subsidiaries, or the validity and enforceability of the obligations of the Account Parties or any of their respective Subsidiaries in respect of any Loan Document. The Assignee acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance on the Assignor, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement and will continue to be responsible for making its own independent appraisal of the business, affairs and financial condition of the Account Parties and their respective Subsidiaries.
Non-Reliance on Assignor
 
6. . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.
Governing Law
 
7. . This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument.
Counterparts
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered by their duly authorized officers as of the date first above written.
 
 
 
 
 
, 200
                    
    
 
Wachovia Bank, National Association,
as Administrative Agent
Charlotte Plaza Building
201 South College Street, 8
th
Floor NC0680
Charlotte, North Carolina 28288
Attn: Syndication Agency Services
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
 
Reference is made to the Amended and Restated Reimbursement Agreement dated as of July 1, 2005 among ACE Limited, ACE Bermuda Insurance Ltd., ACE Tempest Life Reinsurance Ltd. and ACE Tempest Reinsurance Ltd., as Account Parties, the Banks party thereto, and Wachovia Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent (as amended or otherwise modified from time to time, the ""). Terms defined in the Reimbursement Agreement are, unless otherwise defined herein or the context otherwise requires, used herein as defined therein.
Reimbursement Agreement
 
This Collateral Value Report is delivered pursuant to Section 2.17(b)of the Reimbursement Agreement. The date of this Collateral Value Report is , 20 (the ""). Set forth below is the Collateral Value of the Collateral and certain other information required by Section 2.17(b) of the Reimbursement Agreement as of , 20 (the ""), calculated in accordance with the definition of Collateral Value contained in the Reimbursement Agreement and the other provisions of the Agreement (including Schedule III to the Reimbursement Agreement):
                    
    
Report Date
                    
    
Valuation Date
 
 
 
 
 
Ratio of Aggregate Collateral Value to Letter of Credit Outstandings:
                    
 
The Parent certifies that the foregoing information correctly sets forth the Collateral Value (in the aggregate and for each category of Collateral) and the Letter of Credit Outstandings as of the Valuation Date, that the Letter of Credit Outstandings do not exceed the aggregate Collateral Value as of the Valuation Date, and that nothing has come to the attention of the undersigned to cause the undersigned to believe that the Letter of Credit Outstandings exceed the aggregate Collateral Value as of the Report Date.
 
 
 
 
 
, 200
                    
    
 
Wachovia Bank, National Association
as Administrative Agent
Charlotte Plaza Building
201 South College Street, 8
th
Floor NC0680
Charlotte, North Carolina 28288
Attn: Syndication Agency Services
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
 
Reference is made to the Control Agreement (as amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time, the "Control Agreement"), dated as of , 2005, among the undersigned, State Street Bank and Trust Company, as Custodian (in such capacity, the "Custodian"), and Wachovia Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (in such capacity, together with any successor in such capacity, the "Administrative Agent"). Terms defined in the Control Agreement are, unless otherwise defined herein or the context otherwise requires, used herein as defined therein.
                    
 
We refer to the notification received from the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.03(a)of the Reimbursement Agreement that requires us to make on the date of this letter a reimbursement payment (the "") with respect to a drawing under a Letter of Credit (as defined in the Reimbursement Agreement) issued under the Reimbursement Agreement. Pursuant to this notification and inasmuch as the Required Payment has not been made, we hereby irrevocably authorize and direct you to liquidate and receive the proceeds of Collateral (as defined in the Reimbursement Agreement) in an amount equal to the Required Payment plus interest thereon as provided in the Reimbursement Agreement.
Required Payment
 
We further irrevocably authorize and direct you to deliver this letter to the Custodian or any other person or entity (and we agree that the Custodian and any such other person or entity may rely hereon and is hereby irrevocably authorized and instructed to act in reliance hereon without further consent or authorization from us or any other Account Party) as you may deem to be appropriate to give effect to the authorization and direction contained herein.
 
Very truly yours,
 
for and on behalf of
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20050721112700.txt.gz
TIME:20050721112700
EVENTS:	Non-Reliance on Previously Issued Financial Statements or a Related Audit Report or Completed Interim Review	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Non-Reliance on Previously Issued Financial Statements or a Related Audit Report or Completed Interim Review
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
Item 4.02. Non-Reliance on Previously Issued Financial Statement or a Related Audit Report or Completed Interim Review.
 
Based on the results of its independent investigation with respect to non-traditional or "finite risk" reinsurance agreement, ACE Limited ("ACE") has decided to amend and restate its financial results for the years 2000 through 2004, as well as its results for each of the quarters in the years 2003 and 2004, and for the first quarter of 2005. The primary purpose of the restatement is to correct the accounting treatment for eight transactions in the "non-traditional products" or "finite risk" category. ACE's decision to make this restatement was based on the results of the Company's independent investigation and an internal re-evaluation of the accounting for certain transactions. ACE has also included in the restatement correction of certain unrelated errors of an immaterial nature.
 
The estimated cumulative impact of the restatement through the first quarter of 2005 is an increase in shareholders' equity of approximately $1.0 million. The cumulative effect of the restatement for certain finite contracts as of the first quarter of 2005 is to increase shareholders' equity by $13 million. The cumulative effect of the other unrelated corrections is to decrease shareholders' equity by approximately $12 million. Additional detail pertaining to restated items year-by-year is provided in the table below. These estimates represent ACE's best current estimates of the effects of the restatement.
 
 
 
and the tax effect of net realized gains (losses) is a common performance measurement. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities.
Income excluding net realized gains (losses)
is shareholders' equity less goodwill.
Tangible shareholder's equity
 
The following is a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures:
 
 
 
 
ACE will file a Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2004 during August 2005 reflecting these adjustments and their impact on disclosures as applicable for the years 2000-2004. The notes to the audited financial statements in the Form 10-K/A will reflect restatements for each of the quarters in the two years ended December 31, 2004. The Form 10-K/A will also include an updated management's assessment of internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2004. ACE will also file a Form 10-Q/A for the three months ended March 31, 2005 reflecting these adjustments.
 
As a result of the foregoing restatement, ACE's original financial statements and related independent registered public accountants' reports thereon for those periods should no longer be relied upon.
 
Background
 
As previously reported, ACE and its subsidiaries have received numerous subpoenas, interrogatories and civil investigative demands in connection with the ongoing industry wide investigations of insurance business practices and non-traditional or loss mitigation insurance products, often referred to as "finite risk reinsurance." An independent investigation into these products, under the direction of the Audit Committee of ACE's Board of Directors, reviewed finite risk contracts to which ACE subsidiaries were a party. ACE itself also re-evaluated the accounting of certain transactions. The investigation has not identified any instances of inappropriate conduct by current senior management of the company or by members of the Board of Directors. The investigation is continuing and is expected to be concluded by the time of the restatement.
 
As a result of this investigation and the re-evaluation, ACE believes that eight finite risk contracts were accounted for in an incorrect manner. Of these, seven did not meet the applicable risk transfer requirements of FAS 113, and should have been recorded as deposits. The remaining contract was an inter-company agreement which was not properly eliminated in consolidation. Each of these eight contracts originated prior to 2002. Two of them remain in effect; six are no longer in effect. Of the eight contracts, three involved ACE as buyer, three involved ACE as seller and two were between wholly-owned subsidiaries of ACE Limited.
"Accounting and Reporting for Reinsurance of Short-Duration and Long-Duration Contracts,"
 
Some of the contracts being restated involved written or oral agreements, understandings or discussions pertaining to risk expectations that were not factored into the accounting treatment at the time of origination. In certain instances, agreements of this sort reduced or eliminated the anticipated risk transfer upon which the original accounting was based and resulted in the present restatement.
 
Based on these determinations, ACE's management recommended to the Audit Committee of ACE's Board of Directors that adjustments be made to correct the accounting treatment of these reinsurance arrangements. After conferring with ACE's management and discussing the matter with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, on July 18, 2005, ACE's Audit Committee heard and adopted that recommendation and the Board of Directors accepted the recommendation and authorized the restatement.
 
ACE believes that it has established appropriate internal controls, both before and during the course of the investigation, to address these issues. These controls include the prohibition of so-called "buy-side" finite risk contract acquisition without approval of the chief executive officer of ACE Limited, and the issuance of extensive guidelines and restrictions pertaining to the accounting for and marketing of so-called "sell- side" finite risk contracts.
The adjustments reflected in the restatement will also include the correction of certain unrelated entries that should have been recorded in the periods being restated. These relate to errors identified in the accounting for certain deferred compensation plans and immaterial adjustments made in prior quarters.
 
It is possible that at the time of the restatement ACE will include other items or additional finite risk contracts. In addition, further restatements of ACE's financial results are also possible.
 
Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
 
The following exhibit is filed as part of this report:
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: July 21, 2005
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 
 
 
HAMILTON, Bermuda  July 21, 2005  ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today is filing a Form 8-K announcing that it is restating its financial results for the years 2000 through 2004, as well as its results for each of the quarters in the years 2003 and 2004, and for the first quarter of 2005. The primary purpose of the restatement is to correct the accounting treatment for eight transactions in the "non-traditional products" or "finite risk" category. ACE's decision to make this restatement was based on the results of the Company's independent investigation and an internal re-evaluation of the accounting for certain transactions. ACE has also included in the restatement correction of certain unrelated errors of an immaterial nature.
 
The estimated cumulative impact of the restatement through the first quarter of 2005 is an increase in shareholders' equity of approximately $1.0 million. The cumulative effect of the restatement for certain finite contracts as of the first quarter of 2005 is to increase shareholders' equity by $13 million. The cumulative effect of the other unrelated corrections is to decrease shareholders' equity by approximately $12 million. Additional detail pertaining to restated items year-by-year is provided in the table below. These estimates represent ACE's best current estimates of the effects of the restatement.
ACE will file a Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2004 during August 2005 reflecting these adjustments and their impact on disclosures as applicable for the years 2000-2004. The notes to the audited financial statements in the Form 10-K/A will reflect restatements for each of the quarters in the two years ended December 31, 2004. ACE will also file a Form 10-Q/A for the three months ended March 31, 2005 reflecting these adjustments.
 
As previously reported, ACE and its subsidiaries have received numerous subpoenas, interrogatories and civil investigative demands in connection with the ongoing industry wide investigations of insurance business practices and non-traditional or loss mitigation insurance products, often referred to as "finite risk reinsurance." An independent investigation into these products, under the direction of the Audit Committee of ACE's Board of Directors, reviewed finite risk contracts to which ACE subsidiaries were a party. ACE itself also re-evaluated the accounting of certain transactions. The investigation has not identified any instances of inappropriate conduct by current senior management of the company or by members of the Board of Directors.
 
As a result of this investigation and the re-evaluation, ACE believes that eight finite risk contracts were accounted for in an incorrect manner. Of these, seven did not meet the applicable risk transfer requirements of FAS 113, and should have been recorded as deposits. The remaining contract was an inter-company agreement which was not properly eliminated in consolidation. Each of these eight contracts originated prior to 2002. Two of them remain in effect; six are no longer in effect. Of the eight contracts, three involved ACE as buyer, three involved ACE as seller and two were between wholly-owned subsidiaries of ACE Limited.
"Accounting and Reporting for Reinsurance of Short-Duration and Long-Duration Contracts,"
 
Some of the contracts being restated involved written or oral agreements, understandings or discussions pertaining to risk expectations that were not factored into the accounting treatment at the time of origination. In certain instances, agreements of this sort reduced or eliminated the anticipated risk transfer upon which the original accounting was based and resulted in the present restatement.
 
ACE believes that it has established appropriate internal controls, both before and during the course of the investigation, to address these issues. These controls include the prohibition of so-called "buy-side" finite risk contract acquisition without approval of the chief executive officer of ACE Limited, and the issuance of extensive guidelines and restrictions pertaining to the accounting for and marketing of so-called "sell- side" finite risk contracts.
The adjustments reflected in the restatement will also include the correction of certain unrelated entries that should have been recorded in the periods being restated. These relate to errors identified in the accounting for certain deferred compensation plans and immaterial adjustments made in prior quarters.
 
Evan Greenberg, President and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, said, "The Company engaged independent counsel to review our finite book of business in response to the industry wide review of finite risk reinsurance by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the United States Attorney, the New York Attorney General and various state regulators. The investigation, which included both independent counsel and accounting experts, reviewed over 100 finite risk transactions and raised questions about the accounting for a number of transactions. In addition, our own accounting and actuarial staff took a fresh look at many transactions. The restatement we are announcing is the result of a process that has been both impartial and rigorous. It reflects management's best judgment about proper accounting based on the information we have gathered.
 
"We have found accounting problems on a number of transactions and we regret that. We are fixing those problems. We have also put in place strict procedures to assure that this does not happen again.
 
"We have shared the results of our independent investigation with the authorities as those results have emerged. The governmental investigations will continue, however, and we will continue to respond to all appropriate regulatory inquiries. ACE's own investigation is continuing as well and we expect it to be concluded by the time of the restatement."
 
It is possible that at the time of the restatement ACE will include other items or additional finite risk contracts. In addition, further restatements of ACE's financial results are also possible.
 
ACE will host a conference call and webcast to discuss these matters today, Thursday, July 21, 2005 beginning at 12:00 p.m. EDT. This conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 888-889-5602 (within the United States) or 973-582-2734 (international). Please refer to the ACE Limited website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available from Thursday, July 21, 2005 until Thursday, August 4, 2005. To listen to the replay dial 877-519-4471 (in the United States) or 973-341-3080 (international); passcode 6286659.
www.acelimited.com
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, a component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, the ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acelimited.com
 
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:
 
Any forward-looking statements made in this press release reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements could be affected by actions taken or positions asserted by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the New York Attorney General or the U.S. Department of Justice, additional findings arising in connection with the Company's internal investigation, possible internal control failures, human error, competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative and other governmental developments, litigation tactics, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, actual market developments, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
and the tax effect of net realized gains (losses) is a common performance measurement. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities.
Income excluding net realized gains (losses)
is shareholders' equity less goodwill.
Tangible shareholder's equity


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20050725214433.txt.gz
TIME:20050725214433
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02. Results of Operations and Financial Condition
 
On July 25, 2005, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its second quarter 2005 results and the availability of its second quarter financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
Item 9.01. Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: July 25, 2005
 

EXHIBIT 99.1
 
 
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported net income for the second quarter ended June 30, 2005 of $467 million or $1.58 per ordinary share after payment of preferred dividends, compared with net income of $423 million or $1.44 per share for the same quarter last year. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) after tax for the second quarter was $443 million, or $1.50 per share, compared with $391 million or $1.33 per share for the same quarter a year ago.
HAMILTON, Bermuda  July 25, 2005
(1)
 
 
Net income for the first six months of 2005 was $904 million or $3.06 per share, compared with $877 million or $3.00 per share for the first six months of 2004. For the first six months of 2005, income excluding net realized gains (losses) after tax was $898 million or $3.04 per share, compared with $809 million or $2.76 per share for the same period of 2004.
(1)
 
Page 1/6
 
 
Evan Greenberg, President and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "This was an excellent quarter for ACE, highlighted by record net income and strong operating income. Shareholders' equity exceeded $10 billion  a milestone  and reflects our continued and growing balance sheet strength. The quality of our earnings was excellent, with P&C underwriting income and investment income each contributing approximately 50 percent to our operating income for the quarter. Revenue growth slowed in line with market conditions. We are maintaining discipline, and our growth reflects that."
 
Second quarter operating highlights were as follows:
 
 
Financial results for the quarter by business segment compared with prior year's results follow. Further details are available in the financial supplement. Key items include:
 
 
 
 
 
All amounts included herein for prior periods have been adjusted to reflect the previously reported restatements.
 
Please refer to the ACE Financial Supplement June 30, 2005, which is posted on the Company's website, for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on
 
Page 2/6
reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, investment portfolio and capital structure. ACE's website reference (url) is . (Due to the length of this URL, it may be necessary to copy and paste this hyperlink into your Internet browser's URL address field.)
http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/nys/ace/reports/fin_supp_june_30_2005.xls
 
ACE will host its second quarter 2005 earnings conference call and webcast on Tuesday, July 26, 2005 beginning at 8:30 a.m. EDT. The earnings conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at www.acelimited.com or by dialing 888-889-5602 (within the United States) or 973-582-2734 (international). Please refer to the ACE Limited website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available from Tuesday, July 26, 2005 until Friday, August 26, 2005. To listen to the replay dial 877-519-4471 (in the United States) or 973-341-3080 (international); passcode 5826870.
 
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, a component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, the ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: www.acelimited.com.
1
Non-GAAP Financial Measures:
and the tax effect of net realized gains (losses) is a common performance measurement. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities.
Operating Income or Income excluding net realized gains (losses)
is calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, life and annuity benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting income and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including net investment income, other (income) expense, interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses). We believe the use of these measures enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
Underwriting income
is shareholders' equity less goodwill. See reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measure on page 27 in the financial supplement.
Tangible shareholder's equity
 
These measures should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
2
Calculated using income excluding net realized gains (losses).
 
3
Diluted book value per ordinary share is ordinary shareholders' equity and net proceeds from assumed conversions of outstanding in-the-money options divided by the sum of shares outstanding and the number of options assumed issued.
 
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:
 
Any forward-looking statements made in this press release reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements, such as its statements regarding growth, could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, internal investigation developments, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, actual market developments, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
Page 3/6
 
Page 4/6
 
 
Ratios exclude life reinsurance business
 
Page 5/6
 
 
* Includes both property and casualty reinsurance and life reinsurance
 
 
Page 6/6

Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance - Property & Casualty
 
 
 
Financial Services
 
 
 
Financial Services
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
 
 
At March 31, 2005, $6.5 billion of the active operations' recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 93.7% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies. The Company held collateral of $2.8 billion, of which $1.5 billion was matched and usable against existing recoverables.
 
 
 
 
At March 31, 2005, $10.6 billion of consolidated recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 94.5% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies.
 
 
 
 
Detail on Reinsurance Recoverable on Paid Losses and Loss Expenses
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
 
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations; however, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of book value per share to diluted book value per ordinary share is provided on page 28.
 
In presenting our segment operating results we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, life and annuity benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses).
 
The following non-GAAP measure is a common performance measurement and is defined as income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) and the tax expense on net realized gains (losses). We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part, according to the availability of market opportunities. We believe these amounts are largely independent of our business and including them would distort the analysis of trends. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Ordinary Share to Diluted Book Value per Ordinary Share
 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 
 
 
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) less perpetual preferred securities divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity for the period. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio for the property and casualty and financial services operations. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity and net proceeds from assumed conversions of outstanding in-the-money options divided by the sum of shares outstanding and the number of options assumed issued.
Diluted book value per ordinary share:
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity and net proceeds from assumed conversions of outstanding in-the-money options less goodwill divided by the sum of shares outstanding and the number of options assumed issued.
Diluted tangible book value per ordinary share:
 
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses).
Effective tax rate:
 
Unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity.
FAS 115:
 
Net premium earned and net investment income less future policy benefits, acquisition costs and administrative expenses.
Life underwriting income:
 
Not meaningful.
NM:
 
Shareholders' equity less perpetual preferred shares.
Ordinary shareholders' equity:
 
Property and casualty.
P & C:
 
Loss and loss expense ratios, policy acquisition cost ratios and administrative expense ratios excluding life reinsurance business and financial services segment. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Property and casualty combined ratios:
 
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) less perpetual preferred securities divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity.
Return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
Shareholders' equity less goodwill.
Tangible equity:
 
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, perpetual preferred shares and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 
Year to date.
YTD:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20050825143620.txt.gz
TIME:20050825143620
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):
[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17CFR230.425)
[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act     (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
[ ]
[ ]
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act     (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)
 
Item 1.01  Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.
    ACE Limited has revised its directors compensation to increase the annual retainer to $170,000, payable in the form of restricted stock units having a fair market value, based on the value of the Company's Ordinary Shares, of $100,000, with $70,000 payable in cash.  In addition, Board members may be paid a fee for attendance at special meetings, at the discretion of the Chairman of the Board and the Lead Director, which fee will be $2,000 for  telephonic meetings and $3,000 for in person meetings.  The increase in the annual retainer will be paid in cash for the current plan year except in the case of directors who have previously elected to receive all of their compensation (other than for special meetings) in the form of stock units.  See the summary of director compensation which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 hereto.
Item 9.01   Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits.
                   (c) Exhibits
                   Exhibit                           
Number
Description
                  10.1                Summary of director compensation*
                                                    *Management Contract or Compensation Plan
 
 
    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
DATE:   August 25, 2005

EXHIBIT 10.1
Director Compensation
Under the ACE Limited 2004 Long-Term Incentive Plan, director compensation, non-management directors receive $170,000 per year for their service as directors. The Company pays 60% of this fee in the form of restricted stock units having a fair market value, based on the value of the Company's Ordinary Shares, of $100,000. These stock units are awarded at the annual general meeting and will vest at the next annual general meeting. The remaining $70,000 of the annual fee to directors is paid in cash quarterly, following the general meeting. Committee chairmen receive committee chair retainers as follows: Audit-$20,000; Compensation-$10,000; and other-$5,000. The Lead Director receives a retainer of $15,000, which is in addition to any retainer received as a committee chairman. All members of the Audit Committee, other than the chairman, receive a premium of $10,000 per year and all members of the Compensation Committee, other than the chairman, $5,000 per year. Directors are not paid fees for attending regular Board or committee meetings, but,  at the discretion of the Chairman of the Board and the Lead Director, may be paid an additional $2,000 fee for each special meeting attended by telephone and $3,000 for each special meeting attended in person. The premiums for committee chairmanships, Lead Director, Audit or Compensation Committee service and special Board meeting fees are paid quarterly in cash. Directors may elect to receive all of their compensation (other than for special meetings) in the form of stock units issued on an annual basis. Ordinary Shares will be issued for stock units six months after a director's termination from the Board. Until such Ordinary Shares are issued, the stock units awarded to directors may not be sold or transferred. When the Company pays dividends on its stock, it will issue stock units to directors equivalent in value to the dividend payments that they would have received if they held stock rather than stock units.
In addition to the above described compensation, the Company has a matching contribution program for non-management directors pursuant to which the Company will match director charitable contributions to registered charities, churches or schools up to a maximum of $10,000 per year, with a $5,000 maximum per organization.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20050913110209.txt.gz
TIME:20050913110209
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 8.01 Other Events.
 
On September 12, 2005, ACE Limited issued a press release with comments on the impact of Hurricane Katrina. The press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: September 12, 2005
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 
 
HAMILTON, Bermuda  September 12, 2005  ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) released the following statement today from ACE Limited President & Chief Executive Officer Evan Greenberg:
 
"Hurricane Katrina, the category 4 storm that struck the Gulf Coast of the United States on August 29, and the flooding caused by the failure of the levee system in New Orleans have produced losses on an unprecedented scale. The human suffering and economic damage are staggering, and our hearts go out to all those who have been directly affected. Due to the size and complexity of the storm and flooding, total covered losses for the insurance industry remain hard to predict, although it is clear that losses will be widespread and affect all areas of the industry. ACE will not know exact losses with certainty for some time to come. However, at this time, preliminary estimates indicate that total net losses for the entire ACE Group of Companies will be approximately $450 million to $550 million after-tax."
 
On Friday, September 2, ACE announced to its employees the creation of the ACE Hurricane Katrina Relief Fund, which will accept contributions from all ACE employees around the world and match those contributions at a rate of 100%. Additionally, the Company will make a $1 million contribution to the Fund.
 
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, a component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, the ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acelimited.com
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:
 
Any forward-looking statements made in this press release reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. Among other things, the forward-looking statements concerning the impact of Hurricane Katrina could be affected by the number of insureds and ceding companies affected by the hurricane, the amount and timing of losses actually incurred and reported by insureds, the preliminary nature of reports and estimates of loss to date, communication and access issues, the impact of the hurricane on the Company's reinsurers, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverables actually received and complex coverage and regulatory issues such as whether losses occurred from storm surge or flood, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
Page 2/2


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20050921161229.txt.gz
TIME:20050921161229
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02. Results of Operations and Financial Condition
 
A current report on Form 8-K was filed on July 25, 2005, containing the ACE Limited second quarter financial supplement. On September 21, 2005 ACE Limited revised its second quarter financial supplement to conform it to certain information contained in the restated financial statements included in ACE Limited's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2005 filed on August 12, 2005. This revised financial supplement, which replaces the one previously filed, is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1, and is hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
Item 9.01. Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: September 21, 2005
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance - Property & Casualty
 
 
 
Financial Services
 
 
 
Financial Services
 
 
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
 
Reinsurance Recoverable for Active Operations
 
 
At March 31, 2005, $6.5 billion of the active operations' recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 93.7% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies. The Company held collateral of $2.8 billion, of which $1.5 billion was matched and usable against existing recoverables.
 
 
 
Consolidated Reinsurance Recoverable
 
 
At March 31, 2005, $10.6 billion of consolidated recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 94.5% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies.
 
 
 
Detail on Reinsurance Recoverable on Paid Losses and Loss Expenses
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
 
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations; however, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of book value per share to diluted book value per ordinary share is provided on page 28.
 
In presenting our segment operating results we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, life and annuity benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses).
 
The following non-GAAP measure is a common performance measurement and is defined as income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) and the tax expense on net realized gains (losses). We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part, according to the availability of market opportunities. We believe these amounts are largely independent of our business and including them would distort the analysis of trends. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Ordinary Share to Diluted Book Value per Ordinary Share
 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 
 
 
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) less perpetual preferred securities divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity for the period. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio for the property and casualty and financial services operations. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity and net proceeds from assumed conversions of outstanding in-the-money options divided by the sum of shares outstanding and the number of options assumed issued.
Diluted book value per ordinary share:
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity and net proceeds from assumed conversions of outstanding in-the-money options less goodwill divided by the sum of shares outstanding and the number of options assumed issued.
Diluted tangible book value per ordinary share:
 
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses).
Effective tax rate:
 
Unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity.
FAS 115:
 
Net premium earned and net investment income less future policy benefits, acquisition costs and administrative expenses.
Life underwriting income:
 
Not meaningful.
NM:
 
Shareholders' equity less perpetual preferred shares.
Ordinary shareholders' equity:
 
Property and casualty.
P & C:
 
Loss and loss expense ratios, policy acquisition cost ratios and administrative expense ratios excluding life reinsurance business and financial services segment. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Property and casualty combined ratios:
 
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) less perpetual preferred securities divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity.
Return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
Shareholders' equity less goodwill.
Tangible equity:
 
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, perpetual preferred shares and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 
Year to date.
YTD:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20050922090929.txt.gz
TIME:20050922090929
EVENTS:	Other Events
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
Item 8.01. Other Events.
 
ACE Limited has resolved a lawsuit brought by the Connecticut Attorney General, and will pay $40,000 in exchange for a release of Connecticut's claims and a withdrawal of the lawsuit.
 
The claims related to certain underwriting practices associated with an $80 million portfolio of Connecticut workers compensation claims which the company is administering.
 
On March 21, 2005, the company filed a motion to dismiss the case, stating it believed the case was without merit. The decision to settle avoids the cost of further litigation.
 
ACE will continue to administer its contract with the state and continue with its business of handling workers compensation claims for Connecticut.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20050929124913.txt.gz
TIME:20050929124913
EVENTS:	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure
 
On September 29, 2005, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting the release of the ACE Limited Global Loss Triangles. The press release and the Global Loss Triangles are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
DATE: September 29, 2005
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 
HAMILTON, Bermuda  September 29, 2005  ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) announced today that it has published its 2004 Global Loss Triangles.
 
A copy of these documents is available on the Company's website, located at in the Investor Information section under Financial Reports.
www.acelimited.com
 
The Company began annual disclosure of its Global Loss Triangles last year.
 
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, a component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, the ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acelimited.com
 
 
One of the ACE Group of Insurance & Reinsurance Companies

Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
 
 
Contents
 
 
This document forms the supplement to ACE's release of its Global Loss Triangles (GLT) as at December 31, 2004. Last year we released the GLT for the first time with the purpose of providing the reader with the opportunity to use their own judgment with respect to certain areas of our reserves and also a greater insight into ACE's business and overall reserve balance. As discussed later in this document, our reserving approach is a detailed ground-up process reflecting the scope and diversity of the products written by our various operations. In addition, the market has seen rapid changes in both rates and terms and conditions over the last few years. It is therefore difficult to prepare an aggregate disclosure that captures all of these aspects. However, we believe that with the requisite care and attention to analysis, the disclosure can be used to provide the reader with insight about ACE's reserve position. To assist the reader with their analysis, we have provided guidance where possible in the document on key assumptions that should be considered when performing an analysis.
 
In compiling this year's release we have followed essentially the same format as released last year but we have also made a number of changes to the data. These changes reflect actions from the recent restatement, re-classification of certain items to be excluded (most notably premiums, and to a much lesser extent losses), foreign exchange adjustments and considerable enhancements to the compilation process. Notable examples of the enhancements include the extensive work undertaken to improve the accident year resolution of the ACE Global Markets data and an expansion of the compilation process to include a greater volume of information within this release, most notably for the Overseas General segment. We believe that this year's release is an improvement over last year's release and that the changes are consistent with our commitment to leading our peer group in the pursuit of more transparent loss reserve disclosures
 
The GLT supplement is comprised of the following information:
 
 
 
 
The triangle data are provided in groupings under three of ACE's four SEC reporting segments:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Furthermore, the GLT supplement also contains the following:
 
 
 
 
 
 
Overview
 
 
The net reserves (case plus IBNR) associated with the GLT can be reconciled back to ACE Limited's December 31, 2004 closing GAAP P&C net reserve balance as follows:
 
The triangles are constructed to exclude the effects of shifting exchange rates. Loss and ALAE data denominated in foreign currencies are converted to US dollars at December 2004 exchange rates.
 
 
As indicated above, certain blocks of loss and ALAE reserves were excluded for the following reasons:
 
 
Reconciliation
 
 
Having established a process for the release of the initial GLTs, we reviewed this process in detail as a prelude to the current release. Through this review we identified a number of opportunities to improve the quality and scope of the GLT.
 
The main enhancement has been on the Overseas General segment where we had previously excluded large pieces of ACE Global Markets (AGM) business due to the inability to extract complete historical information in the desired form. We now include all relevant business from AGM and additionally have enhanced the process we use to translate Gross Year of Account (YOA) data to Net Accident Year data. For this release we have been able to accurately allocate 80% of claims arising from Year of Account 2000 and onwards, using the actual date of loss. In addition on the largest claims (representing around 20% of claims) we have been able to perform a net-down that accurately reflects the impact of the reinsurance program relevant to each claim.
 
On the following pages we summarize the historical data changes by segment and accident/treaty year at December 31, 2003 for paid loss, reported loss & earned premium. We also attribute the overall movement to each source as listed below.
 
Insurance North American
 
A comparison of this year's GLT with the previous release shows paid losses increased by under 1%, reported losses increased by 1% and premiums decreased by 4% across accident years 1995-2003 combined.
 
 
Due to the recent restatement, the premium and losses no longer reflect the cessions for certain finite contracts and reclassification of certain premium and loss amounts for business excluded from the GLT disclosure.
 
 
Effect of restating historical values at December 2004 exchange rates
 
Insurance Overseas General
 
A comparison of this year's GLT with the previous release shows paid losses increased by 42%, reported losses increased by 38% and premiums increased by 43% across accident years 1995-2003 combined. The majority of these changes relate to previously excluded classes being included for this release.
 
 
As described above a more detailed process was used this year to derive net AY data
 
 
Due to the recent restatement, the premium and losses no longer reflect the cessions for certain finite contracts and the inclusion of the following classes;
 
AGM - Personal Accident, Energy, Property (All Years) and Casualty (AY 96 & prior)
 
ACE International - some discontinued lines and smaller countries.
 
 
Effect of restating historical values at December 2004 exchange rates
 
Global Re
 
A comparison of this year's GLT with the previous release shows paid losses increased by 2% and reported losses increased by 1% over treaty years 1995-2003 combined. The comparison of the earned premium figures will show large increases as treaty years naturally advance towards being fully earned. Therefore we have not shown this comparison within the reconciliation schedules. On a minor note, we have changed the labeling of the two Global Re classes this year, but the composition of each has stayed the same.
 
 
Effect of restating historical values at December 2004 exchange rates
 
 
For future releases, we will continue to review the content and segmentation of the triangles to ensure that they provide a useful representation of our evolving business profile.
 
Reconciliation to Previous
 
 
 
NA WC(R)
 
 
 
NA GL (R)
 
 
 
NA Other Cas (R)
 
 
 
NA NC (R)
 
 
 
OG Cas (R)
 
 
 
OG NC (R)
 
 
 
OG PA (R)
 
 
 
GR Prop(R)
 
 
 
GR NProp(R)
 
 
We have actuarial staff in each of our operating segments who track insurance reserves and regularly evaluate the levels of loss reserves, taking into consideration factors that may impact the ultimate loss reserves. This is accomplished not only by employing a variety of actuarial methods, but also by applying judgment to help quantify the impact of these variables.
 
Considerable caution should be used when attempting to analyze reserve adequacy based on aggregated triangles. It is rare that the data is so consistent, homogeneous, and static that a valid analysis is possible without exercising substantial judgment. Results can be distorted by both industry-wide and company-specific factors. Below is a non-exhaustive list of possible pitfalls:
 
 
 
 
 
There are a number of valid prospective tests of reserve adequacy that can be performed based on consolidated triangles. One excellent source of information on the various methods is Completing and Using Schedule P by Sholom Feldblum (1) . It is strongly recommended that anyone attempting to analyze reserves presented in loss triangles be familiar with the methods detailed in the section entitled "Loss Reserve Adequacy Testing  Prospective Valuation."
 
(1) Publicly available on the Casualty Actuarial Society's web site at the following address http://www.casact.org/pubs/forum/02fforum/02ff353.pdf
 
Considerations
 
 
Insurance North American Segment
 
The Insurance North American segment covers business written by ACE USA (including business written in other ACE entities but managed by ACE USA), ACE Westchester Specialty, ACE Canada, and ACE Bermuda. A significant portion of ACE Bermuda's exposure is from the US, though a portion does reside in Europe.
 
There are three important points with regards to the "Prior" line. First, the "Prior" line shown here is gross of retroactive reinsurance (NICO treaties). Second, it would be incorrect to apply a single loss development factor to the "Prior" line, as it does not represent a single accident year but the total activity in accident years 1994 and prior. Third, nearly all of ACE's Asbestos and Environmental exposure is contained in the "Prior" line of the General Liability triangles. Development factors derived from loss triangles are inappropriate for analysis of this exposure.
 
Contained in the triangles are a few instances of modest negative case reserves (calculated by taking the difference between the reported and paid at a given development age for a particular accident year). This is typically due to either salvage and subrogation or timing differences associated primarily with ceded reinsurance. For Workers Compensation and other Casualty lines, it will usually be the latter. For Non-Casualty lines, it tends to be the former. In our view, these negative case reserves will not significantly distort an analysis nor detract from the usefulness of the information provided.
 
Insurance North American  Workers Compensation
 
The US Statutory Schedule P filings for Workers Compensation (WC) only show a portion of ACE's total WC business due to an internal reinsurance transaction between the ACE American Pool and another ACE entity. Under this transaction 100% of the outstanding liabilities for the 2000 and prior accident years and 100% of any future development (net of third party reinsurance) was ceded outside the ACE American Pool. The WC triangle shown in this supplement includes the business ceded through this contract and as such gives a more complete representation of the WC business written by ACE's US based direct operations.
 
The WC line has experienced shifts in mix by business type during the ten year experience period included in the loss triangles. In the 1995 through 1999 years, guaranteed cost policies and first dollar loss sensitive products made up a large portion of the portfolio. The paid and incurred losses for this time period should experience development consistent with industry patterns.
 
Beginning with the 2000 accident year, the mix shifted largely to risk management accounts with high deductible programs where the excess of deductible losses were mostly reinsured to third parties. Under high deductible programs, net losses are excess and therefore would tend to have longer development patterns than primary or first dollar losses. Premiums for risk management accounts include significant loadings for administrative expenses and unallocated loss expenses. As a result, the loss component of the net premium is much lower than primary or guaranteed cost policies making loss projection methods that rely on expected loss ratios based on industry experience (or prior year loss ratios) inappropriate.
 
In 2003, the majority of the WC business was still written on large deductible policies though less reinsurance was purchased. In 2004, large deductible policies still dominated the workers compensation portfolio however there was strong growth in first dollar guaranteed cost business.
 
Insurance North American  General Liability
 
The triangles consist of Primary General Liability, Excess Liability, Professional Liability, and Products Liability. The Primary General Liability and US Excess Liability are written on an occurrence basis and represent the largest part, while the Professional Liability and Bermuda Excess Liability are written on a claims made basis. Given the recent hard market in Professional Liability, each of the four entities has grown its Professional Liability book over recent years.
 
Furthermore, the underwriting cycle has been particularly pronounced for Professional Liability, with a soft market throughout the late 1990's and into 2001, followed by a significant hardening. These changes in price adequacy should be incorporated into any analysis of reserve levels.
 
ACE Bermuda writes on a "claims first reported" form which means that coverage is triggered when news of a potential claim is received, potentially well in advance of a claim being filed. In addition, Bermuda typically writes at high attachment points, particularly on its Excess Liability book.
 
Finally, in ACE's US statutory Schedule P, Warranty business appears in Other Liability  Occurrence. However, Warranty claims are settled quickly, and case reserves are generally not established. This makes it very different from the other business included in the Other Liability line. Warranty products are multi-year contracts, and rather than establish IBNR reserves for future claims, premium earnings are deferred over the life of the contracts and an unearned premium reserve is held which is reviewed and tested for adequacy (this is consistent with industry practice). Therefore, we have removed data associated with Warranty business from the triangles. This exclusion has also been applied in the Overseas General segment.
 
Insurance North American  Other Casualty
 
These triangles consist of the non-WC and non-GL long tailed business. The lines included are Auto Liability, Commercial Multi-Peril, Political Risk, Marine, and Aviation. The last two lines are the main components of the Special Liability line in ACE's US Schedule P.
 
Insurance North American  Non-Casualty
 
The vast majority of business in this triangle consists of Property exposures. In addition, there is Auto Physical Damage, Fidelity and Surety, and the "Other" line from ACE's US annual statement, which includes Personal Accident exposure.
 
Highlights NA
 
 
 
Net Earned Premium
 
 
NA WC
 
 
 
Net Earned Premium
 
 
NA GL
 
 
Paid Loss + Paid ALAE Triangle
 
 
Net Earned Premium
 
 
NA Other Cas
 
 
 
Net Earned Premium
 
 
NA NCas
 
 
Insurance Overseas General Segment
 
The Insurance Overseas General segment includes business written by ACE International and ACE Global Markets (AGM). ACE International has four regions, with the majority of the business located in Europe. AGM business is written in the Lloyd's market and is mostly US business. An important reserving consideration is that, in accordance with standard London Market practice, ACE analyzes its AGM business on a gross underwriting year basis rather than an accident year basis. In order to provide net data on an accident year basis it has been necessary to make a number of assumptions. As noted elsewhere, for the purposes of conducting a reserve analysis, reliance on any purely mechanical methods may produce artificially high or low estimates, and some degree of judgment should be used in selecting factors and in the selection of an overall development pattern.
 
At the previous release we excluded a number of AGM classes from this segment due to complications involved with extracting the historical data in the required format. Since that time we have been able to remedy these issues and extract data for the following classes within AGM - Personal Accident, Energy, Property and Casualty for accident years 1996 and prior.
 
At the previous release, the starting point for ACE International was active business. For completeness and consistency with other segments, we have included some discontinued lines and small countries at this release.
 
We have compiled the triangles in original currency and then converted to $US at December 2004 exchange rates for all historical data. This approach removes the impact of currency fluctuations from historical development trends.
 
Insurance Overseas General  Casualty
 
The majority of the exposures consist of General Liability and Professional Liability from both ACE International and AGM. As noted in the Insurance North American discussion, there was a hardening of the Professional Liability market in the last four years, and any analysis should reflect these changes in price adequacy. Also included in this triangle are relatively smaller amounts of Auto Liability, Employers Liability, Marine, Aviation, and Political Risk.
 
The strong growth in recent years has been accompanied by a shift in mix, with Professional Lines and European business being areas of stronger growth. An appropriate valuation basis should reflect the impact of these changes on loss development factors.
 
Insurance Overseas General  Non-Casualty
 
These triangles consist entirely of Property and Energy losses. The addition of AGM data this year has increased the premium volume in this segment by around 70%, without altering the loss trends significantly.
 
Insurance Overseas General  Personal Accident
 
This is mostly traditional accident business with no health insurance component. In recent years over 95% of this business has been written by ACE International, up from 85-90% in the late 1990s. Although relatively small, the inclusion of the AGM data means we now have a complete set of data.
 
Highlights OG
 
 
 
Net Earned Premium
 
 
OG Cas
 
 
 
Net Earned Premium
 
 
OG NCas
 
 
 
Net Earned Premium
 
 
OG PA
 
 
Global Re Segment
 
The Global Re segment contains the business written by Tempest USA, Tempest Bermuda, and Tempest Europe. Tempest USA writes a North American treaty reinsurance book covering nearly all lines and is sourced through reinsurance brokers. Tempest Bermuda was founded in 1993 and writes catastrophe reinsurance, primarily Property coverages. Tempest Europe writes a worldwide portfolio of Marine, Aviation, Property and Casualty business.
 
Unlike the rest of the triangles, the data for Global Re is presented on a treaty year basis, not on an accident year basis. A feature of treaty year data is that individual treaties can incept at any time during a given treaty year. Therefore a full treaty year can typically take up to 36 months to fully earn, and possibly longer if the year contains multi-year contracts. Since reserves should only be established for the earned portion of each treaty year, care should be taken not to fully develop the more recent treaty years without excluding the unearned portion of that treaty year.
 
Global Re Property (previously Non-Casualty)
 
Prior to policy year 2001, all of the loss experience relates to Tempest Bermuda and is therefore all Property Catastrophe related. In the policy years subsequent to 2001, the Property Per Risk and Energy books have grown substantially. However Property Catastrophe business still makes up the majority of the portfolio on all treaty years.
 
Global Re Non-Property (previously Casualty)
 
This portfolio consists of a wide range of business including General Casualty, Auto, Professional Liability, Medical Malpractice, Credit, Aviation and Marine.
 
Given the short history of Global Re in Casualty lines of business, there are only five treaty years of loss and ALAE experience to date, and given the long-tail nature of the business, it is difficult to perform any meaningful analysis, especially with loss development methods. Compounding this limitation is the fact that this portfolio grew rapidly in its first few years and therefore the loss development experience emerging from the initial treaty years is not necessarily a good guide for the later years. Other methods, such as a pure Expected Loss Ratio or Bornhuetter-Ferguson, may be more appropriate. A readily available source for loss development factors would be the Reinsurance Association of America (RAA).
 
Highlights GR
 
 
 
Net Earned Premium
 
 
GR Prop
 
 
 
Net Earned Premium
 
 
GR NProp
 
 
As an insurance and reinsurance company, we are required, under GAAP, to establish loss reserves for the estimated unpaid portion of the ultimate liability for losses and loss expenses under the terms of our policies and agreements with our insured and reinsured customers. These reserves include estimates for both claims that have been reported and those that have been incurred but not reported (IBNR), and include estimates of expenses associated with processing and settling these claims. At December 31 2004, the unpaid losses and loss expense reserve was $31.5 billion. We do not discount our loss reserves, except for net loss and loss expense reserves of $157 million representing structured settlements for which the timing and amount of future claim payments are reliably determinable.
 
The process of establishing reserves for property and casualty claims can be complex and is subject to considerable variability as it requires the use of informed estimates and judgments. These estimates and judgments are based on numerous factors, and may be revised as additional experience and other data become available and are reviewed, as new or improved methodologies are developed or as current laws change. We have actuarial staff in each of our operating segments who analyze insurance reserves and regularly evaluate the levels of loss reserves, taking into consideration factors that may impact the ultimate loss reserves. The potential for variation in loss reserves is impacted by numerous factors, which we explain below.
 
We estimate loss reserves for all of the insurance and reinsurance business that we write. In most cases, we do not have all the necessary information to determine the ultimate settlement value for a claim at the time we are required to accrue for the loss. As a result, historical experience and other statistical information are used to estimate the ultimate cost of the loss, depending on the type of business. To determine carried reserves for a particular line of business, we may perform one or more reserving methods to estimate ultimate losses and loss expenses and use the results to select a single point estimate. These methods may include, but are not necessarily limited to, extrapolations of our historical reported and paid loss data, application of industry loss development patterns to our reported or paid losses, expected loss ratios developed by management, or historical industry loss ratios.
 
Underlying judgments and assumptions that may be incorporated into these actuarial methods include, but are not necessarily limited to, adjustments to historical data used in models to exclude aberrations in claims data such as catastrophes that are typically analyzed separately, application of tail factors used to project ultimate claims from historical loss experience when there are several data points to use, adjustments to actuarial models and related data for known business changes, such as changes in claims covered under insurance contracts, and the effect of recent or pending litigation on future claim settlements.
 
The process of determining a single best estimate by product, when more than one estimate is developed in the course of the actuarial review, may be performed in several ways. However, the objective of such process, which is consistently applied to all product lines, is to determine a single best estimate that we believe represents a better estimate than any other. Such estimate is viewed to support the most likely outcome of ultimate loss settlements and is determined based on several factors, including but not limited to, the extent of historical data and reliance on such data within the underlying reserve methodology, historical accuracy of loss estimates compared with actual loss experience for the product line or comparable product lines, and nature and extent of underlying assumptions.
 
The actuaries' evaluation process to determine a best estimate involves collaboration with underwriting, claims and finance departments and culminates with the input of reserve committees. Each reserve committee includes the participation of the business unit's actuary, financial management and executive management and has the responsibility for finalizing and approving the point estimate to be used as our best estimate. Reserves are further reviewed by ACE's Chief Actuary and senior management.
 
10-K (1)
 
 
The following is a discussion of specific reserving considerations by type of claim:
 
Short-Tail Business, such as Property Coverages
 
Short-tail business describes lines of business for which losses are usually known and paid shortly after the loss actually occurs. This would include, for example, most property, personal accident, aviation hull and automobile physical damage policies that are written. Typically, there is less variability in reserve estimates for these lines of business.
 
Long-Tail Business, such as Casualty Coverages
 
Long-tail business describes lines of business for which specific losses may not be known for some period and losses take much longer to emerge. This includes most casualty lines such as general liability, directors and officers liability (D&O) and workers' compensation. There are many factors contributing to the uncertainty and volatility of long-tail business. Among these are:
 
 
 
 
 
The interested reader is referred to ACE's 2004 Form 10-K/A for additional information on the reserving process.
 
10-K (2)
 
 
: Relates to all losses occurring within a given twelve-month period, regardless of when the loss was reported or booked.
Accident year (AY)
 
: Estimates unpaid (unreported) losses for a given accident/treaty year based on an expected ultimate and the percentage of losses currently unpaid (unreported).
Bornhuetter-Ferguson method
 
: An insurance form where the date the loss is reported to the insurer is deemed to be the date of the loss event, regardless of when the loss occurred.
Claims made basis
 
: Two or more separate occurrences defined in a policy as a single occurrence. For example, a number of individual lawsuits arising over several years from a single faulty product might be defined as one occurrence under policy language.
Integrated occurrence
 
: An insurance form where the date the loss occurred is deemed to be the date of the loss event, regardless of when the claim is reported to the insurer.
Occurrence basis
 
: An arrangement whereby a reinsurer assumes liability incurred as a result of past events (i.e. a loss portfolio transfer).
Retroactive reinsurance
 
: Relates to all losses associated with policies that incepted within a given twelve-month period.
Treaty year (TY)
 
: Terminology specific to Lloyd's business; the year to which an individual risk is allocated based on the calendar year in which it was first signed.
Year of Account (YOA)
 
Glossary
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20051003063940.txt.gz
TIME:20051003063940
EVENTS:	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
o
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
o
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
o
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
o
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
On October 3, 2005, ACE Limited issued a press release announcing its intention, subject to market and other conditions, to commence a public offering of $1.25 billion of its ordinary shares, plus up to an additional $187.5 million of ordinary shares subject to a 30-day option granted to the underwriters of the offering.   ACE expects to use the net proceeds of the offering of the ordinary shares for growth opportunities in the global insurance and reinsurance markets.  The press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
The information under Item 7.01 in this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1 hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed "filed" for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section. The information under Item 7.01 in this Current Report on Form 8-K will not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed by the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, unless specifically identified therein as being incorporated by reference.  The furnishing of the information under Item 7.01 in this Current Report on Form 8-K is not intended to, and does not, constitute a determination or admission by the Company that the information under such Item in this Current Report on Form 8-K is material or complete, or that investors should consider this information before making an investment decision with respect to any security of the Company.
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 
 
HAMILTON, Bermuda  October 3, 2005  ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) announced today that it intends, subject to market and other conditions, to commence a public offering of $1.25 billion of its ordinary shares, plus up to an additional $187.5 million of ordinary shares which are subject to a 30-day option  granted to the underwriters of the offering. Citigroup Global markets Inc. and Goldman, Sachs & Co. will act as joint book-runners of the offering.
 
ACE expects to use the net proceeds of the offering of the ordinary shares for growth opportunities in the global insurance and reinsurance markets.
 
Copies of the prospectus related to the offering may be obtained from Goldman, Sachs & Co., 85 Broad Street, New York, NY 10004 (212) 902-1171 or Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Brooklyn Army Terminal, 140 58 Street, 8 Floor, Brooklyn, NY 11220.
th
th
 
This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state.  A shelf registration statement relating to the ordinary shares that ACE intends to offer, has previously been filed with, and declared effective by, the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Any offer, if at all, will be made only by means of a prospectus, including a prospectus supplement, forming a part of the effective registration statement.
 
One of the ACE Group of Insurance & Reinsurance Companies
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients.  Headed by ACE Limited, a component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, the ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries.  Additional information can be found at: www.acelimited.com.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20051003070027.txt.gz
TIME:20051003070027
EVENTS:	Regulation FD Disclosure
TEXT:
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
 
 Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
o
 
 Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
o
 
 Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
o
 
 
Item 7.01  
Regulation FD Disclosure
 
ACE Limited is furnishing this Current Report on Form 8-K to provide additional information with respect to its estimates for losses relating to Hurricanes Katrina and Rita and the New Orleans flood and to provide updated guidance for the quarter ended September 30, 2005 and the year ending December 31, 2005..
 
Hurricanes Katrina and Rita and the New Orleans Flood
 
The following table provides additional information with respect to ACE's estimates for losses relating to Hurricane Katrina and the New Orleans flood.
 
 
ACE's reinsurance recoverables with respect to Hurricane Rita and the New Orleans flood are high quality and well diversified with nearly 50% of exposure collateralized and 89% of the uncollateralized reinsurers having ratings of "A" or better.  The top 5 reinsurers account for 29% of the total reinsurance recoverables and the duration of the recoverables is less than two years with no long term contracts.
 
On September 24, 2005, Hurricane Rita, a Category 3 hurricane, struck the Gulf Coast of the United States. Hurricane Rita has produced numerous losses, though significantly less than the losses attributable to Hurricane Katrina and the New Orleans flood. ACE's preliminary estimates indicate that total net losses related to Hurricane Rita for the entire ACE Group of Companies will be approximately $100 million to $150 million after tax.
 
These estimates were based on ground-up reviews, which, with respect to Hurricane Rita, are still underway, of a substantial majority of ACE's in-force direct policies that ACE believes are affected and information, which, with respect to Hurricane Rita, are still being received and evaluated, from ACE's insureds and cedents and internal modeling with respect to ACE's in-force reinsurance policies that ACE believes are affected.  Actual
losses may vary materially from these estimates as a result of, among other things, the receipt of additional information from insureds or brokers, the attribution of losses to coverages that for the purpose of these estimates ACE assumed would not be exposed and inflation in repair costs due to the limited availability of labor and materials.
 
Updated Guidance
 
The following sets forth updated guidance with respect to the three-month period ended September 30, 2005 and the twelve months ending December 31, 2005:
 
 
 
(1) Operating loss per share excludes net realized gains (losses) and the tax effect of net realized gains (losses).  The most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles would be the same as ACE does not estimate net realized gains (losses) or the tax effect of net realized gains (losses).  ACE believes this presentation enhances the understanding of its expected results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of its insurance business. ACE excludes net realized gains (losses) because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities.
ACE expects that at December 31, 2005, it will have total capital of approximately $14.4 billion, total equity of approximately of $12.0 billion, tangible equity of approximately of $9.3 billion and invested assets of approximately $32.8 billion.  Finally, ACE expects that, notwithstanding the significant losses from the third quarter storms, its return on equity for the year ending December 31, 2005 will be approximately 11% and operating earnings to be in excess of $1.1 billion.
 
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
:
 
Any forward-looking statements made in this Current Report on Form 8-K reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements, such as its statements regarding expected results of operations, could be affected by
 
losses arising out of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita and the flooding in New Orleans which could be affected by:
 - 
                 
the number of insureds and ceding companies affected by the hurricane,
 - 
                 
the amount and timing of losses actually incurred and reported by insureds,
 - 
                 
the preliminary nature of reports and estimates of loss to date,
 - 
                 
communication and access issues,
 - 
                 
the impact of these losses on our reinsurers,
 - 
                 
the cost of building materials and labor,
 - 
                 
the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverables actually received,
 - 
                 
lawsuits seeking to compel insurers to pay damages caused by flooding, and
 - 
                 
complex coverage and regulatory issues such as whether losses occurred from storm surge or flooding,
 - 
                 
actions that rating agencies may take from time to time, such as changes in our claims-paying, financial strength or credit ratings or placing these ratings on credit watch negative or the equivalent, which recently occurred in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina and the New Orleans flood;
 - 
                 
global political conditions, the occurrence of any terrorist attacks, including any nuclear, biological or chemical events, or the outbreak and effects of war, and possible business disruption or economic contraction that may result from such events;
 - 
                 
the ability to collect reinsurance recoverable, credit developments of reinsurers, and any delays with respect thereto and changes in the cost, quality or availability of reinsurance;
 - 
                 
the occurrence of catastrophic events or other insured or reinsured events with a frequency or severity exceeding our estimates;
 - 
                 
actual loss experience from insured or reinsured events and the timing of claim payments;
 - 
                 
the uncertainties of the loss-reserving and claims-settlement processes, including the difficulties associated with assessing environmental damage and asbestos-related latent injuries, the impact of aggregate-policy-coverage limits, and the impact of bankruptcy protection sought by various asbestos producers and other related businesses and the timing of loss payments;
 - 
                 
judicial decisions and rulings, new theories of liability, and legal tactics;
 - 
                 
the effects of public company bankruptcies and/or accounting restatements, as well as disclosures by and investigations of public companies relating to possible accounting irregularities, and other corporate governance issues, including the effects of such events on:
 - 
                 
the capital markets;
 - 
                 
the markets for directors and officers and errors and omissions insurance; and
 - 
                 
claims and litigation arising out of such disclosures or practices by other companies;
 - 
                 
uncertainties relating to governmental, legislative and regulatory policies, developments, investigations and treaties, which, among other things, could subject us to insurance regulation or taxation in additional jurisdictions or affect our current operations;
 - 
                 
the actual amount of new and renewal business, market acceptance of our products, and risks associated with the introduction of new products and services and entering new markets, including regulatory constraints on exit strategies;
 - 
                 
the competitive environment in which we operate, including trends in pricing or in policy terms and conditions, which may differ from our projections and changes in market conditions that could render our business strategies ineffective or obsolete;
 - 
                 
developments in global financial markets, including changes in interest rates, stock markets and other financial markets, and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which could affect our statement of operations, investment portfolio and financing plans;
 - 
                 
the potential impact from government-mandated insurance coverage for acts of terrorism;
 - 
                 
the availability of borrowings and letters of credit under our credit facilities;
 - 
                 
changes in the distribution or placement of risks due to increased consolidation of insurance and reinsurance brokers;
 - 
                 
material differences between actual and expected assessments for guaranty funds and mandatory pooling arrangements;
 - 
                 
the effects of investigations into market practices in the U.S. property and casualty industry;
 - 
                 
changing rates of inflation and other economic conditions;
 - 
                 
the amount of dividends received from subsidiaries;
 - 
                 
loss of the services of any of our executive officers without suitable replacements being recruited in a reasonable time frame;
 - 
                 
the ability of technology to perform as anticipated; and
 - 
                 
management's response to these factors.
 - 
                 
 
You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
The information in this Current Report on Form 8-K is being furnished and shall not be deemed "filed" for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section. The information in this Current Report on Form 8-K will not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed by the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, unless specifically identified therein as being incorporated by reference.  The furnishing of the information in this Current Report on Form 8-K is not intended to, and does not, constitute a determination or admission by the Company that the information under such Item in this Current Report on Form 8-K is material or complete, or that investors should consider this information before making an investment decision with respect to any security of the Company.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
 
DATE:  October 3, 2005


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20051025194240.txt.gz
TIME:20051025194240
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On October 25, 2005, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its third quarter 2005 results and the availability of its third quarter financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: October 25, 2005
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 
 
 ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported a net loss for the third quarter ended September 30, 2005 of $112 million or $(0.43) per common share after payment of preferred dividends, compared with net income of $4 million or $(0.03) per share for the same quarter last year. Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) for the third quarter was $(187) million, or $(0.70) per share, compared with $37 million or $0.09 per share for the same quarter a year ago.
HAMILTON, Bermuda  October 25, 2005
(1)
The losses from hurricanes Katrina, Rita and Dennis and other catastrophes resulted in an after-tax charge of $742 million for the quarter or $2.56 per share compared with after-tax net catastrophe losses of $406 million or $1.42 per share in the third quarter of 2004. The combined ratio was 116.5%. If catastrophe losses were excluded, the combined ratio would be 86.4%, a 0.6 point improvement over the comparable quarter in 2004.
 
Net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2005 was $792 million or $2.63 per share, compared with $875 million or $2.95 per share in the same period of 2004. For the nine months ended September 30, 2005, income excluding net realized gains was $711 million or $2.34 per share, compared with $840 million or $2.82 per share in the same period of 2004.
(1)
After-tax net catastrophe losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2005 were $742 million or $2.57 per share, compared with $406 million or $1.42 per share in the same period of 2004. The combined ratio for the nine months was 98.9%. Excluding catastrophe losses, the combined ratio would be 88.4% for the period. Annualized return on equity for the nine month period was 9.5%
(2)
.
 
 
 
Evan Greenberg, President and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented:
 
"The third quarter was a difficult quarter for the insurance industry, and our company was no exception. We experienced a series of significant natural catastrophes including Hurricane Katrina, which alone produced the largest insured loss in history.
 
"Our results reflect the strength of our organization. Our catastrophe losses were within our tolerance level for events of this size given our capital base. Our revenue growth reflected our underwriting discipline in the face of a softening underwriting environment. Exclusive of Hurricanes Rita and Katrina, our earnings were excellent, with strong contributions from both underwriting and investment income.
 
"The successful offering of common shares in early October, which raised $1.5 billion of gross equity capital, signals our confidence in the future market environment, and we plan to move swiftly and deliberately to take advantage of the opportunities that we believe will emerge."
Third quarter operating highlights were as follows:
 
 
On October 4, 2005, the Company issued common stock of approximately $1.5 billion, which is not reflected in amounts above.
 
Details of our financial results, excluding the impact of catastrophe losses and related premiums for the third quarter, for our P&C business segments are available in the financial supplement. Key items include:
 
 
 
 
 
All amounts included herein for prior periods have been adjusted to reflect the previously reported restatements.
 
Please refer to the ACE Financial Supplement dated September 30, 2005, which is posted on the Company's website, for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, investment portfolio and capital structure. ACE's website reference (url) is . (Due to the length of this URL, it may be necessary to copy and paste this hyperlink into your Internet browser's URL address field.)
http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/nys/ace/reports/fin_supp_september_30_2005.xls
 
ACE will host its third quarter 2005 earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday, October 26, 2005 beginning at 8:30 a.m. EDT. The earnings conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at www.acelimited.com or by dialing 888-889-5602 (within the United States) or 973-582-2734 (international), conference ID 6506897. Please refer to the ACE Limited website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available from Wednesday, October 26, 2005 until Friday, November 25, 2005. To listen to the replay dial 877-519-4471 (in the United States) or 973-341-3080 (international); passcode 6506897.
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, a component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, the ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acelimited.com
 
1
Non-GAAP Financial Measures:
is a common performance measurement. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities.
Operating Income or Income excluding net realized gains (losses), net of tax
 
is a non-GAAP measure. We present income excluding net realized gains (losses) and catastrophe losses, net of tax because those losses are deemed to be significant for the third quarter and nine months of 2005. We believe this separate presentation is meaningful and useful for users of our financial information.
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) and catastrophe losses, net of tax
is calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, life and annuity benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting income and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including net investment income, other (income) expense, interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses). We believe the use of these measures enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
Underwriting income
is shareholders' equity less goodwill. See reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measure on page 26 in the financial supplement.
Tangible shareholders' equity
 
These measures should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
2
Calculated using income excluding net realized gains (losses).
3
Diluted book value per ordinary share is ordinary shareholders' equity and net proceeds from assumed conversions of outstanding in-the-money options divided by the sum of shares outstanding and the number of options assumed issued.
NM  not meaningful comparison
 
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:
 
Any forward-looking statements made in this press release reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, actual market developments, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ratios exclude life reinsurance business
 
 
 
 
* Includes both property and casualty reinsurance and life reinsurance
 
 

Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Third Quarter Catastrophe Loss Charges - 2005
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance - Property & Casualty
 
 
 
 
Financial Services
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
 
 
Reinsurance Recoverable for Active Operations
 
 
At June 30, 2005, $6.6 billion of the active operations' recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 94.4% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies. The Company held collateral of $2.8 billion, of which $1.5 billion was matched and usable against existing recoverables.
 
 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Reinsurance Recoverable
 
 
At June 30, 2005, $11 billion of consolidated recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 94.1% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies.
 
 
 
 
 
 
Detail on Reinsurance Recoverable on Paid Losses and Loss Expenses
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
 
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations; however, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of book value per share to diluted book value per ordinary share is provided on page 27.
 
In presenting our segment operating results we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, life and annuity benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses).
 
The following non-GAAP measure is a common performance measurement and is defined as income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) and the tax expense on net realized gains (losses). We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part, according to the availability of market opportunities. We believe these amounts are largely independent of our business and including them would distort the analysis of trends. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
 
We also present income excluding net realized gains (losses) and catastrophe losses, net of tax because those losses are deemed to be significant for the third quarter and nine months of 2005. Catastrophes are not predictable and cause significant variability in periodic earnings. On page 11 we have presented net premium written, net premium earned, loss ratios, expense ratios and combined ratios excluding catastrophes as we believe this separate presentation is meaningful and useful for users of our financial information.
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Ordinary Share to Diluted Book Value per Ordinary Share
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 
 
 
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) less perpetual preferred securities divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity for the period. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio for the property and casualty and financial services operations. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity and net proceeds from assumed conversions of outstanding in-the-money options divided by the sum of shares outstanding and the number of options assumed issued.
Diluted book value per ordinary share:
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity and net proceeds from assumed conversions of outstanding in-the-money options less goodwill divided by the sum of shares outstanding and the number of options assumed issued.
Diluted tangible book value per ordinary share:
 
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses).
Effective tax rate:
 
Unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity.
FAS 115:
 
Net premium earned and net investment income less future policy benefits, acquisition costs and administrative expenses.
Life underwriting income:
 
Not meaningful.
NM:
 
Shareholders' equity less perpetual preferred shares.
Ordinary shareholders' equity:
 
Property and casualty.
P & C:
 
Loss and loss expense ratios, policy acquisition cost ratios and administrative expense ratios excluding life reinsurance business and financial services segment. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Property and casualty combined ratios:
 
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) less perpetual preferred securities divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity.
Return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
Shareholders' equity less goodwill.
Tangible equity:
 
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, perpetual preferred shares and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 
Year to date.
YTD:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20051116143040.txt.gz
TIME:20051116143040
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
      
        Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.
Item 1.01 
On November 14, 2005, the Company amended and restated its outsourcing agreement with IBM Corporation relating to the management of the Company's information technology infrastructure.  The amendment extended the term of the outsourcing agreement for an additional three years so that the agreement will be in effect until 2012 and reduced the projected payments from ACE per year by an estimated $11 million dollars.  Additionally, the amendment reduced the termination charges that ACE would incur by terminating the outsourcing agreement early.  The amendment is effective as of November 1, 2005.
In contrast to the existing outsourcing agreement, the amendment permits ACE to obtain from third parties services similar to those provided by IBM.  Further, the amendment includes new methodologies for measuring the levels of service provided by IBM and includes express goals for the levels of service that IBM is required to provide.  Finally,  the amendment permits IBM to provide some services from locations outside the United States.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20051130161207.txt.gz
TIME:20051130161207
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
 
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
FORM 8-K
Current Report
Pursuant To Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)  November 29, 2005
ACE LIMITED
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
(Address of principal executive offices)
 
Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (441) 295-5200
Not applicable(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (
see
General Instruction A.2. below):
          
  
 
 
 
On November 29, 2005, the Company amended and restated its indemnification agreements with its directors and executive officers to provide indemnification for any event or occurrence that takes place either prior to or after the execution of the amended and restated agreements, related to the fact that the indemnitee is or was a director, officer, employee, trustee, agent, or fiduciary of another foreign or domestic corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, employee benefit plan, trust, or other enterprise and that relates to the subject matter of the investigations referred to in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004 or any other investigation (whether or not the Company is a target of such investigation) by any government entity covering subject matter that is substantially similar to the subject matter of, or arises out of, the foregoing investigations.
 
 
 
 
 
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20051208151608.txt.gz
TIME:20051208151608
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
Item 8.01 Other Events.
 
On December 7, 2005, ACE Limited issued a press release with comments on the impact of Hurricane Wilma. The press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: December 8, 2005
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 
 
HAMILTON, Bermuda  December 7, 2005  ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) announced today that estimated net after-tax losses for the ACE Group of Companies from Hurricane Wilma, the Category 4 storm that initially struck Mexico's Yucatn Peninsula and then Florida in late October, will amount to approximately $250 million, net of tax and reinstatement premiums.
 
ACE will provide 2006 guidance on Thursday, December 15, 2005.
 
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, a component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, the ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acelimited.com
 
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:
 
Any forward-looking statements made in this press release reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. Among other things, the forward-looking statements concerning the impact of Hurricane Wilma could be affected by the number of insureds and ceding companies affected by the hurricane, the amount and timing of losses actually incurred and reported by insureds, the preliminary nature of reports and estimates of loss to date, communication and access issues, the impact of the hurricane on the Company's reinsurers, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverables actually received and complex coverage and regulatory issues as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
One of the ACE Group of Insurance & Reinsurance Companies


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20051215161100.txt.gz
TIME:20051215161100
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.
 
On December 9, 2005, ACE Limited, as Account Party, and ACE Bermuda Insurance Ltd. and ACE Tempest Reinsurance Ltd., as guarantors, entered into a syndicated letter of credit agreement (the "Replacement LC Agreement"), with a group of banks and Citibank Global Markets Limited and Barclays Capital as lead arrangers.
 
The Replacement LC Agreement permits the issuance of up to 380,000,000 of letters of credit on an unsecured basis for use as Funds at Lloyd's. The Replacement LC Agreement replaces the existing Funds at Lloyd's letter of credit agreement (the "Existing LC Agreement") dated November 15, 2004, among ACE Limited, as Account Party, and ACE Bermuda Insurance Ltd. and ACE Tempest Reinsurance Ltd., as guarantors, the banks and other lenders named therein and Citibank Global Markets Limited and Barclays Capital as lead arrangers.
 
The Existing LC Agreement provides for the issuance of up to 380,000,000 of letters of credit on an unsecured basis. The letters of credit issued under the Replacement LC Agreement will be used to satisfy the Funds at Lloyd's requirements of Syndicate 2488, (whose capital is 100% provided by wholly-owned subsidiaries of ACE Global Markets Ltd.), for the 2006 and 2007 years of underwriting and will expire no earlier than December 31, 2010.
 
Under the Replacement LC Agreement, the Account Party pays a utilization fee of 0.5% per annum (depending on ratings) plus a commitment fee of 0.1% per annum payable on any un-utilized portion of the facility. In addition to the foregoing fees, the Account Party pays customary upfront, arrangement and administration fees as well as customary administrative charges to the issuer of each letter of credit.
 
The terms, conditions and covenants of the Replacement LC Agreement are substantially similar to the Existing LC Agreement. The Replacement LC Agreement contains customary covenants, including covenants limiting liens, substantial asset sales and mergers. Most of these restrictions are subject to certain minimum thresholds and exceptions. The Replacement LC Agreement also contains financial covenants that require:
 
(i) maintenance of a minimum consolidated net worth of not less than $6.447 billion (subject to an annual reset provision) plus 25 percent of cumulative net income from December 31, 2004, plus 50 percent of net proceeds of any issuance of equity interests subsequent to December 31, 2004; and
 
(ii) maintenance of a maximum debt to total capitalization ratio of not greater than 0.35 to 1. Under this covenant, debt does not include trust preferred securities or mezzanine equity, except where the ratio of the sum of trust preferred securities and mezzanine equity to total capitalization is greater than 15 percent. In this circumstance, the amount greater than 15 percent would be included in the debt to total capitalization ratio.
In addition, the Replacement LC Agreement provides that the obligations of the banks to issue letters of credit may be terminated, and the obligations of the Account Party thereunder may be accelerated, upon an event of default. Such events include (subject to certain materiality thresholds and grace periods) payment defaults, covenant defaults, material inaccuracy of representations and warranties, bankruptcy and insolvency proceedings, change of control, cross-defaults under other agreements and other customary defaults.
 
Item 1.02 Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement.
 
See Item 1.01 above which is incorporated herein by reference.
 
Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.
 
See Item 1.01 above which is incorporated herein by reference.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: December 15, 2005


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20051219164621.txt.gz
TIME:20051219164621
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.
 
On December 13, 2005, ACE European Holdings No. 2 Limited entered into a 100,000,000 syndicated five-year term loan agreement and ACE Australia Holdings PTY Limited entered into a AUD $100,000,000 syndicated two-year term loan agreement (collectively referred to as the "Loan Agreements"). ACE Limited guaranteed the obligations of the borrower under each Loan Agreement.
 
Both Loan Agreements are unsecured and repayable on maturity. The proceeds from the term loans will be used to retire indebtedness of ACE INA Holdings Inc. and for general corporate purposes.
 
Pricing under both Loan Agreements is based on a fixed rate plus a margin determined by reference to ACE Limited's credit ratings. The applicable borrower will also pay customary upfront, arrangement and administration fees.
 
The covenants in the Loan Agreements are substantially similar to covenants in other ACE group credit facilities and include limitations on liens, substantial asset sales and mergers. Both Loan Agreements also contain financial covenants that require ACE Limited to:
 
(i) maintain minimum consolidated net worth of not less than $6.447 billion (subject to an annual reset provision) plus 25 percent of cumulative net income from December 31, 2004 plus 50 percent of the net proceeds of any issuance of equity interests subsequent to December 31, 2004; and
 
(ii) maintain a ratio of total debt (excluding trust preferred securities and mezzanine capital to the extent not exceeding 15% of total capitalization) to total capitalization of not greater than 0.35 to 1.
 
Both Loan Agreements have customary events of default, including (subject to certain materiality thresholds and grace periods) payment default, failure to comply with covenants, material inaccuracy of representation or warranty, bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, change of control and cross-default to other debt agreements.
 
Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.
 
See Item 1.01 above which is incorporated herein by reference.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: December 19, 2005


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20051221153202.txt.gz
TIME:20051221153202
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.
 
On December 15, 2005, ACE Limited, ACE Bermuda Insurance Ltd., ACE Tempest Reinsurance Ltd. and ACE INA Holdings Inc (collectively, the Borrowers) entered into a syndicated revolving credit agreement (the Credit Agreement) with various banks and other financial institutions. The Credit Agreement is unsecured, permits the Borrowers to obtain loans and letters of credit in an aggregate amount not at any time exceeding $600,000,000 and replaces an existing revolving credit facility that was terminated on the same date.
 
Under the Credit Agreement, the Borrowers pay interest at LIBOR plus a margin that is based upon the credit ratings of ACE Limited (the Ratings) and the amount of usage under the Credit Agreement. The Borrowers also pay a facility fee on the entire amount available under the Credit Agreement and a fee on the amount of each letter of credit, in each case based upon the Ratings.
 
The covenants in the Credit Agreement are substantially similar to covenants in other ACE group credit facilities, including the terminated credit facility, and include limitations on liens, substantial asset sales and mergers. The Credit Agreement also contains financial covenants that require ACE Limited to:
 
(i) maintain minimum consolidated net worth of not less than $6.447 billion (subject to an annual reset provision) plus 25 percent of cumulative net income from December 31, 2004 plus 50 percent of the net proceeds of any issuance of equity interests subsequent to December 31, 2004; and
 
(ii) maintain a ratio of total debt (excluding trust preferred securities and mezzanine capital to the extent not exceeding 15% of total capitalization) to total capitalization of not greater than 0.35 to 1.
 
The Credit Agreement has customary events of default, including (subject to certain materiality thresholds and grace periods) payment default, failure to comply with covenants, material inaccuracy of representation or warranty, bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, change of control and cross-default to other debt agreements.
 
Item 1.02 Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement.
 
See Item 1.01 above which is incorporated herein by reference.
 
Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.
 
See Item 1.01 above which is incorporated herein by reference.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: December 21, 2005


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20060131163337.txt.gz
TIME:20060131163337
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
UNITED STATES  
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549
FORM 8-K
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):
 
    
Item
1.01   
Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.
On January 5, 2005, Century Indemnity Company ("Century") and ACE INA International Holdings Limited ("AII") entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the "Agreement") with Randall & Quilter Investment Holdings Limited ("R&Q"), which provides for the sale of ACE American Reinsurance Company ("AARe"), Brandywine Reinsurance Company (UK) Ltd. ("BRUK"), and Brandywine Reinsurance Company S.A.N.V. "SANV") to R&Q. An amendment and waiver (the "Amendment") to the Agreement was entered into as of January 26, 2006. The Agreement requires R&Q to make an offer to the Institute of London Underwriters ("ILU") in order to secure the release of ACE Limited ("ACE") under the guaranty given to the ILU with respect to the obligations of BRUK (the "BRUK Guarantee"). The Amendment provides that, if R&Q has not received a definitive response from the ILU in respect of this offer prior to the closing date, R&Q will be required to deposit $750,000 on the closing date into a trust account, which funds will remain on deposit until ACE is released from its obligations and liabilities under the BRUK Guarantee or R&Q assumes ACE's obligations and liabilities under the BRUK Guarantee and indemnifies ACE for amounts paid by ACE under the BRUK Guarantee. If R&Q has received a definitive response from the ILU by the closing date, such release or assignment, assumption and indemnity will occur at closing. The Amendment requires AARe, as ceding company, and an affiliate of ACE or other reinsurer with a financial strength rating of "A" or better from a third-party credit rating agency, as assuming company, to enter into a reinsurance agreement incorporating specified reinsurance slip terms (including a limit of liability equal to $35 million) and R&Q to issue a $5 million promissory note to AARe. The Amendment also added a provision specifying that, if R&Q or any of its affiliates receives any sums in respect of the capital stock or surplus of AARe or BRUK, R&Q and its affiliates shall take reasonable steps to enable Century or AII to promptly receive the amounts to which they are respectively entitled with respect to the preference shares of R&Q to be issued to them at closing. In conjunction with this amendment, AII and Century waived certain conditions of closing and R&Q provided certain additional representations and warranties. On January 26, 2006, certain ACE subsidiaries and R&Q submitted to the Pennsylvania Department of Insurance amended applications pertaining to certain transactions associated with the sale of AARe. The amendments to the applications provide that: (1) an ACE insurance company or other reinsurer with a financial strength rating of "A" or better from a third-party credit rating agency will provide reinsurance covering 70% of AARe's net losses in excess of AARe's net reserves at closing, subject to an aggregate limit of liability equal to $35 million (provided that coverage is triggered under the reinsurance agreement only if, and to the extent that, AARe's surplus drops below $25 million) in exchange for a premium of $10 million; (2) claims commuted at fair value between SANV and Century International Reinsurance Company Ltd. ("CIRC"), and BRUK and CIRC, respectively, as set forth in the original proposal, will be submitted for payment to Century (approximately $55 million) under an existing reinsurance agreement; and (3) ACE withdraws its request for repayment of the $100 million surplus note issued by Century in January 2005.
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20060131190042.txt.gz
TIME:20060131190042
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02.    Results of Operations and Financial Condition
 
On January 31, 2006, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its fourth quarter and year end 2005 results and the availability of its fourth quarter financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
Item 9.01.    Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: January 31, 2006
 

EXHIBIT 99.1
 
 
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 
 
 
 ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported net income for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2005 of $237 million or $0.70 per common share after payment of preferred dividends, compared with net income of $278 million or $0.93 per share for the same quarter last year. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) for the fourth quarter was $245 million, or $0.72 per share, compared with $160 million or $0.52 per share for the same quarter of last year.
HAMILTON, Bermuda, January 31, 2006
(1)
The losses from hurricane Wilma, $251 million, and development primarily related to hurricanes Katrina, Rita and Dennis, $53 million, together resulted in an after-tax charge for the quarter of $0.94 per share.
 
 
 
Page 1/7
Net income for the year decreased 11% to $1,029 million or $3.31 per share, compared with $1,153 million or $3.88 per share in 2004. For 2005, income excluding net realized gains (losses) decreased 4% to $956 million or $3.06 per share, compared with $1 billion or $3.34 per share in 2004. Record industry catastrophe losses resulted in a net after-tax charge of $1,049 million or $3.53 per share, compared with $437 million or $1.53 per share in 2004. The P&C combined ratio for the year was 99.3%.
 
 
Evan Greenberg, President and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "This past year was the worst in history for insured catastrophe losses, yet ACE finished the year with a combined ratio under 100%, an ROE of approximately 9%, and book value growth of 7%. While failing to meet our standards, these results are a testament to the underwriting discipline of our organization. Looking ahead, ACE is well-positioned both operationally and financially to capitalize on a dynamic market and the opportunities it presents."
 
Other 2005 operating highlights were as follows:
 
 
On October 4, 2005, the Company issued common stock of approximately $1.5 billion.
 
Details of our financial results, excluding the impact of catastrophe losses and related premiums for the year, for our P&C business segments are available in the financial supplement. Key items include:
 
Page 2/7
 
 
 
 
All amounts included herein for prior periods have been adjusted to reflect the previously reported restatements.
 
Please refer to the ACE Financial Supplement December 31, 2005, which is posted on the Company's website, for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, catastrophe loss charges by segment, investment portfolio and capital structure. ACE's website reference (url) is . (Due to the length of this URL, it may be necessary to copy and paste this hyperlink into your Internet browser's URL address field.)
http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/nys/ace/reports/fin_supp_december_31_2005.xls
 
ACE will host its fourth quarter 2005, year-end earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday, February 1, 2006 beginning at 8:30 a.m. EST. The earnings conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 888-889-5602 (within the United States) or 973-582-2734 (international); conference ID 6828632. Please refer to the ACE Limited website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available from approximately 11:30 a.m. EST on Wednesday, February 1, 2006 until Wednesday, March 1, 2006. To listen to the replay, dial: 1-877-519-4471 (in the United States) or 1-973-341-3080 (international); passcode 6828632#.
www.acelimited.com
 
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, a component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, the ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acelimited.com
1
Non-GAAP Financial Measures:
is a common performance measurement. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities.
Operating Income or Income excluding net realized gains (losses), net of tax
is a non-GAAP measure. We present income excluding net realized gains (losses), A&E charges and catastrophe losses, net of tax because those losses are deemed to be significant to the quarter and the year. We believe this separate presentation is meaningful and useful for users of our financial information.
Income excluding net realized gains (losses), A&E charges and catastrophe losses, net of tax
is calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, life and annuity benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting income and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including net investment income, other (income) expense, interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses). We believe the use of these measures enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
Underwriting income
is shareholders' equity less goodwill.
Tangible shareholders' equity
See reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on page 32 in the financial supplement. These measures should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
2
Calculated using income excluding net realized gains (losses).
 
3
Book value per ordinary share is ordinary shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
 
Page 3/7
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:
 
Any forward-looking statements made in this press release reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, actual market developments, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
Page 4/7
 
 
 
Page 5/7
 
 
Ratios exclude life insurance and reinsurance business
 
Page 6/7
 
 
 
Page 7/7

Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Fourth Quarter Catastrophe Loss Charges  2005
 
 
 
 
Fourth Quarter Catastrophe Loss Charges - 2004
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General (excluding life insurance)
 
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General (excluding life insurance)
 
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
Financial Services
 
 
 
 
Life Insurance and Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
 
Reinsurance Recoverable for Active Operations
 
 
At September 30, 2005, $7.8 billion of the active operations' recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 96.1% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies. The Company held collateral of $2.8 billion, of which $1.5 billion was matched and usable against existing recoverables.
 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Reinsurance Recoverable
 
 
At September 30, 2005, $12.1 billion of ACE Limited recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 95% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies.
 
 
 
 
 
Detail on Reinsurance Recoverable on Paid Losses and Loss Expenses
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investment portfolio
 
Top 10 Exposures - Fixed Maturity Investments
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
 
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations; however, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of book value per share is provided on page 33.
 
In presenting our segment operating results we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, life and annuity benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses).
 
The following non-GAAP measure is a common performance measurement and is defined as income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) and the tax expense on net realized gains (losses). We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part, according to the availability of market opportunities. We believe these amounts are largely independent of our business and including them would distort the analysis of trends. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
 
We also present income excluding net realized gains (losses), catastrophe losses and A&E, net of tax because those losses are deemed to be significant for the quarter and the year. Catastrophes are not predictable and cause significant variability in periodic earnings. On pages 13 and 14 we have presented net premium written, net premium earned, loss ratios, expense ratios and combined ratios excluding catastrophes and A&E as we believe this separate presentation is meaningful and useful for users of our financial information.
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Ordinary Share
 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 
 
 
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) less perpetual preferred securities divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity for the period. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio for the property and casualty and financial services operations. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per ordinary share:
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity less goodwill divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per ordinary share:
 
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses).
Effective tax rate:
 
Unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity.
FAS 115:
 
Net premium earned and net investment income less future policy benefits, acquisition costs and administrative expenses.
Life underwriting income:
 
Not meaningful.
NM:
 
Shareholders' equity less perpetual preferred shares.
Ordinary shareholders' equity:
 
Property and casualty.
P & C:
 
Loss and loss expense ratios, policy acquisition cost ratios and administrative expense ratios excluding life reinsurance business and financial services segment. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Property and casualty combined ratios:
 
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) less perpetual preferred securities divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity.
Return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
Shareholders' equity less goodwill.
Tangible equity:
 
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, perpetual preferred shares and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 
Year to date.
YTD:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20060228125800.txt.gz
TIME:20060228125800
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
Item 1.01
Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.
On February 22, 2006, the Compensation Committee of the Company approved performance based restricted stock award terms under the ACE Limited 2004 Long-Term Incentive Plan. Performance based restricted stock awards are intended to be deductible under Internal Revenue Code section 162(m). For each participant receiving performance based restricted stock, 25% of the restricted share portion of such participant's annual long-term incentive award will be segregated and designated as a Performance Based Restricted Stock Award.
The performance period for a Performance Based Restricted Stock Award will begin January 1 (Commencement Date) of the year of grant and end on the fourth anniversary of the Commencement Date. The performance goal for a Performance Based Restricted Stock Award is designated by the Compensation Committee at the time the Performance Based Restricted Stock Award is granted, effective as of the Commencement Date. The performance goal consists of the achievement by ACE Limited of growth exceeding the median growth of the peer group, according to a designated financial measure. The financial measures that may comprise the performance goal are listed in the ACE Limited 2004 Long-Term Incentive Plan. The determination of the performance goal and its parameters is subject to rules established by the Compensation Committee within 90 days of the Commencement Date. The Performance Based Restricted Stock Award will consist of two components: a Target Award and a Premium Award.
Target Award
The Target Award will consist of four installments, each installment comprising 25% of a participant's total Performance Based Restricted Stock Award. Each installment has the potential to vest if the designated performance goal is achieved, which performance goal is, under the Performance Based Restricted Stock Award terms approved by the Compensation Committee on February 22, 2006, that the Company achieve growth in tangible book value per share which exceeds the median growth of the peer group during the applicable performance period.
Each installment will first become eligible to vest based on performance during each of the one-year periods commencing with the Commencement Date. The first installment will become eligible to vest based on performance over the period beginning on the Commencement Date and ending on the first anniversary of the Commencement Date. The second installment will become eligible to vest based on performance over the one-year period from the first to the second anniversary of the Commencement Date. The third installment will become eligible to vest based on performance over the one-year period from the second to the third anniversary of the Commencement Date. The fourth installment will become eligible to vest based on performance over the one-year period from the third to the fourth anniversary of the Commencement Date.
If an installment does not vest because the initial one-year performance goal is missed, a re-measurement feature will provide additional vesting opportunities based on cumulative performance over a series of extended measurement periods within the performance period. The re-measurement periods will be the start of the year in which an installment was first eligible to vest, through the end of the subsequent year (or years, if the first re-measured performance goal is missed).
Any award that has not vested at the end of the performance period will be forfeited.
 
Premium Award
At the end of the performance period, if the Company's cumulative performance over the performance period exceeds the designated peer group's 65th percentile, a Premium Award of additional shares will be earned as follows:
 
 
 
 
The peer group for measurement consists of the companies included in the S&P 500 Property & Casualty Index (excluding ACE Limited).
The participant receiving a Performance Based Restricted Stock Award has dividend and voting rights with respect to the restricted shares under the Target Award (unless and until those restricted shares are forfeited), but the participant has no dividend and voting rights with respect to a Premium Award until the shares under the Premium Award are transferred to the participant.
On February 22, 2006, the Compensation Committee awarded a total of 50,200 Performance Based Restricted Stock Awards (Target Awards), with such Performance Based Restricted Stock Awards to the Company's chief executive officer and the Company's other four most highly compensated executive officers for 2005 as set forth below:
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: February 28, 2006


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20060322172241.txt.gz
TIME:20060322172241
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02. Results of Operations and Financial Condition
A current report on Form 8-K was filed on January 31, 2006, containing the ACE Limited fourth quarter financial supplement. On March 22, 2006, ACE Limited revised its fourth quarter financial supplement to conform certain information to the financial statements included in Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005, filed on March 16, 2006. The financial supplement is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1, and is hereby incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01. Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits.
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: March 22, 2006
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At December 31, 2005, $7.9 billion of the active operations' recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 95.6% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies. The Company held collateral of $2.7 billion, of which $1.6 billion was matched and usable against existing recoverables.
 
 
 
At December 31, 2005, $12.1 billion of ACE Limited recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 94.7% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies.
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investment portfolio
Top 10 Exposures - Fixed Maturity Investments
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations; however, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of book value per share is provided on page 33.
In presenting our segment operating results we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, life and annuity benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses).
The following non-GAAP measure is a common performance measurement and is defined as income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) and the tax expense on net realized gains (losses). We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part, according to the availability of market opportunities. We believe these amounts are largely independent of our business and including them would distort the analysis of trends. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
We also present income excluding net realized gains (losses), catastrophe losses and A&E, net of tax because those losses are deemed to be significant for the quarter and the year. Catastrophes are not predictable and cause significant variability in periodic earnings. On pages 13 and 14 we have presented net premium written, net premium earned, loss ratios, expense ratios and combined ratios excluding catastrophes and A&E as we believe this separate presentation is meaningful and useful for users of our financial information.
 
 
 
 
 
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) less perpetual preferred securities divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity for the period. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio for the property and casualty and financial services operations. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
Ordinary shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per ordinary share:
Ordinary shareholders' equity less goodwill divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per ordinary share:
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses).
Effective tax rate:
Unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity.
FAS 115:
Net premium earned and net investment income less future policy benefits, acquisition costs and administrative expenses.
Life underwriting income:
Not meaningful.
NM:
Shareholders' equity less perpetual preferred shares.
Ordinary shareholders' equity:
Property and casualty.
P & C:
Loss and loss expense ratios, policy acquisition cost ratios and administrative expense ratios excluding life reinsurance business and financial services segment. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Property and casualty combined ratios:
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) less perpetual preferred securities divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity.
Return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
Shareholders' equity less goodwill.
Tangible equity:
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, perpetual preferred shares and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
Year to date.
YTD:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20060329150604.txt.gz
TIME:20060329150604
EVENTS:	Other Events
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
Item 8.01 Other Events.
ACE Limited filed its Annual Report on Form 10-K on March 16, 2006. Within the section entitled "Item 7 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of OperationsUnpaid Losses and Loss Expenses" (appearing on page 68 of the Form 10-K as filed), the table segregating loss reserves by components incorrectly classified the first subtotal as "Casualty" when it should have been classified as "Property and other" and the second subtotal as "Property" when it should have been classified as "Casualty". The complete table, as corrected, appears below.
The following table segregates the reserves by components including property and other, casualty and personal accident at December 31, 2005.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: March 28, 2006


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20060404141049.txt.gz
TIME:20060404141049
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
Item 1.01
Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.
On March 29, 2006, the Compensation Committee of the Company adopted the ACE Limited Executive Severance Plan (the "Severance Plan"). At the present time, Evan Greenberg, the President and Chief Executive Officer, is the only participant in the Severance Plan, although in the future other senior officers approved by the Compensation Committee may be invited to participate. Under the Severance Plan, if a participant's employment is terminated by the Company without cause, the participant will receive a lump sum cash payment equal to 200%, in the case of the Chief Executive Officer, and 100%, in the case of any other participant, of such officer's current annual base salary and average of the bonuses paid for the prior three years. In addition, when employment is terminated without cause, the Severance Plan provides for (i) continued vesting of equity-based compensation for two years, in the case of the Chief Executive Officer, and one year, in the case of any other participant; (ii) continued exercisability of stock options for the earlier of three years or the option's scheduled expiration date; and (iii) continuation of health coverage for 24 months for the Chief Executive Officer and 12 months for any other participant. In the event of a change in control, all equity-based compensation held by a participant in the Severance Plan will immediately vest. In addition, if the participant's employment is terminated by the Company without cause or by the participant for good reason during the six-month period immediately before a change in control or during the two-year period immediately following a change in control, the Severance Plan provides for (i) a lump sum cash payment equal to 299%, in the case of Chief Executive Officer, and 200%, in the case of any other participant, of the sum of the current annual base salary and average of the bonuses paid to the participant for the prior three years; (ii) continued exercisability of stock options for the earlier of three years or the option's scheduled expiration date; and (iii) continuation of health coverage for 36 months for the Chief Executive Officer and 24 months for any other participant. All participants in the Severance Plan are required to sign a waiver and release to receive benefits and must agree to a 12-month non-competition period as well as an agreement not to solicit clients, customers or employees for specified periods ranging between 12 and 24 months.
A "change in control" under the Severance is generally deemed to occur when: (i) any person becomes the beneficial owner of 50% or more of the voting stock of the Company; (ii) the majority of the Board consists of individuals other than Incumbent Directors, which term means the members of the Board on the date the Severance Plan was adopted; provided that any person becoming a director subsequent to such date whose election or nomination for election was supported by three-quarters of the directors who then comprised the Incumbent Directors shall be considered to be an Incumbent Director; (iii) the Company adopts any plan of liquidation providing for the distribution of all or substantially all of its assets; (iv) all or substantially all of the assets or business of the Company are disposed of pursuant to a merger, consolidation or other transaction (unless the shareholders of the Company immediately prior to such merger, consolidation or other transaction beneficially own, directly or indirectly, in substantially the same proportion as they owned the voting stock of the Company, all of the voting stock or other ownership interests of the entity or entities, if any, that succeed to the business of the Company); or (v) the Company combines with another company and is the surviving corporation but, immediately after the combination, the shareholders of the Company immediately prior to the combination hold, directly or indirectly, 50% or less of the voting stock of the combined company.
 
A termination by the participant for "good reason" is generally deemed to occur if within 60 days prior to the separation date and without the participant's consent, there is (i) a material adverse diminution of the participant's titles, authority, duties or responsibilities; (ii) a reduction in the participant's base salary or annual bonus opportunity; or (iii) a failure by the Company to obtain the assumption in writing of its obligations under the Severance Plan by the Company's successor in a change in control transaction.
In addition, on March 31, 2006, ACE Limited, as Borrower, and ACE Bermuda Insurance Ltd. and ACE Tempest Reinsurance Ltd., as Guarantors, entered into a $50,000,000 bi-lateral credit agreement (the "Credit Agreement") with ING Bank N.V.
The Credit Agreement is unsecured and is available to cover short-term aggregate net debit positions across the notional cash pooling accounts of ACE Limited and its Subsidiaries held with a bank provider.
Under the Credit Agreement, ACE Limited pays interest at LIBOR plus a margin based upon its credit ratings and the amount of usage under the Credit Agreement. ACE Limited also pays a facility fee on the entire amount available under the Credit Agreement.
The covenants in the Credit Agreement are substantially similar to covenants in other ACE group credit facilities and include limitations on liens, substantial asset sales and mergers. The Credit Agreement also contains financial covenants that require ACE Limited to:
 
 
The Credit Agreement has customary events of default, including (subject to certain materiality thresholds and grace periods) payment default, failure to comply with covenants, material inaccuracy of representation or warranty, bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, change of control and cross-default to other debt agreements.
Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.
See Item 1.01 above which is incorporated herein by reference.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: April 4, 2006


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20060426061629.txt.gz
TIME:20060426061629
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02. Results of Operations and Financial Condition
 
On April 25, 2006, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its first quarter 2006 results and the availability of its first quarter financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
Item 9.01. Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: April 25, 2006
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 
 
 ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported record net income for the first quarter ended March 31, 2006 of $489 million or $1.46 per common share after payment of preferred dividends, compared with net income of $437 million or $1.48 per share for the same quarter last year. These results include an $80 million pre-tax charge pertaining to the imminent settlement with certain governmental agencies of their investigations of various insurance industry business practices. Income excluding net realized gains (losses), investigation-related settlement charge and the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle (cumulative effect), net of tax,
HAMILTON, Bermuda, April 25, 2006
(1)
for the first quarter was a record $543 million, or $1.63 per share, compared with $455 million or $1.54 per share for the same quarter of last year.
(2)
 
 
 
Page 1/7
 
Evan Greenberg, President and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "We had an excellent quarter. All divisions of ACE performed well. Both operating and net income achieved record highs even after charges related to an investigation settlement. We anticipate revenue growth picking up in the second quarter. We are well-diversified, and while certain of our businesses are under growth pressure, we have growth opportunity in other areas of our business. The settlement that will be announced shortly will be a major step in achieving closure and finality to what has been a difficult two years for our company and the industry."
 
Other first quarter operating highlights were as follows:
 
 
Details of our financial results for our P&C business segments are available in the financial supplement. Key items include:
 
Page 2/7
 
 
 
 
 
Please refer to the ACE Financial Supplement March 31, 2006, which is posted on the Company's website, for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, investment portfolio and capital structure. ACE's website reference (url) is . (Due to the length of this URL, it may be necessary to copy and paste this hyperlink into your Internet browser's URL address field.)
http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/nys/ace/reports/fin_supp_march_31_2006.xls
 
ACE will host its first quarter 2006, quarter-end earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday, April 26, 2006 beginning at 8:30 a.m. EDT. The earnings conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 800-811-7286 (within the United States) or 913-981-4902 (international); conference ID 8635348. Please refer to the ACE Limited website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available from approximately 11:30 a.m. EDT on Wednesday, April 26, 2006 until Friday, May 26, 2006. To listen to the replay, dial: 1-888-203-1112 (in the United States) or 1-719-457-0820 (international); passcode 8635348 (#).
www.acelimited.com
 
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, a component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, the ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acelimited.com
1
The cumulative effect is a benefit resulting from the accrual of a forfeiture rate on the restricted stock as required under Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) 123R.
 
2
Non-GAAP Financial Measures:
is a common performance measurement. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. We exclude the investigation-related settlement charge and the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle net of tax because these amounts result in a one-time adjustment to income.
Operating Income or Income excluding net realized gains (losses), investigation-related settlement charge and cumulative effect, net of tax
is calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, life and annuity benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting income and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including net investment income, other (income) expense, interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses). We believe the use of these measures enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
Underwriting income
is shareholders' equity less goodwill. See reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on page 23 in the financial supplement.
Tangible shareholders' equity
These measures should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
3
Calculated using income excluding net realized gains (losses).
 
4
Book value per ordinary share is ordinary shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
 
Page 3/7
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:
 
Any forward-looking statements made in this press release reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments and actual settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, actual market developments, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
Page 4/7
 
Page 5/7
 
Ratios exclude life insurance and reinsurance business
 
Page 6/7
 
Page 7/7

Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
These amounts do not reflect the impact of the settlement. See page 1.
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
These amounts do not reflect the impact of the settlement. See page 1.
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
These amounts do not reflect the impact of the settlement. See page 1.
 
 
 
 
 
These amounts do not reflect the impact of the settlement. See page 1.
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
These amounts do not reflect the impact of the settlement. See page 1.
 
 
 
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
Financial Services
 
 
 
 
Life Insurance and Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
 
Reinsurance Recoverable for Active Operations
 
 
At December 31, 2005, $7.6 billion of the active operations' recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 95.6% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies. The Company held collateral of $2.7 billion, of which $1.6 billion was matched and usable against existing recoverables.
 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Reinsurance Recoverable
 
 
At December 31, 2005, $12.1 billion of ACE Limited recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 94.7% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies.
 
 
 
 
 
Detail on Reinsurance Recoverable on Paid Losses and Loss Expenses
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
These amounts do not reflect the impact of the settlement. See page 1.
 
 
 
 
These amounts do not reflect the impact of the settlement. See page 1.
 
 
 
 
These amounts do not reflect the impact of the settlement. See page 1.
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
 
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations; however, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of book value per share is provided on page 24.
 
In presenting our segment operating results we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, life and annuity benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses).
 
The following non-GAAP measure is a common performance measurement and is defined as income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses), the tax expense (benefit) on net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, net of tax. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part, according to the availability of market opportunities. We exclude the benefit of the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, net of tax, because this change resulted in a one time adjustment to income. We believe these amounts are largely independent of our business and including them would distort the analysis of trends. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
 
 
These amounts do not reflect the impact of the settlement. See page 1.
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Ordinary Share
 
 
 
These amounts do not reflect the impact of the settlement. See page 1.
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 
 
 
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect less perpetual preferred securities divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity for the period. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per ordinary share:
 
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio for the property and casualty and financial services operations. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
 
The cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle is a benefit resulting from the accrual of a forfeiture rate on the restricted stock under Financial Accounting Standard 123R "Share-Based Payment".
Cumulative effect:
 
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumualtive effect.
Effective tax rate:
 
Unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity.
FAS 115:
 
: Net premium earned and net investment income less future policy benefits, acquisition costs and administrative expenses.
Life underwriting income
 
Not meaningful.
NM:
 
Shareholders' equity less perpetual preferred shares.
Ordinary shareholders' equity:
 
Property and casualty.
P & C:
 
Loss and loss expense ratios, policy acquisition cost ratios and administrative expense ratios excluding life reinsurance business and financial services segment. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Property and casualty combined ratios:
 
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect less perpetual preferred securities divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity.
Return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity less goodwill divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per ordinary share:
 
Shareholders' equity less goodwill.
Tangible equity:
 
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, perpetual preferred shares and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 
Year to date.
YTD:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20060428155751.txt.gz
TIME:20060428155751
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
On April 26, 2006, ACE Limited ("ACE") and its subsidiary, ACE INA Holdings Inc., entered into an Assurance of Discontinuance and Voluntary Compliance (the "Assurance") resolving claims and matters under investigation with the Office of the New York Attorney General (the "NYAG"), the Office of the Attorney General of the State of Illinois (the "ILAG") and the Attorney General of the State of Connecticut (the "CTAG"). ACE also entered into a stipulation with the New York State Department of Insurance (the "NYDOI") resolving all issues uncovered to date in the NYDOI's investigation of ACE and its subsidiaries, but not including any issues in the NYDOI's current examination of Westchester Fire Insurance Company, one of ACE's New York domiciled insurance subsidiaries. The settlements resolve outstanding investigations by the NYAG, the ILAG, the CTAG and NYDOI in connection with certain accounting, public reporting and insurance brokerage practices, including those related to nontraditional and finite insurance and reinsurance of ACE and its subsidiaries.
As a result of these settlements, ACE will make payments totaling $80 million, $40 million of which will be available for restitution payments to excess casualty policyholders and the remaining $40 million of which will be paid in fines. In addition, ACE has agreed to implement certain prescribed business reforms and new disclosure and compliance regimes. Among other things, ACE has agreed not to pay any contingent commissions on excess casualty business in the United States through 2008 and to stop paying contingent commissions on other lines of business in the United States if 65% of the US market for a particular line of business is not paying such commissions.
The foregoing summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Assurance and the Stipulation, copies of which are attached as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference.
 
ACE will also take a first quarter 2006 after-tax charge of approximately $66 million for the settlements described in Item 1.01 above.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: April 28, 2006

Exhibit 10.1
In the Matter of
ACE Limited and
ACE Group Holdings, Inc.
Pursuant to the provisions of Executive Law  63 (12), the Donnelly Act (Gen. Bus. Law  340 ), the Martin Act (Gen. Bus. Law  352-c) and the common law of the State of New York, Eliot Spitzer, Attorney General of the State of New York caused an investigation to be made of ACE Limited, a Cayman Islands corporation with its principal place of business in Bermuda, that trades on the New York Stock Exchange and its subsidiaries including but not limited to ACE Group Holdings, Inc. and ACE INA Holdings Inc. (collectively "ACE") relating to practices in the marketing, sale, renewal, placement or servicing of insurance and reinsurance and their accounting and public reporting practices, including those relating to nontraditional and finite insurance and reinsurance (the "Investigation"); and pursuant to Conn. Gen. Stat.  35-24 (the Connecticut Antitrust Act) and Conn. Gen. Stat.  42-110a (the Connecticut Unfair Trade Practices Act), Richard Blumenthal, Attorney General of the State of Connecticut, caused an investigation to be made of ACE on the subject matter of the Investigation; and pursuant to the Illinois Antitrust Act, 740 ILCS 10/1 and the Illinois Consumer Fraud and Deceptive Business Practices Act, 815 ILCS 505/1 , Lisa Madigan, Attorney General of the State of Illinois, caused an investigation to be made of ACE on the subject matter of the Investigation (collectively "Attorneys General Investigations"); and Howard Mills, the Superintendent of Insurance of the State of New York (the "Superintendent"), caused an investigation to be made of ACE on the subject matter of the Investigation
et
seq.
et
seq.
et
seq.
et
seq.
et
seq.
(the "Superintendent's Investigation"); and based upon the Attorneys General Investigations and the Superintendent's Investigation the following findings have been made:
1. Since at least the mid-1990s ACE and other insurers have paid hundreds of millions of dollars in so-called "contingent commissions" to the world's largest insurance brokers, including Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. or Marsh Inc. (collectively "Marsh"), Aon Corporation ("Aon"),Willis Group Holding Ltd. ("Willis"), and Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. ("Gallagher") as well as tens of thousands of smaller brokers and independent agents.
2. ACE entered into a number of contingent commission agreements (also known as "override" agreements) to pay compensation to Producers,
1
such as Marsh, Aon, Willis and Gallagher as a result of which they steered insurance policies to ACE to increase the volume of policies written by ACE, to keep retention levels of existing ACE policies above certain benchmarks, and to direct policies to ACE. In most cases, steering took the form of Producers purporting to offer unbiased recommendations to their clients about the selection of insurers when in fact, in many cases, the Producers' recommendations were biased in favor of insurers who paid contingent commissions.
3. Under these agreements, when Marsh, for example, helped ACE retain its existing business at renewal time, ACE paid Marsh higher contingent commissions. Thus, in the 2002 placement service agreement between the two companies relating to environmental insurance, ACE agreed to pay Marsh an aggregate percentage of gross written premium that
 
varied from 4% for total placements of $1 million to $7 million up to 6% for total placements above $10 million. These contingent compensation payments were passed on to ACE's customers in the form of higher premiums.
4. In 2002, ACE decided to greatly expand its position in the potentially lucrative excess casualty market (which covers losses above the limits provided by policyholders' primary casualty insurance policies) by creating a separate division, called the Casualty Risk Department. Previously, ACE had maintained only a small presence in this market. In order to gain access to excess casualty contracts and ensure a steady stream of business, ACE signed a lucrative placement service agreement in which ACE agreed to pay sufficient contingent commission to ensure Marsh's commission totaled a minimum of 10% for the first $1 of premium to 20% for any amount over $ 180 million dollars of premium. In addition, ACE agreed to join other insurers and Marsh in rigging the process of bidding for insurance policies and actively deceiving clients. ACE participated in the scheme in two ways: (1) where ACE was the incumbent on the lead layer of business, Marsh generally sought to protect ACE's incumbency and gave ACE an unfair competitive advantage by seeking out non-competitive bids from other insurers; and (2) where ACE was not the incumbent on the lead layer, ACE agreed to provide quotes to protect the incumbent, with the understanding that ACE would receive business on an excess layer without competition, thereby allowing it to enter the market. These practices were to the detriment of the insured, whose best interests Marsh was supposed to be serving.
5. The details of the scheme were as follows, when ACE was the incumbent carrier on the lead layer, or was otherwise chosen by Marsh to win a client's excess layer business, Marsh set a target for ACE which included proposed premium and policy terms for
 
ACE's bid. If ACE met this target, Marsh generally arranged for ACE to win the business, regardless of whether ACE, or any other insurance company, could have quoted better terms for the client.
6. In order to control the market, Marsh instructed other insurance companies to provide intentionally losing bids that were inferior to those provided by the incumbent or its chosen winner for the excess layer. These losing quotes were known, among other things, as "fake," "backup," "supportive," "alternative leads" or "protective quotes." They were also known as "B Quotes" or simply "B's." Once it had secured such quotes, Marsh would present them to clients as bids obtained through a competitive process. This pretense of competition was intended to, and did, give clients the impression that ACE's bid was the best available. It also had the effect of directing business to ACE, not at terms best for the client, but rather at terms advantageous to ACE. Certain employees of ACE were aware of this arrangement and of the "B Quotes" supplied by other insurers.
7. In an e-mail dated November 3, 2003 ACE's president of casualty risk summarized ACE's arrangement with Marsh:
Marsh is consistently asking us to provide what they refer to as "B" quotes for a risk. They openly acknowledge we will not bind these "B" quotes in the layers we are be [sic] asked to quote but that they will work us into the program' at another attachment point. So for example if we are asked for a "B" quote for a lead umbrella then they provide us with pricing targets for that "B" quote. It has been inferred that the pricing targets' provided are designed to ensure underwriters do not do anything stupid' as respects pricing.
8. The arrangement with Marsh allowed ACE to become a major competitor in the
 
excess casualty market with phenomenal speed. In 2001, before entering the scheme, ACE received only $5 million in Excess Casualty premiums in the United States from Marsh. This number increased in 2002 to $41 million, $98.6 million in 2003 and $93.5 million in 2004. These premiums placed ACE over this time period as the third largest carrier of excess casualty with Marsh, behind only Marsh's long time partners in the scheme AIG and Zurich. Set forth below are specific examples of ACE's participation in the bidrigging scheme:
 
 
 
Our rating has risk at $890,000 and I advised MMGB NY that we could get to $850,000 if needed. Doherty gave me [a] song & dance that game plan is for AIG at $850,000 and to not commit our ability in writing!
In order to satisfy the Marsh executive, ACE never made the lower bid (ACE did submit the higher $890,000 bid) and AIG won the contract.
 
 
AIG quoted 25 x P for $545,000. Copies were distributed yesterday. This is slightly above plan and if we need to adjust the excess to the same percentage increase, no big deal. . . . We need a hard copy lead alternative from Zurich & ACE. Both should not mind as they will both get the excess.
This e-mail was followed by an e-mail to the ACE underwriter informing ACE of AIG's quote and asking for an "alternative lead." ACE responded by protecting AIG with a quote over $100,000 higher than AIG's bid.
 
 
ST. Paul quoted a lead $25mm xs P (same attachments as expiring) and hit target of $200,000. I rated up the program and came to approx. $460,000 for a lead $25MM. [giving ACE an indication of what to bid]
Can you please provide us with a back-up indication at your soonest. Should you need any additional information, please advise. I await your indication.
Later that same day, ACE responded by stating that its price would be about $450,000 or more than double St. Paul's coverage. St. Paul's received the coverage.
9. In addition to participating in the bidrigging scheme with Marsh, ACE engaged in a variety of other improper activities to ensure that brokers gave ACE preferential treatment in the placement of contracts. These activities included: (1) compensating brokers for business steered to ACE by agreeing to obtain ACE's own reinsurance through the same broker, and (2) sending fraudulent e-mails to a broker misrepresenting ACE's payments to help the broker meet its targeted performance goals.
10. In November of 2003, ACE retained Guy Carpenter, the reinsurance brokerage unit of Marsh, to place reinsurance for a contract that Willis Retail had awarded to ACE for Client G. Willis, upon discovering that ACE had hired a competing reinsurance broker on a Willis retail account, called Susan Rivera, ACE North America's President, and insisted that the reinsurance business be placed through Willis Re. After the call, Rivera ordered ACE to move the reinsurance to Willis Re. Willis Re, upon replacing Guy Carpenter, performed no work,
 
instead simply using the quotes already obtained by Guy Carpenter to bind the business. As the ACE underwriter described the situation:
I can't say I really "worked" with Willis Re. I received [the reinsurance company's] quotes through Guy Carpenter. It wasn't till senior management received calls from Willis on this account that I started "working" with Willis Re. Willis Re just went and retrieved the quote that was already presented by Guy Carp [enter].
11. Similarly, in February of 2000, ACE had retained the JLT Group ("JLT") to procure reinsurance on a contract involving Client H, a government organization. JLT was well along in the process of finding reinsurance, having lined up a number of competitive quotes. Despite the arrangement with JLT, Marsh, the broker on the primary insurance, made clear to ACE that if ACE did not use Marsh for the reinsurance, ACE would not receive the contract. ACE responded by agreeing to switch the reinsurance broker to Marsh (so as not to destroy ACE's relationship with JLT, ACE was able to get Marsh to agree to split the commissions with JLT). As the ACE underwriter explained to JLT:
We have told Marsh that we will transfer the facultative placement [reinsurance] to them, but that you will share in the commission for a period of time. If we had not agreed to this, we feel AIG would have been a shoe-in [on the initial contract].
12. To promote its relationship with a broker and receive more business, ACE also provided false documentation that would improve the appearance of the broker's year end results. In late 2003, Willis sought out a number of insurance companies, promising increased future business in exchange for unearned payments. One ACE employee described the proposal as follows:
At a recent dinner [Willis executive] approached me, [another ACE employee], Susan Rivera [ACE North America's president]
 
and indicated confidentially that he is under significant pressure from his superiors to meet serious income deficiency shortfalls in the year and quarter. He expressed his intention to approach a couple of "partner markets" that he would then "guarantee" significant new business growth to [sic] in 04. Those who did not choose to help him as a partner now would not be designated "favored" market.
While he readily acknowledged that such an arrangement would require a great deal of personal trust in him he will assure his ability to make good and will guarantee Willis performance. He indicated he needs $500,000 from ACE in the fourth quarter this year as advance payment for next year.
ACE accepted the offer and agreed to pay Willis $500,000 for the promise of significant new business growth. Willis, however, still had a problem in that it needed to justify the receipt of these funds on its books. To achieve this result, Willis' head of contingent commissions personally convinced Susan Rivera, ACE's North American president, to send fraudulent e-mails (originally drafted by Willis) indicating that Willis was entitled to the payment in 2003. The inaccurate e-mails were then given to Willis's auditors to justify the recording of the payment.
13. ACE also used non-traditional and finite reinsurance to improperly enhance both its own earnings and those of its clients. In at least six separate deals, ACE created the false appearance of risk transfer, utilizing methods such as secret side agreements, to negate the wording of written contracts that did not accurately characterize the agreement reached between the parties. Below are three examples this type of behavior:
 
 
Both ACE and Hiscox, however, believed that it was likely that the losses would reach at least the $50 million limit. Accordingly, the parties negotiated a secret side agreement providing that ACE would not have to pay any claims until 2002. This provision ensured that ACE would generate sufficient investment income to cover any losses over the premium, and thus incur no real risk. The side letter dated January 11, 1999 stated:
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Slip, Hiscox hereby agrees that no claim shall become payable by ACE to Hiscox under the Slip before May 10, 2002.
ACE inadvertently showed a copy of the side agreement to its outside auditing firm which, as a result, refused to authorize the deal as reinsurance. Rather than simply abandoning the deal, however, ACE falsely told its auditor that the transaction would proceed without the side agreement. In reality, ACE and Hiscox simply reached a verbal agreement for the same terms as the previous side agreement. The verbal side agreement was followed by the parties, with no payment occurring from
 
ACE until May of 2002. Both sides accounted for the deal as "reinsurance".
 
Restructured program can be viewed as ACA making a $10 million loan to ACE at 3% rate of interest (thus AFS [a division of ACE] earns approximately 300 bps on $10 million).
To make sure that ACE would not realize any profits beyond a small fee and a reasonable rate of interest for the loan, the parties entered into two secret side agreements. Under these agreements, ACE's profits were guaranteed and capped at $500,000, eliminating any risk from the deal. The second side agreement stated (which was almost identical to the one it supplanted):
[I]t is the intention of the parties that ACE will realize a pre-tax profit margin of approximately $500,000, plus an amount equal to any investment income in excess of 3% . . . . Each party will exercise its best efforts to effect this result . . . so that any shortfall experienced by ACE will be compensated by ACA and any overage (including
 
related investment income) will be recovered by ACA from ACE.
ACE's auditors and regulators were never informed about the side agreements,
 
 
14. Based on these allegations, the Attorneys General and the Superintendent allege that ACE unlawfully deceived policyholders, regulators and other authorities and shareholders by: (a) participating in schemes to steer business; (b) participating in rigging of bids for excess casualty insurance through Marsh; and (c) improperly using insurance transactions to bolster the quality, quantity and stability of their clients' and ACE's earnings;
15. ACE has been and is continuing to cooperate with the Attorneys General Investigations and the Superintendent's Investigation;
16. In the wake of the issuance of the subpoenas and the Attorneys General Investigations and the Superintendent's Investigation, ACE has adopted and, under this Assurance of Discontinuance and Voluntary Compliance (the "Assurance") and corresponding Stipulation with the Superintendent (the "Stipulation"), will continue to implement a number of business reforms governing the conduct of employees of ACE.
17. By entering into this Assurance, the Attorneys General resolve all issues uncovered to date (with the exception of those areas noted below) in the Attorneys General Investigations.
18. The Attorneys General find the relief and agreements contained in this Assurance appropriate and in the public interest. The Attorney General of New York is willing to accept this Assurance pursuant to Executive Law  63(15), in lieu of commencing a statutory proceeding. The Attorney General of Connecticut is willing to accept the Assurance in lieu of commencing a statutory proceeding under Conn. Gen. Stat.  35-32, 42-110m and 33-1335.
 
The Attorney General of Illinois is willing to accept the Assurance in lieu of commencing a statutory proceeding under 740 ILCS 10/1 and 815 ILCS 505/1 .
et
seq,
et
seq
19. The Superintendent and ACE will, simultaneously with the signing of the Assurance, enter into a Stipulation to resolve all issues uncovered to date in the Superintendent's Investigation, but not including any issues in the Superintendent's current examination of Westchester Fire Insurance Company.
20. This Assurance is entered into solely for the purpose of resolving the Attorneys General Investigations, and is not intended to be used for any other purpose.
21. Without admitting or denying any of the above allegations, ACE is entering into this Assurance and the Stipulation.
22. Nothing herein shall be construed to apply to any business or operations involving group and individual: (1) fixed and variable life insurance, (2) fixed and variable, immediate and deferred annuities, (3) accidental death and dismemberment insurance, (4) short and long term disability insurance, (5) long term care insurance, (6) accident and health insurance, including vision and dental insurance, (7) credit insurance, (8) involuntary unemployment insurance, (9) guaranteed investment contracts, and (10) funding agreements (collectively "ACE's Life Insurance Operations"). Nor shall this Assurance nor any its provisions be construed to apply to or waive any claims or causes of action related to any Loss Portfolio Arrangement, Loss Portfolio Program nor any similar Worker's Compensation arrangement with the State of Connecticut or any department or entity thereof (collectively "Connecticut's Worker's Compensation Investigation").
 
NOW THEREFORE, the Attorneys General and ACE hereby enter into this Assurance with a statement of apology attached as Exhibit 1, and agree as follows:
1. On or before June 7, 2006, ACE Group Holdings, Inc. shall pay $40 million into a fund (the "Excess Casualty Fund") held by ACE to be paid to ACE's policyholders who purchased or renewed ACE's Excess Casualty policies (including policies written on the "Bermuda Form" in categories 1 and 2 as classified by ACE), excluding Excess Workers Compensation policies, through Marsh during the period from January 1, 2002 through September 30, 2004 (the "Eligible Policyholders"). All of the money paid into the Excess Casualty Fund and any investment or interest income earned thereon shall be paid to Eligible Policyholders pursuant to this Assurance. No portion of the Excess Casualty Fund shall be considered a fine or a penalty.
2. The Excess Casualty Fund shall be invested in a designated money market fund subject to the prior approval of the Attorneys General and the Superintendent.
3. ACE shall (a) by August 9, 2006 calculate the amount of money each of the Eligible Policyholders paid for excess casualty insurance placed through Marsh with inception or renewal dates during the period from January 1, 2002 through September 30, 2004 (the "Eligible Policies"); (b) within ten days of completing these calculations, file a report with the Attorneys General and the Superintendent, certified by an officer of ACE, setting forth: (i) each Eligible Policyholder's name and address; (ii) the Eligible Policyholder's Eligible Policy(ies) purchased or renewed and policy number(s); (iii) the amount the Eligible Policyholder paid in premiums for each such policy; and (iv) the amount each policyholder is eligible to receive which shall equal
 
each policyholder's pro rata share of the Excess Casualty Fund as calculated by multiplying the amount in the Excess Casualty Fund by the ratio of the policyholder's gross written premium for Eligible Policies for the period from January 1, 2002 through September 30, 2004, divided by the total gross written premium for all Eligible Policies; and (c) by August 23, 2006, send a notice to each Eligible Policyholder, setting forth items (ii) through (iv), above, and stating that the amount paid may increase if there is less than full participation by Eligible Policyholders in the Excess Casualty Fund (the "Excess Notice"). The form of the Excess Notice shall be subject to the prior approval of the Attorneys General and Superintendent.
4. Eligible Policyholders who receive an Excess Notice and who voluntarily elect to receive a cash distribution (the "Participating Policyholders") shall tender a release in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 2 on or before January 26, 2007.
5. On or before March 6, 2007, ACE Group Holdings, Inc. shall pay each Participating Policyholder the amount that Participating Policyholder is eligible to receive from the Excess Casualty Fund as set forth in paragraph 3(b)(iv) above, and any interest or investment income earned thereon.
6. On or before April 6, 2007, ACE shall file an interim report with the Attorneys General and the Superintendent, certified by an officer of ACE, listing all amounts paid from the Excess Casualty Fund.
7. In the event that any Eligible Policyholder elects not to participate or otherwise does not respond to the Excess Notice (the "Non-Participating Policyholders"), the amount that such policyholder was eligible to receive from the Excess Casualty Fund as set forth in paragraph 3(b)(iv) may be used by ACE to satisfy any pending or other claims asserted by policyholders
 
relating to the excess casualty bid rigging or excess casualty steering allegations set forth in this Assurance, provided that in no event shall a distribution be made from the Excess Casualty Fund to any other policyholder until all Participating Policyholders have been paid the full aggregate amount set forth in paragraph 3(b)(iv) above, and any interest or investment income earned thereon; nor shall the total payments from the Excess Casualty Fund to any Non-Participating Policyholder exceed 80% of the amount that Non-Participating Policyholder was originally eligible to receive as set forth in paragraph 3(b)(iv).
8. If any money remains in the Excess Casualty Fund as of January 7, 2008 any such funds shall be distributed by February 7, 2008 on a pro rata basis to the Participating Policyholders.
9. In no event shall any of the money in the Excess Casualty Fund or the investment or interest income earned thereon be used to pay or considered in the calculation of attorneys fees.
10. In no event shall any of the money in the Excess Casualty Fund or the investment or interest income earned thereon be used to pay or considered in the calculation of commissions, administrative or other fees to ACE.
11. On or before February 22, 2008, ACE shall file a report with the Attorneys General and the Superintendent, certified by an officer of ACE, listing all amounts paid from the Excess Casualty Fund, including any payments subsequent to the payments described in paragraph 6.
 
12. On or before June 7, 2006, ACE Group Holdings, Inc. shall pay $40 million as a fine or penalty of which a $24 million fine will be paid by wire transfer to the State of New York, a $8 million payment will be made in accordance with 815 ILCS 505/7(d) by wire transfer to the State of Illinois and a $8 million penalty will be paid by wire transfer to the State of Connecticut. Each Attorney General and the Superintendent shall provide issuing instructions with respect to the payments. These fines and penalties are imposed for all of the improper conduct described in this Assurance and the Stipulation.
13. Within 60 days of the date of this Assurance (or such other date as specified below), ACE shall undertake the following business reforms. ACE will not undertake any transaction for the purpose of circumventing the prohibitions contained in this Assurance.
14. For purposes of this Assurance, Compensation shall mean anything of material value given to a Producer including, but not limited to, money, credits, loans, forgiveness of principal or interest, vacations, prizes, gifts or the payment of employee salaries or expenses, provided that Compensation shall not mean customary, non-excessive meals and entertainment expenses. ACE shall develop and implement policies for its employees explaining the provisions of this paragraph as part of the standards described in paragraph 27 below. Prior to October 9, 2006, ACE shall submit to the Attorneys General and the Superintendent a draft of the intended policies.
15. For purposes of this Assurance, Contingent Compensation is any Compensation
 
contingent upon any Producer: (a) placing a particular number of policies or dollar value of premium with ACE; (b) achieving a particular level of growth in the number of policies placed or dollar value of premium with ACE; (c) meeting a particular rate of retention or renewal of policies in force with ACE; (d) placing or keeping sufficient insurance business with ACE to achieve a particular loss ratio or any other measure of profitability; (e) providing preferential treatment to ACE in the placement process, including but not limited to giving ACE last looks, first looks, rights of first refusal, or limiting the number of quotes sought from insurers for insurance placements; or (f) obtaining anything else of material value for ACE. This definition does not include Compensation paid to employees of ACE or to their Producers that are captive or are exclusive to ACE with respect to a specific line or product that is clearly and conspicuously identified in marketing materials as ACE's line or product.
16. Beginning six months from the date of this Assurance, ACE's offices, situated and issuing insurance policies in the United States or its territories, shall send a notice accompanying the insured's policy, stating that the insured can review and obtain information relating to ACE's practices and policies regarding Compensation on either a website or from a toll-free telephone number. The information on the website or available through the toll-free number shall be sufficient to inform insureds of the nature and range of Compensation, by insurance product, paid by ACE. No later than four months from the date of this Assurance, ACE shall submit to the Attorneys General the proposed format and content of the notice, website and the information available via the toll-free telephone number described in this paragraph. The form and content of the notice, website and information available via the toll-free telephone number shall be subject to the prior approval of the Attorneys
Compensation Disclosure.
 
General. ACE shall commence posting the website and operation of the toll-free telephone number no later than six months after the date of this Assurance.
17. During the period of 2006 through and including 2008, ACE's offices situated and issuing policies in the United States shall not pay any Producer Contingent Compensation relating to the placement of any excess casualty insurance policy. In addition, ACE commits that its offices situated and issuing policies outside the United States shall not pay any Producer Contingent Compensation relating to the placement of any excess casualty insurance policy issued or renewed to any insured domiciled in the United States, which policy is principally associated with covering property or operations situated in the United States. Subsequent to 2008, excess casualty insurance shall be subject to the provisions of paragraph 23.
Prohibition on Contingent Compensation for Excess Casualty.
18. ACE shall undertake the business reforms set forth in paragraphs 19-25 for any offices situated and issuing policies in the United States.
19. Except as set forth in paragraphs 23-25 below, in connection with its issuance, renewal or servicing of insurance policies through a Producer, ACE shall pay as Compensation only a specific dollar amount or percentage commission on the premium set at the time of each purchase, renewal, placement or servicing of a particular insurance policy.
20. ACE shall not offer to pay or pay, directly or indirectly, any Producer any Compensation in connection with the Producer's solicitation of bids for the Producer's clients.
Prohibition on Pay-to-Play.
21. ACE shall not directly or indirectly
Prohibition on Bid Rigging.
 
knowingly offer or provide to any Producer any false, fictitious, artificial, B' or "throw away" quote or indication. Nothing herein shall preclude ACE from offering to provide or providing any bona fide quote or indication.
22. ACE shall not make any promise or commitment to use any Producer's brokerage, agency, producing or consulting services, including reinsurance brokerage, agency or producing services, contingent upon any of the factors listed in paragraph 15 (a) - (f) above.
Prohibition on Leveraging.
23. Within 30 days of receipt of a notice from any of the Attorneys General that the Attorneys General have made a determination, based on market share information available from the National Association of Insurance Commissioners ("NAIC") or A.M. Best Company (or another agreed upon third-party source of market share data if such data is not available from NAIC or A.M. Best for a given insurance line (or product/segment)), that (a) insurers who do not pay Contingent Compensation in a given insurance line (or product/segment) including but not limited to direct writers and insurers that employ only captive agents in the given insurance line (or product/segment) and (b) insurers who have signed Agreements or Assurances with the Attorney General of New York or agreements with other Attorneys General containing this paragraph as applied to them, together represent more than 65% of the national gross written premiums in the given insurance line (or product/segment) in the calendar year for which market share data is most recently available (the "Notice"), ACE shall stop paying Contingent Compensation for such insurance line (or product/segment) beginning on January 1 of the next calendar year following the date of the Notice. If, in any given calendar year after the date of the Notice described above, the market
Additional Limitations on Contingent Compensation.
 
share used in the Notice falls below 60%, ACE shall notify the Attorneys General of the change. If, within 60 days, the Attorneys General do not object to ACE's determination that the market share used in the Notice is below 60%, any prohibition on Contingent Compensation described in the Notice shall cease. If any of the Attorneys General do object to ACE's determination, the Attorneys General shall set forth the reasons for such objections in a written notice to ACE within 60 days of ACE's notification to the Attorneys General. Resort to court action to resolve a dispute related to the determination of market share or the determination that a given insurer does not pay Contingent Compensation under this paragraph shall not be deemed a violation of this Assurance.
24. Except as provided in paragraph 17, in any insurance line or product in which ACE paid Contingent Compensation for the 2004 calendar year or any part thereof, ACE may continue to pay Contingent Compensation until the receipt of a Notice from the Attorneys General that the conditions described in paragraph 23 above have been met. Following receipt of a Notice, ACE may continue to pay any Contingent Compensation accrued or accruing until the end of the calendar year. In no event shall any provisions in paragraphs 23, 24 and 25 be construed to require ACE to take any action that would cause ACE to be in breach of an agreement that is in force as of the date of this Assurance.
25. ACE agrees not to commence the paying of Contingent Compensation in any insurance line (or product/segment) in which it did not pay Contingent Compensation for the 2004 calendar year or any part thereof and where the Attorneys General have sent a Notice pursuant to paragraph 24 above. In the event that ACE intends to enter into any agreement potentially obligating it to make Contingent Compensation payments for any insurance line (or
 
product/segment) in which it did not pay Contingent Compensation for the 2004 calendar year or any part thereof, ACE agrees to give the Attorneys General written notice and a copy of the intended agreement at least 60 days prior to the execution of any such agreement.
26. ACE commits that ACE will enact policies and procedures satisfactory to the Attorneys General and the Superintendent to prevent transactions designed solely to manipulate accounting results, transactions involving insufficient risk transfer created for purposes of improperly qualifying such transactions for reinsurance accounting, and transactions that contain undisclosed side agreements.
Controls on Finite and Non-traditional Reinsurance.
27. ACE shall implement written standards of conduct regarding Compensation paid to Producers, consistent with the terms of this Assurance, subject to approval of the Attorneys General and Superintendent, which implementation shall include, appropriate training of relevant employees, including but not limited to training in business ethics, professional obligations, conflicts of interest, anti trust and trade practices compliance, and record keeping. ACE commits that its insurance subsidiaries doing business outside of the United States directly or through professional intermediaries, with United States resident insureds for policies principally associated with property or operations situated in the United States, will conform their conduct to the requirements of the Assurance and Stipulation.
Standards of Conduct and Training.
inter alia,
28. ACE agrees to support legislation and regulations in the United States to abolish Contingent Compensation for insurance products or lines. ACE further agrees to support legislation and regulations in the United States requiring greater disclosure of Compensation.
 
29. ACE shall not engage or attempt to engage in violations of New York State Executive Law  63(12), New York State's Donnelly Act (Gen. Bus. Law  340 et seq.), New York State's Martin Act (Gen. Bus. Law  352-c), New York Insurance Law, Conn. Gen. Stat.  35-24 42-110a and 33-1335 and the Illinois Antitrust Act, 740 ILCS 10/1 and the Illinois Consumer Fraud and Deceptive Business Practices Act, 815 ILCS 505/1
et
seq.
et
seq.
et
seq.
et
seq.
30. For a period of five years beginning August 7, 2006, ACE will provide annually by May 1 of each year to the Superintendent a report, in a format approved by the Superintendent, that includes:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Such report shall be certified by the Chief Reinsurance Officer and the Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited and a copy of such report shall be submitted to the relevant Audit Committee of ACE.
31. The Chief Reinsurance Officers of ACE will maintain approved lists of reinsurers. ACE will not cede insurance to any reinsurer not set forth on those lists. Such lists will be available to the Superintendent upon examination. All approved reinsurance relationships will be reviewed by the Chief Reinsurance Officer of ACE Limited and such review will include a written determination of whether the reinsurance entity is affiliated or controlled (by ownership, by contract or otherwise) by ACE.
32.
Additional Undertakings.
 
 
33. ACE will maintain and provide to the Superintendent, upon the Superintendent's request, complete underwriting files, including correspondence and e-mails, and risk transfer analysis to the extent required by SSAP 62 relating to all reinsurance ceded or assumed by ACE. ACE will authorize its independent auditors and direct its internal auditors to make available to the Superintendent upon request all workpapers of their auditors, including but not limited to all Schedules of Unadjusted Differences.
34. ACE will file all holding company transactions in a timely manner in compliance with Article 15 of the New York Insurance Law and Department Regulation 52.
 
35. ACE will cooperate fully on all examinations and on all other regulatory requests and will respond to all Department inquiries in a prompt, timely and complete manner and will provide appropriate staff during examinations in order to provide timely responses. Failure to respond to the Department in a timely manner, as required by this paragraph, will constitute violations of this Assurance and the Insurance Law. Any issues that relate to the timeliness of the responses shall be reported to the Chief Financial Officer of ACE Limited.
36. The Chair of the ACE's Audit Committee, if requested, will meet with the Superintendent and/or a designated official of the Superintendent on an annual basis or more frequently as deemed necessary by the Superintendent.
37. ACE shall fully and promptly cooperate with the Attorneys General with regard to their Investigations, and related proceedings and actions, of any other person, corporation or entity, including but not limited to ACE's current and former employees, concerning the insurance industry. ACE shall use its best efforts to ensure that all its officers, directors, employees, and agents also fully and promptly cooperate with the Attorneys General in their Investigations and related proceedings and actions. Cooperation shall include without limitation: (a) production voluntarily and without service of subpoena of any information and all documents or other tangible evidence reasonably requested by any of the Attorneys General, and any compilations or summaries of information or data that any of the Attorneys General reasonably request be prepared; (b) without the necessity of a subpoena, having ACE's officers, directors, employees and agents attend any proceedings at which the presence of any such persons is
 
requested by any of the Attorneys General and having such persons answer any and all inquiries that may be put by any of the Attorneys General (or any deputies, assistants or agents of the Attorneys General) to any of them at any proceedings or otherwise ("proceedings" include but are not limited to any meetings, interviews, depositions, hearings, grand jury hearing, trial or other proceedings); (c) fully, fairly and truthfully disclosing all information and producing all records and other evidence in its possession relevant to all inquiries reasonably made by any of the Attorneys General concerning any fraudulent or criminal conduct whatsoever about which it has any knowledge or information; (d) in the event any document is withheld or redacted on grounds of privilege, work-product or other legal doctrine, a statement shall be submitted in writing by ACE indicating: (i) the type of document; (ii) the date of the document; (iii) the author and recipient of the document; (iv) the general subject matter of the document; (v) the reason for withholding the document; and (vi) the Bates number or range of the withheld document. Any of the Attorneys General may challenge such claim in any forum of their choice and may, without limitation, rely on all documents or communications theretofore produced or the contents of which have been described by ACE, its officers, directors, employees, or agents; and (e) ACE shall not jeopardize the safety of any investigator or the confidentiality of any aspect of the investigation, including sharing or disclosing evidence, documents, or other information with others during the course of the investigation, without the consent of the relevant Attorney General. Nothing herein shall prevent ACE from providing such evidence to other regulators, or as otherwise required by law.
38. ACE shall comply fully with the terms of this Assurance. If ACE
 
violates the terms of paragraph 37 in any material respect, as determined solely by any of the Attorney Generals: (a) each of the Attorney Generals may pursue any action, criminal or civil, against any entity for any crime it has committed, as authorized by law, without limitation; (b) as to any criminal prosecution brought by the New York or Illinois Attorneys General for violation of law committed within six years prior to the date of this Assurance or for any violation committed on or after the date of this Assurance, ACE shall waive any claim that such prosecution is time barred on grounds of speedy trial or speedy arraignment or the statute of limitations.
39. ACE shall implement procedures and controls designed to provide full and complete disclosure to state insurance regulators.
40. ACE commits that it shall not seek or accept, directly or indirectly, indemnification pursuant to any insurance policy, with regard to any or all of the amounts payable pursuant to this Assurance.
41. None of the provisions of this Assurance shall apply to either ACE's Life Insurance Operations or Connecticut's Worker's Compensation Investigation.
42. The Attorneys General agree that any prior approval required under the terms of this Assurance shall not be unreasonably withheld.
43. This Assurance is not intended to disqualify ACE, its subsidiaries, or any of its current employees from engaging in any business in New York, Illinois, Connecticut or in any other jurisdiction. Nothing in this Assurance shall relieve ACE or its subsidiaries of obligations imposed by any applicable state insurance law or regulations or other applicable law.
 
44. This Assurance shall not confer any rights upon any persons or entities besides the Attorneys General and ACE.
45. ACE shall maintain custody of, or make arrangements to have maintained, all documents and records related to this matter for a period of not less than six years.
46. The Attorneys General may make such application as appropriate to enforce or interpret the provisions of this Assurance, or in the alternative, maintain any action, either civil or criminal, for such other and further relief as the Attorneys General may determine is proper and necessary for the enforcement of this Assurance. If compliance with any aspect of this Assurance proves impracticable, ACE reserves the right to request that the parties modify the Assurance accordingly.
47. In any application or in any such action, facsimile transmission of a copy of any papers to current counsel for ACE shall be good and sufficient service on ACE unless ACE designates, in a writing to the relevant Attorney General, another person to receive service by facsimile transmission.
48. Facsimile transmission of a copy of this Assurance to counsel for ACE shall be good and sufficient service on ACE.
49. This Assurance shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York without regard to conflict of laws principles, except that with respect to enforcement actions taken by the Connecticut Attorney General or the Illinois Attorney General. Those actions will be governed by the laws of the state of the Attorney General bringing the action without regard to choice of law principles.
50. This Assurance may be executed in counterparts.
 
Executed this 25
th
day of April, 2006.
 
 
Executed this 25
th
day of April, 2006.
 
 
"As part of today's settlement with the Attorneys General and the Superintendent, ACE acknowledges that certain of its employees violated both acceptable business practices and ACE's own standards of conduct by engaging in behavior that included improper bidding practices and certain finite reinsurance' transactions. ACE apologizes for this conduct. It has reformed its business practices and is satisfied that this behavior will not be repeated.
In order to promote transparency and reduce the potential for conflicts of interest, ACE has supported legislation in the U.S. to eliminate contingent compensation and through this agreement pledges to continue to do so."
This RELEASE (the "Release") is executed this day of , 2006 by RELEASOR (defined below) in favor of RELEASEE (defined below).
    
                    
"RELEASOR" refers to [ ] and any of its affiliates, subsidiaries, associates, general or limited partners or partnerships, predecessors, successors, or assigns, including, without limitation, any of their respective present or former officers, directors, trustees, employees, agents, attorneys, representatives and shareholders, affiliates, associates, general or limited partners or partnerships, heirs, executors, administrators, predecessors, successors, assigns or insurers acting on behalf of RELEASOR.
fill in name
                    
"RELEASEE" refers to ACE Limited and any of its subsidiaries, associates, general or limited partners or partnerships, predecessors, successors, or assigns, including, without limitation, any of their respective present or former officers, directors, trustees, employees, agents, attorneys, representatives and shareholders, affiliates, associates, general or limited partners or partnerships, heirs, executors, administrators, predecessors, successors, assigns or insurers (collectively, "ACE").
"ASSURANCE" refers to an Assurance of Discontinuance and Voluntary Compliance between ACE and the Attorney General of the State of New York, the Attorney General of the State of Illinois and the Attorney General of the State of Connecticut (collectively "Attorneys General") dated April 25, 2006 and an accompanying stipulation between ACE and the Superintendent of Insurance of the State of New York ("NYSI") dated April 25, 2006, relating to (i) investigation by each of the Attorneys General and NYSI related to ACE's alleged use of contingent commission agreements or placement service agreements to steer business; and (ii) investigations by each of the Attorneys General and NYSI related to ACE's alleged participation in bid rigging schemes.
1. In consideration for the total payment of $ in accordance with the terms of the ASSURANCE, RELEASOR does hereby fully release, waive and forever discharge RELEASEE from any and all claims, demands, debts, rights, causes of action or liabilities whatsoever, including known and unknown claims, now existing or hereafter arising, in law, equity or otherwise, whether under state, federal or foreign statutory or common law, and whether possessed or asserted directly, indirectly, derivatively, representatively or in any other capacity (collectively, "claims"), to the extent any such claims are based upon, arise out of or relate to, in whole or in part, (i) any of the allegations, acts, omissions, transactions, events, types of conduct or matters described in the ASSURANCE, or were subject to investigation by any of the Attorneys General and NYSI as referenced in the ASSURANCE; (ii) any allegations, acts, omissions, transactions, events, types of conduct or matters that are the subject of , MDL No. 1663, or the actions pending in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey captioned , Civ. No. 04-5184 (FSH), and . Civ. No. 05-1079 (FSH) or any related actions filed or transferred to the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey that are consolidated into either of the preceding Civil Action dockets; or (iii) any allegations of bid-rigging or of the use of contingent commission agreements or placement service agreements to steer business arising from acts or conduct on or before the date of the ASSURANCE; provided, however, that RELEASOR does not hereby release, waive, or discharge RELEASEE from any claims that are based upon, arise out of or relate to (a) the purchase or sale of
            
In re Insurance Brokerage Antitrust Litigation
In re: Insurance Brokerage Antitrust Litigation
In re Employee Benefit Insurance Brokerage Antitrust Litigation
 
ACE's securities; and (b) ACE's Life Insurance Operations (as defined by the Assurance to which this Release is an exhibit); (c) Connecticut's Worker's Compensation Investigation (as defined by the Assurance to which this Release is an exhibit).
2. In the event that the total payment referred to in paragraph 1 is not made for any reason, then this RELEASE shall be deemed null and void, provided that any payments received by RELEASOR shall be credited to ACE in connection with any claims that RELEASOR may assert against ACE, or that are asserted on behalf of RELEASOR or by a class of which RELEASOR is a member, against ACE.
3. This RELEASE may not be changed orally and shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to choice of law principles, except to the extent that federal law requires that federal law governs. Any disputes arising out of or related to this RELEASE shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York or, to the extent federal jurisdiction exists, the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.
4. Releasor represents and warrants that the claims have not been sold, assigned or hypothecated in whole or in part.
Dated:
 
 

Exhibit 10.2
 
WHEREAS, Respondent ACE Limited is a Cayman Islands corporation with its principal place of business in Bermuda and is a holding company within the meaning of Article 15 of the New York Insurance Law ("Insurance Law") which owns and or controls ACE Group Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, ACE INA Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and the following insurers authorized to transact insurance business in the State of New York: ACE Fire Underwriters Insurance Company, ACE Property and Casualty Insurance Company, Century Reinsurance Company, Bankers Standard Insurance Company, Century Indemnity Company, ACE American Insurance Company, ACE American ReInsurance Company, Insurance Company of North America, Pacific Employers Insurance Company, Westchester Fire Insurance Company, ACE Indemnity Insurance Company, Indemnity Insurance Company of North America and ACE Capital Title Reinsurance Company;
WHEREAS, pursuant to the provisions of Executive Law  63 (12), the Donnelly Act (Gen. Bus. Law  340 the Martin Act (Gen. Bus. Law  352-c) and the common law of the State of New York, Eliot Spitzer, Attorney General of the State of New York, caused an investigation to be made of ACE Limited and its subsidiaries including but not limited to ACE Group Holdings, Inc. and ACE INA Holdings, Inc. (collectively "ACE") relating to practices in the marketing, sale, renewal, placement or servicing of insurance and reinsurance and their accounting and public reporting practices, including those relating to nontraditional and finite insurance and reinsurance (the "Investigation"); and pursuant to Conn. Gen. Stat.  35-24 (the Connecticut Antitrust Act) and Conn. Gen. Stat.  42-110a
et seq.),
et
seq.
et
seq.
(the Connecticut Unfair Trade Practices Act), Richard Blumenthal, Attorney General of the State of Connecticut, caused an investigation to be made of ACE on the subject matter of the Investigation; and pursuant to the Illinois Antitrust Act, 740 ILCS 10/1 and the Illinois
et
seq.
 
Consumer Fraud and Deceptive Business Practices Act, 815 ILCS 505/1 Lisa Madigan, Attorney General of the State of Illinois, caused an investigation to be made of ACE on the subject matter of the Investigation (collectively "Attorneys General Investigations");
et
seq.
WHEREAS, the Superintendent of Insurance of the State of New York ("Superintendent") and the New York State Insurance Department ("Department") conducted an investigation of ACE on the subject matter of the Investigation (the "Superintendent's Investigation");
WHEREAS, the Attorneys General and the Superintendent allege that ACE unlawfully deceived policyholders, regulators and other authorities and shareholders by: (a) participating in schemes to steer business; (b) participating in rigging of bids for excess casualty insurance through Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. ("Marsh"); and (c) improperly using insurance transactions to bolster the quality, quantity and stability of their clients and ACE's earnings;
WHEREAS, ACE has been and is continuing to cooperate with the Attorneys General Investigations and the Superintendent's Investigation;
WHEREAS, the Attorneys General have resolved all issues uncovered to date (with the exception of those areas noted below) in the Attorneys General Investigations pursuant to an Assurance of Discontinuance and Voluntary Compliance (the "Assurance");
WHEREAS, in the wake of the Attorneys General Investigations and the Superintendent's Investigation, ACE has adopted and under the Assurance and this Stipulation, ACE will continue to implement a number of business reforms governing the conduct of employees of ACE;
WHEREAS, the Superintendent and ACE are entering into this Stipulation to resolve all issues uncovered to date in the Superintendent's Investigation, but not including any issues in the Superintendent's current examination of Westchester Fire Insurance Company;
WHEREAS, nothing herein shall be construed to apply to any business or operations involving group and individual: (1) fixed and variable life insurance, (2) fixed and variable, immediate and deferred annuities, (3) accidental death and dismemberment insurance, (4) short and long term disability insurance, (5) long term care insurance, (6) accident and health insurance, including vision and dental insurance, (7) credit insurance, (8) involuntary unemployment insurance, (9) guaranteed investment contracts, and (10) funding agreements (collectively "ACE's Life Insurance Operations"). Nor shall this Stipulation nor any its provisions be construed to apply to or waive any claims or causes of action related to any Loss Portfolio Arrangement, Loss
 
Portfolio Program nor any similar Worker's Compensation arrangement with the State of Connecticut or any department or entity thereof (collectively "Connecticut's Worker's Compensation investigation");
WHEREAS, this Stipulation is entered into solely for the purpose of resolving the Superintendent's Investigation (with the exceptions noted above) and is not intended to be used for any other purpose; NOW THEREFORE
IT IS HEREBY STIPULATED AND AGREED by and between ACE and the Department, subject to the approval of the Superintendent, as follows:
1. On or before June 7, 2006, ACE Group Holdings, Inc. shall pay $40 million into a fund (the "Excess Casualty Fund") held by ACE to be paid to ACE's policyholders who purchased or renewed ACE's Excess Casualty policies (including policies written on the "Bermuda Form" in categories 1 and 2 as classified by ACE), excluding Excess Workers Compensation policies, through Marsh during the period from January 1, 2002 through September 30, 2004 (the "Eligible Policyholders"). All of the money paid into the Excess Casualty Fund and any investment or interest income earned thereon shall be paid to Eligible Policyholders pursuant to this Assurance. No portion of the Excess Casualty Fund shall be considered a fine or a penalty.
2. The Excess Casualty Fund shall be invested in a designated money market fund subject to the prior approval of the Attorneys General and the Superintendent.
3. ACE shall (a) by August 9, 2006 calculate the amount of money each of the Eligible Policyholders paid for excess casualty insurance placed through Marsh with inception or renewal dates during the period from January 1, 2002 through September 30, 2004 (the "Eligible Policies"); (b) within ten days of completing these calculations, file a report with the Attorneys General and the Superintendent, certified by an officer of ACE, setting forth: (i) each Eligible Policyholder's name and address; (ii) the Eligible Policyholder's Eligible Policy(ies) purchased or renewed and policy number(s); (iii) the amount the Eligible Policyholder paid in premiums for each such policy; and (iv) the amount each policyholder is eligible to receive which shall equal each policyholder's pro rata share of the Excess Casualty Fund as calculated by multiplying the amount in the Excess Casualty Fund by the ratio of the policyholder's gross written premium for Eligible Policies for the period from January 1, 2002 through September 30, 2004, divided by the total gross written premium for all Eligible Policies; and (c) by August 23, 2006, send a notice to each Eligible Policyholder, setting forth items (ii) through (iv), above, and stating that the amount paid may increase if there is less than full participation by Eligible Policyholders in the Excess Casualty Fund (the "Excess
 
Notice"). The form of the Excess Notice shall be subject to the prior approval of the Attorneys General and Superintendent.
4. Eligible Policyholders who receive an Excess Notice and who voluntarily elect to receive a cash distribution (the "Participating Policyholders") shall tender a release in the form attached hereto on or before January 26, 2007.
5. On or before March 6, 2007, ACE Group Holdings, Inc. shall pay each Participating Policyholder the amount that that Participating Policyholder is eligible to receive from the Excess Casualty Fund as set forth in paragraph 3(b)(iv) above, and any interest or investment income earned thereon.
6. On or before April 6, 2007, ACE shall file an interim report with the Attorneys General and the Superintendent, certified by an officer of ACE, listing all amounts paid from the Excess Casualty Fund.
7. In the event that any Eligible Policyholder elects not to participate or otherwise does not respond to the Excess Notice (the "Non-Participating Policyholders"), the amount that such policyholder was eligible to receive from the Excess Casualty Fund as set forth in paragraph 3(b)(iv) may be used by ACE to satisfy any pending or other claims asserted by policyholders relating to the excess casualty bid rigging or excess casualty steering allegations set forth in this Assurance, provided that in no event shall a distribution be made from the Excess Casualty Fund to any other policyholder until all Participating Policyholders have been paid the full aggregate amount set forth in paragraph 3(b)(iv) above, and any interest or investment income earned thereon; nor shall the total payments from the Excess Casualty Fund to any Non-Participating Policyholder exceed 80% of the amount that Non-Participating Policyholder was originally eligible to receive as set forth in paragraph 3(b)(iv).
8. If any money remains in the Excess Casualty Fund as of January 7, 2008 any such funds shall be distributed by February 7, 2008 on a pro rata basis to the Participating Policyholders.
9. In no event shall any of the money in the Excess Casualty Fund or the investment or interest income earned thereon be used to pay or considered in the calculation of attorneys fees.
10. In no event shall any of the money in the Excess Casualty Fund or the investment or interest income earned thereon be used to pay or considered in the calculation of commissions, administrative or other fees to ACE.
 
11. On or before February 22, 2008, ACE shall file a report with the Attorneys General and the Superintendent, certified by an officer of ACE, listing all amounts paid from the Excess Casualty Fund, including any payments subsequent to the payments described in paragraph 6.
12. On or before June 7, 2006, ACE Group Holdings, Inc. shall pay $40 million as a fine or penalty of which a $24 million fine will be paid by wire transfer to the State of New York, a $8 million payment will be made in accordance with 815 ILCS 505/7(d) by wire transfer to the State of Illinois and a $8 million penalty will be paid by wire transfer to the State of Connecticut. Each Attorney General and the Superintendent shall provide issuing instructions with respect to the payments. These fines and penalties are imposed for all of the improper conduct described in the Assurance and this Stipulation.
13. ACE commits that ACE will enact policies and procedures satisfactory to the Attorneys General and the Superintendent to prevent transactions designed solely to manipulate accounting results, transactions involving insufficient risk transfer created for purposes of improperly qualifying such transactions for reinsurance accounting, and transactions that contain undisclosed side agreements.
14. ACE shall not engage or attempt to engage in violations of New York State Executive Law  63(12), New York State's Donnelly Act (Gen. Bus. Law  340 et seq.), New York State's Martin Act (Gen. Bus. Law  352-c), New York Insurance Law, Conn. Gen. Stat.  35-24 et seq, 42-1l0a et seq. and 33-1335 and the Illinois Antitrust Act, 740 ILCS 10/1 et seq. and the Illinois Consumer Fraud and Deceptive Business Practices Act, 815 ILCS 505/1 et seq.
15. For a period of five years beginning August 7, 2006, ACE will provide annually by May 1 of each year to the Superintendent a report, in a format approved by the Superintendent, that includes:
a. A review of ceded and assumed reinsurance of the property/casualty insurance subsidiaries of ACE required to file statutory financial statements on the NAIC blanks (the "Property/Casualty Insurers") verifying that all contracts comply with SSAP 62 and 75 and the new NAIC disclosure and attestation
 
requirements including the attestation that with respect to all reinsurance contracts for which the reporting entity is taking credit on its current financial statements, to the best of ACE's knowledge and belief, after diligent inquiry and unless noted as an exception under the attestation requirement:
i. Consistent with SSAP 62, there are no separate written or oral agreements between the reporting entity (or its affiliates or companies it controls) and the assuming reinsurer that would under any circumstances, reduce, limit, mitigate or otherwise affect any actual or potential toss to the parties under the reinsurance contract, other than inuring contracts that are explicitly defined in the reinsurance contract except as disclosed;
ii. For each such reinsurance contract entered into, renewed or amended on or after January 1, 1994, for which risk transfer is not reasonably considered to be self-evident, documentation concerning the economic intent of the transaction and the risk transfer analysis evidencing the proper accounting treatment, as required by SSAP 62 and 75, is available for review;
iii. The reporting entity complies with all the requirements set forth in SSAP 62 and 75, and any supporting documentation is available for review;
iv. The reporting entity has appropriate controls in place to monitor the use of reinsurance and adhere to the provisions of SSAP 62 and 75.
b. A list of all its affiliated insurers, categorized by domicile, whether controlled through ownership or otherwise under the Insurance Law. The list shall include the percentage of ownership or other means by which ACE controls the affiliated insurer.
c. A list of its ownership of five percent or more of the voting shares of any non-affiliated insurer entities.
d. A list of non-affiliated insurers to whom ACE's Property/Casualty Insurers have ceded business during the preceding calendar year either directly, or through retrocession agreements if known, excluding those captive reinsurance entities that do not accept third party business, where the business ceded represents fifty percent or more of the entire direct and assumed premium written by insurer, based upon such insurer's most recent publicly available financial statements.
 
Such report shall be certified by the Chief Reinsurance Officer and the Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited and a copy of such report shall be submitted to the relevant Audit Committee of ACE.
16. The Chief Reinsurance Officers of ACE will maintain approved lists of reinsurers. ACE will not cede insurance to any reinsurer not set forth on those lists. Such lists will be available to the Superintendent upon examination. All approved reinsurance relationships will be reviewed by the Chief Reinsurance Officer of ACE Limited and such review will include a written determination of whether the reinsurance entity is affiliated or controlled (by ownership, by contract or otherwise) by ACE.
17. Additional Undertakings.
a. ACE agrees that it will establish and maintain a training and education program, completion of which will be required for all officers, executives, and employees of ACE who have supervisory responsibility over accounting, financial reporting and public disclosure functions relating to the United States (collectively, the "Mandatory Participants").
b. The training and education program shall be designed to cover, at a minimum, the following: (i) the obligations imposed by federal and state securities law, ACE's financial reporting and disclosure obligations; (ii) the financial reporting and disclosure obligations imposed on ACE by New York State, Illinois and Connecticut insurance laws; (iii) compliance with federal and state anti-trust laws; (iv) proper internal accounting controls and procedures; (v) discovering and recognizing accounting practices that do not conform to GAAP or SSAP or that are otherwise improper; and (vi) the obligations assumed by, and responses expected of the Mandatory Participants upon learning of improper, illegal or potentially illegal acts relating to ACE's accounting and financial reporting. The General Counsel of ACE Limited shall communicate to Mandatory Participants, in writing or by video, its endorsement of the training and education program.
18. ACE will maintain and provide to the Superintendent, upon the Superintendent's request, complete underwriting files, including correspondence and e-mails, and risk transfer analysis to the extent required by SSAP 62 relating to all reinsurance ceded or assumed by ACE. ACE will authorize its independent auditors and direct its internal auditors to make available to the Superintendent upon request all workpapers of their auditors, including but not limited to all Schedules of Unadjusted Differences.
 
19. ACE will file all holding company transactions in a timely manner in compliance with Article 15 of the New York Insurance Law and Department Regulation 52.
20. ACE will cooperate fully on all examinations and on all other regulatory requests and will respond to all Department inquiries in a prompt, timely and complete manner and will provide appropriate staff during examinations in order to provide timely responses. Failure to respond to the Department in a timely manner, as required by this paragraph, will constitute violations of this Assurance and the Insurance Law. Any issues that relate to the timeliness of the responses shall be reported to the Chief Financial Officer of ACE Limited.
21. The Chair of the ACE's Audit Committee, if requested, will meet with the Superintendent and/or a designated official of the Superintendent on an annual basis or more frequently as deemed necessary by the Superintendent.
22. ACE shall implement procedures and controls designed to provide full and complete disclosure to state insurance regulators.
23. ACE commits that it shall not seek or accept, directly or indirectly, indemnification pursuant to any insurance policy, with regard to any or all of the amounts payable pursuant to this Stipulation and the Assurance.
24. None of the provisions of this Stipulation shall apply to either ACE's Life Insurance Operations or Connecticut's Worker's Compensation Investigation.
25. The Superintendent agrees that any prior approval required under the terms of this Stipulation shall not be unreasonably withheld.
26. This Stipulation is not intended to disqualify ACE, its subsidiaries, or any of its current employees from engaging in any business in New York, Illinois, Connecticut or in any other jurisdiction. Nothing in this Stipulation shall relieve ACE or its subsidiaries of obligations imposed by any applicable state insurance law or regulations or other applicable law.
27. This Stipulation shall not confer any rights upon any persons or entities besides the Superintendent, the Department and ACE.
28. ACE shall maintain custody of, or make arrangements to have maintained, all documents and records related to this matter for a period of not less than six years.
 
29. ACE neither admits nor denies the allegations contained in the Assurance or this Stipulation.
30. This Stipulation shall in no way limit the statutory authority of the Superintendent to take regulatory action to enforce this Stipulation, or to examine, investigate and/or take regulatory action against ACE or any current or former licensee of the Department for any violations of the Insurance Law or Department Regulation other than the specific matters resolved by this Stipulation and the Assurance.
31. The monetary obligations described in paragraphs 1-12 above in this Stipulation are identical to the monetary payment obligations contained in the Assurance and, as a result, ACE need only make one payment with respect to each such obligation.
 
April 25
th
, 2006
 
 
On this day of 25
th
day of April, 2006, before me personally came Robert Cusumano, to me known, who, being by me duly sworn, did depose and say that he is the General Counsel of ACE Limited, the corporation described in and which executed the above instrument; and that he signed his name thereto by order of the board of directors of said corporation.
 
 
On this day of 25
th
day of April, 2006, before me personally came Robert Cusumano, to me known, who, being by me duly sworn, did depose and say that he is the General Counsel of ACE Group Holdings, Inc., the corporation described in and which executed the above instrument; and that he signed his name thereto by order of the board of directors of said corporation.
 
THE FOREGOING STIPULATION IS HEREBY APPROVED.
Dated: New York, New York
            April 25, 2006
 
This RELEASE (the "Release") is executed this day of , 2006 by RELEASOR (defined below) in favor of RELEASEE (defined below).
    
                    
"RELEASOR" refers to and any of its affiliates, subsidiaries, associates, general or limited partners or partnerships, predecessors, successors, or assigns, including, without limitation, any of their respective present or former officers, directors, trustees, employees, agents, attorneys, representatives and shareholders, affiliates, associates, general or limited partners or partnerships, heirs, executors, administrators, predecessors, successors, assigns or insurers acting on behalf of RELEASOR.
[fill in name ]
                    
"RELEASEE" refers to ACE Limited and any of its subsidiaries, associates, general or limited partners or partnerships, predecessors, successors, or assigns, including, without limitation, any of their respective present or former officers, directors, trustees, employees, agents, attorneys, representatives and shareholders, affiliates, associates, general or limited partners or partnerships, heirs, executors, administrators, predecessors, successors, assigns or insurers (collectively, "ACE").
"ASSURANCE" refers to an Assurance of Discontinuance and Voluntary Compliance between ACE and the Attorney General of the State of New York, the Attorney General of the State of Illinois and the Attorney General of the State of Connecticut (collectively "Attorneys General") dated April 25, 2006 and an accompanying stipulation between ACE and the Superintendent of Insurance of the State of New York ("NYSI") dated April 25, 2006, relating to (i) investigation by each of the Attorneys General and NYSI related to ACE's alleged use of contingent commission agreements or placement service agreements to steer business; and (ii) investigations by each of the Attorneys General and NYSI related to ACE's alleged participation in bid rigging schemes.
1. In consideration for the total payment of $ in accordance with the terms of the ASSURANCE, RELEASOR does hereby fully release, waive and forever discharge RELEASEE from any and all claims, demands, debts, rights, causes of action or liabilities whatsoever, including known and unknown claims, now existing or hereafter arising, in law, equity or otherwise, whether under state, federal or foreign statutory or common law, and whether possessed or asserted directly, indirectly, derivatively, representatively or in any other capacity (collectively, "claims"), to the extent any such claims arc based upon, arise out of or relate to, in whole or in part, (i) any of the allegations, acts, omissions, transactions, events, types of conduct or matters described in the ASSURANCE, or were subject to investigation by any of the Attorneys General and NYSI as referenced in the ASSURANCE; (ii) any allegations, acts, omissions, transactions, events, types of conduct or matters that are the subject of , MDL No. 1663, or the actions pending in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey captioned , Civ. No. 04-5184 (FSH), and . Civ. No. 05-1079 (FSH) or any related actions filed or transferred to the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey that are consolidated into either of the preceding Civil Action dockets; or (iii) any allegations of bid-rigging or of the use of contingent commission agreements or placement service agreements to steer business arising from acts or conduct on or before the date of the ASSURANCE; provided, however, that RELEASOR does not hereby release, waive, or discharge RELEASEE from any claims that are based upon, arise out of or relate to (a) the purchase or sale of
            
In re Insurance Brokerage Antitrust Litigation
In re: Insurance Brokerage Antitrust Litigation
In re Employee Benefit Insurance Brokerage Antitrust Litigation
ACE's securities; and (b) ACE's Life Insurance Operations (as defined by the Assurance to which this Release is an exhibit); (c) Connecticut's Worker's Compensation Investigation (as defined by the Assurance to which this Release is an exhibit).
2. In the event that the total payment referred to in paragraph I is not made for any reason, then this RELEASE shall be deemed null, and void, provided that any payments received by RELEASOR shall be credited to ACE in connection with any claims that RELEASOR may assert against ACE, or that are asserted on behalf of RELEASOR or by a class of which RELEASOR is a member, against ACE.
3. This RELEASE may not be changed orally and shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to choice of law principles, except to the extent that federal law requires that federal law governs. Any disputes arising out of or related to this RELEASE shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York or, to the extent federal jurisdiction exists, the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.
4. Releasor represents and warrants that the claims have not been sold, assigned or hypothecated in whole or in part.
 
 
By:
                    
Print Name:
                    
Title:


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20060512144110.txt.gz
TIME:20060512144110
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.
On May 8, 2006, ACE INA Holdings Inc. agreed to sell in a public offering $300 million of 6.70% Senior Notes due 2036. The notes will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by ACE Limited.
Attached as Exhibits 1.1 and 1.2 are copies of the underwriting agreement and terms agreement relating to such public offering.
Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: May 12, 2006

Exhibit 1.1
EXECUTION COPY
 
 
 
 
 
EXECUTION COPY
May 8, 2006
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), proposes to issue and sell up to $300,000,000 aggregate initial public offering price, or its equivalent based on the applicable exchange rate at the time of offering in such foreign or composite currencies as the Company shall designate at the time of offering, of its senior or subordinated debt securities (the "Debt Securities"), from time to time, in or pursuant to one or more offerings on terms to be determined at the time of sale. The Debt Securities will be unconditionally guaranteed as to payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest by ACE Limited, a Cayman Islands company (the "Guarantor").
The Debt Securities will be issued in one or more series as senior indebtedness (the "Senior Debt Securities") under an indenture, dated as of August 1, 1999 (the "Senior Indenture"), among the Company, the Guarantor and J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association (as successor to The First National Bank of Chicago), as trustee (the "Senior Trustee"), or as subordinated indebtedness (the "Subordinated Debt Securities") under an indenture (the "Subordinated Indenture", and collectively with the Senior Indenture, the "Indentures", and each, an "Indenture"), dated as of December 1, 1999 among the Company, the Guarantor and J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the "Subordinated Trustee", and collectively with the Senior Trustee, the "Trustees", and each, a "Trustee"). Each series of Debt Securities may vary, as applicable, as to title, aggregate principal amount, rank, interest rate or formula and timing of payments thereof, stated maturity date, redemption and/or repayment provisions, sinking fund requirements, conversion or exchange provisions and any other variable terms established by or pursuant to the applicable Indenture.
Whenever the Company determines to make an offering of Debt Securities, the Company and the Guarantor will enter into an agreement (each, a "Terms Agreement") providing for the sale of such Debt Securities to, and the purchase and offering thereof by, the underwriters specified in the Terms Agreement (the "Underwriters", which term shall include any Underwriter substituted pursuant to Section 10 hereof). The Terms Agreement relating to the offering of Debt Securities shall specify the aggregate principal amount of Debt Securities to be
 
issued (the "Underwritten Securities"), the name of each Underwriter participating in such offering (subject to substitution as provided in Section 10 hereof) and the name of any Underwriter acting as co-manager in connection with such offering, the aggregate principal amount of Underwritten Securities that each such Underwriter severally agrees to purchase, whether such offering is on a fixed or variable price basis and, if on a fixed price basis, the initial offering price, the price at which the Underwritten Securities are to be purchased by the Underwriters, the form, time, date and place of delivery and payment of the Underwritten Securities and any other material variable terms of the Underwritten Securities. The Terms Agreement, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, may take the form of an exchange of any standard form of written telecommunication between the Company and one or more of the Underwriters, acting for themselves and, if applicable, as representative(s) of any other Underwriters. Each offering of Underwritten Securities will be governed by this Underwriting Agreement, as supplemented by the applicable Terms Agreement. As used herein, the term "Representative(s)" means, with respect to any offering of Debt Securities, any Underwriter(s) specified as the representative(s) of the Underwriters of such offering in the applicable Terms Agreement and if none is so designated, it means the Underwriters.
The Company and the Guarantor have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") a joint automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-130378), for the registration of the Debt Securities and the guarantee thereof of the Guarantor (the "Guarantee") under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "1933 Act"), and the offering thereof from time to time in accordance with Rule 415 of the rules and regulations of the Commission under the 1933 Act (the "1933 Act Regulations"). Such registration statement became effective automatically upon filing on December 16, 2006, each Indenture has been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the "1939 Act"), and the Company and the Guarantor have filed such post-effective amendments to such registration statement as may be required prior to the execution of the applicable Terms Agreement and each such post-effective amendment became effective automatically upon filing with the Commission. At any given time, such registration statement (as so amended, if applicable, to such time), including any required information deemed to be a part thereof at such time pursuant to Rule 430B under the 1933 Act (the "Rule 430B Information"), is referred to herein as the "Registration Statement"; and the final base prospectus or prospectuses and the final prospectus supplement relating to the offering of the Underwritten Securities, in the form first furnished to the Underwriters by the Company and the Guarantor for use in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities, are collectively referred to herein as the "Prospectus"; provided, however, that at any given time references to the "Registration Statement" and the "Prospectus" shall also be deemed to include all documents incorporated therein by reference pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "1934 Act"), as of, in the case of the Registration Statement, such given date, or, in the case of the Prospectus, as of the date of the Prospectus. A "preliminary prospectus" shall be deemed to refer to any prospectus used before the Registration Statement became effective and any prospectus that omitted information to be included upon pricing in a form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the 1933 Act Regulations and was used after such effectiveness and prior to the relevant Applicable Time (as defined in the applicable Terms Agreement), including in each case any base prospectus so used and the documents incorporated by reference therein. For purposes of this Underwriting Agreement, all references to the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus or to any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing shall be deemed to include any copy filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system ("EDGAR").
 
The term "Disclosure Package" shall mean (i) each preliminary prospectus, as amended or supplemented, used in connection with the offer of the Underwritten Securities, (ii) the issuer free writing prospectuses as defined in Rule 433 of the Securities Act (each, an "Issuer Free Writing Prospectus"), if any, identified in Schedule I to the applicable Terms Agreement, (iii) any other free writing prospectus that the parties hereto shall hereafter expressly agree in writing to treat as part of the Disclosure Package and (iv) the Final Term Sheet (as defined herein), which also shall be identified in Schedule I to the applicable Terms Agreement.
All references in this Underwriting Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information which is, at a given time, "contained," "included" or "stated" (or other references of like import) in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and schedules and other information which is incorporated by reference or deemed to be included in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus, as the case may be, as of, in the case of the Registration Statement, such given time, or, in the case of the Prospectus, the date of the Prospectus, or, in the case of a preliminary prospectus, the relevant Applicable Time; and all references in this Underwriting Agreement to amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus shall be deemed, at a given time, to mean and include the filing of any document under 1934 Act or the 1933 Act which is incorporated by reference or deemed to be included in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus, as the case may be, after, in the case of the Registration Statement, such given time, or, in the case of the Prospectus, the date of the Prospectus, or, in the case of a preliminary prospectus, the relevant Applicable Time.
SECTION 1. .
Representations and Warranties
(a) The Company and the Guarantor represent and warrant to each Underwriter named in the applicable Terms Agreement, as of the date thereof, as of the Applicable Time and as of the Closing Time (as defined below) (in each case, a "Representation Date"), as follows:
Representations and Warranties by the Company and the Guarantor.
(1) . (i) At the time of filing the Registration Statement, (ii) at the time of the most recent amendment thereto for the purposes of complying with Section 10(a)(3) of the 1933 Act (whether such amendment was by post-effective amendment, incorporated report filed pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act or form of prospectus) and (iii) at the execution time of each of this Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement (with each such date being used as the determination date for purposes of this clause (iii)), the Company was and is a "well known seasoned issuer" as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Act. The Registration Statement is an "automatic shelf registration statement", as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Act, neither the Company nor the Guarantor has received from the Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the 1933 Act objecting to use of the automatic shelf registration statement form and neither the Company nor the Guarantor has otherwise ceased to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration statement form.
Compliance with Registration Requirements; Disclosure
 
(i) At the earliest time after the filing of the Registration Statement relating to the Underwritten Securities that the Company, the Guarantor or another offering participant made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) of the 1933 Act) and (ii) as of the date of the execution and delivery of each of this Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement (with each such date being used as the determination date for purposes of this clause (ii)), neither the Company nor the Guarantor was or is an Ineligible Issuer (as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Act), without taking account of any determination by the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 of the 1933 Act that it is not necessary that either the Company or the Guarantor be considered an Ineligible Issuer.
No stop order has been issued under the 1933 Act and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or the Guarantor, are contemplated by the Commission, and any request on the part of the Commission for additional information has been complied with. In addition, each Indenture has been duly qualified under the 1939 Act.
At the respective times the Registration Statement became effective or was deemed effective with respect to the Underwriters pursuant to Rule 430B(f)(2) under the 1933 Act and at each Representation Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and the 1939 Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission under the 1939 Act (the "1939 Act Regulations") and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.
At the date of the Prospectus and at the Closing Time, neither the Prospectus nor any amendments and supplements thereto included or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
As of the Applicable Time, the Disclosure Package did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
Neither any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus nor the Final Term Sheet, as of its issue date and at all subsequent times through the completion of the offering of the Underwritten Securities or until any earlier date that the Company or the Guarantor notified or notifies the Representatives as described in the next sentence, did not, does not and will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any preliminary prospectus, including any document incorporated by reference therein that has not been superseded or modified. If at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such
 
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any preliminary prospectus, the Company has promptly notified or will promptly notify the Representatives and has promptly amended or supplemented or will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict.
The Company has not distributed and will not distribute, prior to the later of the Closing Time and the completion of the Underwriters' distribution of the Underwritten Securities, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Underwritten Securities other than a preliminary prospectus, the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus reviewed and consented to by the Representatives and included in Schedule I to the applicable Terms Agreement or the Registration Statement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the representations and warranties in this subsection shall not apply to statements in or omissions from the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company or the Guarantor in writing by any Underwriter through the Representative(s) expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus.
To the Company's knowledge, the Registration Statement is not the subject of a pending proceeding or examination under Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the 1933 Act, nor is the Company or the Guarantor the subject of a pending proceeding under Section 8A of the 1933 Act in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities.
Each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus filed as part of the Registration Statement as originally filed or as part of any amendment thereto, or filed pursuant to Rule 424 under the 1933 Act, complied when so filed in all material respects with the 1933 Act Regulations and each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with the offering of Underwritten Securities will, at the time of such delivery, be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.
(2) . The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, at the time they were or hereafter are filed with the Commission, complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (the "1934 Act Regulations") and, when read together with the other information in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, at the Applicable Time or at the date of the Prospectus, as the case may be, and at the Closing Time, did not and will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
Incorporated Documents
(3) . The accountants who certified or shall certify the financial statements and any supporting schedules thereto of the Guarantor included in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus are independent public accountants with respect to the Guarantor and its subsidiaries as required by the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations.
Independent Accountants
 
(4) . The financial statements of the Guarantor included in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, together with the related schedules and notes, as well as those financial statements, schedules and notes of any other entity included therein, present fairly the financial position of the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries, or such other entity, as the case may be, at the dates indicated and the statement of operations, stockholders' equity and cash flows of the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries, or such other entity, as the case may be, for the periods specified. Such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved, except as indicated therein or in the notes thereto. The supporting schedules, if any, included in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus present fairly in accordance with GAAP the information required to be stated therein. The selected financial data and the summary financial information, if any, included in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus present fairly the information shown therein and have been compiled on a basis consistent with that of the related audited financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.
Financial Statements
(5) . Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except as otherwise stated therein (i) neither the Guarantor nor any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) has sustained any material loss or material interference with its business from any action, notice, order or decree from an insurance regulatory authority and (ii) there has been (A) no material adverse change in case reserves or losses or loss expense of the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries (including the Company) and (B) no material adverse change, nor any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business, or results of operations of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries (including the Company) considered as one enterprise, in either case whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business (a "Material Adverse Change").
No Material Adverse Change in Business
(6) . The Company has been duly incorporated and is subsisting and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under, or as contemplated under, this Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement. The Company is duly qualified to transact business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Good Standing of the Company
 
(7) . The Guarantor has been duly incorporated and is subsisting and in good standing under the laws of the Cayman Islands, with corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under, or as contemplated under, this Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement. The Guarantor is duly qualified to transact business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Good Standing of the Guarantor
(8) . Each subsidiary of the Guarantor, other than such subsidiaries as would not, individually or in the aggregate, constitute a "significant subsidiary" as such term is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated under the 1933 Act (each, a "Significant Subsidiary") (including the Company) that is a corporation has been duly incorporated or organized and is an existing corporation in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, with corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; and each such Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor is duly qualified to transact business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of each such Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor has been duly authorized and validly issued and is fully paid and nonassessable; and all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of each such Significant Subsidiary is owned by the Guarantor, directly or through subsidiaries, except for de minimis shareholdings as required to comply with applicable law, and such capital stock is owned free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance, claim or equity (except for restrictions on transferability of the shares of insurance subsidiaries, under applicable law).
Good Standing of Corporate Subsidiaries
(9) . Each Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor that is a partnership has been duly formed and is an existing partnership in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation, with power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; and each such Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; all of the outstanding equity interests of each such Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor have been duly authorized and validly issued; and all of the equity interests of each such Significant Subsidiary are owned by the Guarantor,
Good Standing of Partnership Subsidiaries
 
directly or through subsidiaries, free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance, claim or equity (other than immaterial amounts necessary to comply with applicable law).
(10) . If the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus contains a "Capitalization" section, the authorized, issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Guarantor are as set forth in the column entitled "Actual" under such section (except for subsequent issuances thereof, if any, pursuant to reservations, agreements or employee benefit plans or pursuant to the exercise of convertible securities or options). Such shares of capital stock have been duly authorized and validly issued by the Guarantor and are fully paid and non-assessable, and none of such shares of capital stock was issued in violation of preemptive or other similar rights of any securityholder of the Guarantor.
Capitalization
(11) . This Underwriting Agreement has been, and the applicable Terms Agreement as of the date thereof will have been, duly authorized, executed and delivered by each of the Company and the Guarantor.
Authorization of this Underwriting Agreement and Terms Agreement
(12) . The Underwritten Securities have been, or as of the date of the applicable Terms Agreement will have been, duly authorized by the Company for issuance and sale pursuant to this Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement. Such Underwritten Securities, when issued and authenticated in the manner provided for in the applicable Indenture and delivered against payment of the consideration therefor specified in such Terms Agreement, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), and except further as enforcement thereof may be limited by requirements that a claim with respect to any Underwritten Securities payable in a foreign or composite currency (or a foreign or composite currency judgment in respect of such claim) be converted into U.S. dollars at a rate of exchange prevailing on a date determined pursuant to applicable law or by governmental authority to limit, delay or prohibit the making of payments outside the United States. Such Underwritten Securities will be in the form contemplated by, and each registered holder thereof will be entitled to the benefits of, the applicable Indenture.
Authorization of Underwritten Securities
(13) . The Guarantee has been, or as of the date of such Terms Agreement will have been, duly authorized by the Guarantor for issuance pursuant to this Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement. Such Guarantee, when issued and delivered in the manner provided for in the applicable Indenture, will constitute a valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor, enforceable against the Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws
Authorization of Guarantee
 
affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), and will be in the form contemplated by, and entitled to the benefits of, the Indenture.
(14) . The applicable Indenture has been, or prior to the issuance of the Debt Securities thereunder will have been, duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and the Guarantor and, upon such authorization, execution and delivery, will constitute a valid and binding agreement of the Company and the Guarantor, enforceable against each of them in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).
Authorization of the Indentures
(15) . The Underwritten Securities being sold pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement, the Guarantee and each applicable Indenture, as of each Representation Date, will conform in all material respects to the statements relating thereto contained in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and will be in substantially the form filed or incorporated by reference, as the case may be, as an exhibit to the Registration Statement.
Descriptions of the Underwritten Securities, the Guarantee and the Indentures
(16) . Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, under current laws and regulations of the Cayman Islands and Bermuda and any political subdivision thereof, all interest payable on the Underwritten Securities may be paid by the Guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee to the holders thereof in United States dollars and freely transferred out of the Cayman Islands or Bermuda and all such payments made to holders thereof or therein who are non-residents of the Cayman Islands or Bermuda will not be subject to income, withholding or other taxes under laws and regulations of the Cayman Islands or Bermuda or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein and will otherwise be free and clear of any other tax, duty, withholding or deduction in the Cayman Islands or Bermuda or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein and without the necessity of obtaining any governmental authorization in the Cayman Islands or Bermuda or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein.
Non-Taxation of Interest
(17) . The description of the Guarantor's reserves and reserving methodology and assumptions described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus is accurate and fairly presents the information set forth therein in all material respects and, since the date of the latest financial statements included in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, no loss experience has developed which would require or make it appropriate for the Guarantor to alter or modify such methodology.
Reserves
(18) . Neither the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is in violation of its charter or by-laws, partnership agreement or other constitutive documents or in default in the performance or observance
Absence of Defaults and Conflicts
 
of any obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan or credit agreement, note, lease or other agreement or instrument to which the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to which any of the assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is subject (collectively, "Agreements and Instruments"), except for such defaults that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. The execution, delivery and performance of this Underwriting Agreement, the applicable Terms Agreement and each applicable Indenture and any other agreement or instrument entered into or issued or to be entered into or issued by the Company or the Guarantor in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (including, without limitation, the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities, the issuance of the Guarantee, and the use of the proceeds from the sale of the Underwritten Securities, together with the Guarantee, as described under the caption "Use of Proceeds") and compliance by the Company and the Guarantor, as applicable, with their respective obligations hereunder and thereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and do not and will not, whether with or without the giving of notice or passage of time or both, conflict with or constitute a breach of, or default or Repayment Event (as defined below) under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) pursuant to, any Agreements and Instruments (except for such conflicts, breaches, defaults or Repayment Events or liens, charges or encumbrances that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change), nor will such action result in any violation of the provisions of the charter, by-laws, partnership agreement or other constitutive document of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) or, to the best of the Company's and the Guarantor's knowledge, any applicable law, statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ or decree of any government, government instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) or over any of the assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company), except for such violations under applicable law, statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ or decree as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. As used herein, a "Repayment Event" means any event or condition that gives the holder of any note, debenture or other evidence of indebtedness (or any person acting on such holder's behalf) the right to require the repurchase, redemption or repayment of all or a portion of such indebtedness by the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company).
(19) . There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or brought by any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign, now pending, or to the knowledge of the Company or the Guarantor threatened or contemplated, against or affecting the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) that is required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus (other than as stated therein), or that would
Absence of Proceedings
 
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, or that would reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the ability of the Company or the Guarantor to perform its obligations under this Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement.
(20) . There are no contracts or documents that are required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, the Prospectus or the documents incorporated by reference therein or to be filed as exhibits thereto that have not been so described and filed as required.
Accuracy of Exhibits
(21) . No consent, approval, authorization, or order of, or filing with, any governmental agency or body or any court, domestic or foreign, is required for the due authorization, execution or delivery by the Company or the Guarantor of this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement or for the performance by the Company or the Guarantor of the transactions contemplated under the Prospectus, this Underwriting Agreement, such Terms Agreement or the applicable Indenture, as applicable, except such as have been obtained and made under the 1933 Act, such filing of the Prospectus as has been made with the Bermuda Registrar of Companies under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda and such as may be required under state securities laws.
Absence of Further Requirements
(22) . The Guarantor and its subsidiaries (including the Company) possess such permits, licenses, approvals, consents and other authorizations (collectively, "Governmental Licenses") issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory agencies or bodies necessary to conduct the business now operated by them, except where the failure to so possess any such Governmental Licenses would not, singly or in aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. The Guarantor and its subsidiaries (including the Company) are in compliance with the terms and conditions of all such Governmental Licenses, except where the failure so to comply would not, singly or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. All of the Governmental Licenses are valid and in full force and effect, except where the invalidity of such Governmental Licenses or the failure of such Governmental Licenses to be in full force and effect would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. Neither the Guarantor nor any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such Governmental Licenses that, singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Possession of Licenses and Permits
(23) . Each of the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries (including insurance holding companies) is duly registered, licensed or admitted as an insurer or an insurance holding company (as applicable) in each jurisdiction where it is required to be so licensed or admitted to conduct its business as presently conducted, except where the failure to be so registered, licensed or admitted would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; each of the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries has all other necessary authorizations, approvals, orders, certificates and permits, of and from, and has made all declarations and filings with, all insurance
Insurance Laws
 
authorities, commissions or other insurance regulatory bodies to conduct their respective businesses as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except for where the failure to have such authorizations, approvals, orders, certificates and permits, or to make such declarations and filings, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; all of such authorizations, approvals, orders, certificates and permits are in full force and effect, except where the failure to be in full force and effect would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and neither the Guarantor nor its insurance subsidiaries has received any notification from any insurance authority, commission or other insurance regulatory body to the effect that any additional authorization, approval, order, license, certificate or permit from such authority, commission or body is needed to be obtained by any of the Guarantor or its insurance subsidiaries, except for any authorization, approval, order, license, certificate or permit from any such authority, commission or body the failure of which to obtain, singly or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Each of the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries is in compliance with all applicable insurance statutes and regulations and has filed all reports, documents or other information required to be filed under such statutes and regulations, except where the failure to comply or file would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and each of the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries is in compliance with the insurance laws and regulations of other jurisdictions which are applicable to the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries (as the case may be), except where the failure to comply would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
(24) . Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, no authorization, approval or consent of any governmental authority or agency is required (other than any license as an insurer or insurance holding company and other than those that have already been obtained) under the laws of any jurisdiction in which the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) conduct their respective businesses in connection with the ownership, directly or indirectly, by the Guarantor of equity interests in any subsidiary (including the Company) or the repatriation of any amount from or to the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company), except to the extent that the failure to obtain such authorization, approval or consent would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Governmental Authorization
(25) . The Underwritten Securities, upon issuance, will be excluded or exempted under, or beyond the purview of, the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the "Commodity Exchange Act"), and the rules and regulations of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the Commodity Exchange Act (the "Commodity Exchange Act Regulations").
Commodity Exchange Act
(26) . The Company and the Guarantor are not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities as herein contemplated and the application of the net proceeds therefrom as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus they will not be, an "investment company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act").
Investment Company Act
 
(27) . The Guarantor maintains a system of internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company's principal executive officer and principal financial officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Guarantor's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of the end of the quarter ended March 31, 2006, and the Guarantor was not aware of any material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting at such time.
Internal Controls and Procedures
(b) Any certificate signed by any officer of the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries and delivered to the Representative(s) or to counsel for the Underwriters in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company, the Guarantor or such subsidiary, as the case may be, to each Underwriter as to the matters covered thereby on the date of such certificate and, unless subsequently amended or supplemented, at each Representation Date subsequent thereto.
Officers' Certificates.
SECTION 2. .
Sale and Delivery to Underwriters; Closing
(a) The several commitments of the Underwriters to purchase the Underwritten Securities pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement shall be deemed to have been made on the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained and shall be subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth.
Underwritten Securities.
(b) Payment of the purchase price for, and delivery of, the Underwritten Securities shall be made at the offices of Sidley Austin , 787 Seventh Avenue, New York, New York, or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Representative(s) and the Company, at 9:00 A.M. (Eastern time) on the third (fourth, if the pricing occurs after 4:30 P.M. (Eastern time) on any given day) business day after the date of the applicable Terms Agreement (unless postponed in accordance with the provisions of Section 10 hereof), or such other time not later than ten business days after such date as shall be agreed upon by the Representative(s) and the Company (such time and date of payment and delivery being herein called "Closing Time").
Payment.
LLP
Payment shall be made to the Company by wire transfer of immediately available funds to a bank account designated by the Company, against delivery to the Representative(s) for the respective accounts of the Underwriters of the Underwritten Securities to be purchased by them. It is understood that each Underwriter has authorized the Representative(s), for its account, to accept delivery of, receipt for, and make payment of the purchase price for, the Underwritten Securities which it has severally agreed to purchase. Any Representative, individually and not as representative of the Underwriters, may (but shall not be obligated to) make payment of the purchase price for the Underwritten Securities to be purchased by any Underwriter whose funds have not been received by the Closing Time, but such payment shall not relieve such Underwriter from its obligations hereunder.
(c) If the Underwritten Securities are issued other than in book-entry form, certificates for the Underwritten Securities shall be in such denominations and
Denominations; Registration.
 
registered in such names as the Representative(s) may request in writing at least one full business day prior to the Closing Time. If the Underwritten Securities are issued other than in book-entry form, certificates for the Underwritten Securities will be made available for examination and packaging by the Representative(s) in The City of New York not later than 10:00 A.M. (Eastern time) on the business day prior to the Closing Time.
SECTION 3. . The Company and the Guarantor covenant with the Representative(s) and with each Underwriter participating in the offering of Underwritten Securities, as follows:
Covenants of the Company and the Guarantor
(a) The Company and the Guarantor, subject to Section 3(b), will comply with the requirements of Rule 430B of the 1933 Act Regulations, if and as applicable, and they will notify the Representative(s) immediately, and confirm the notice in writing, of (i) the filing and effectiveness of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or the filing of any supplement or amendment to the Prospectus, (ii) the receipt of any comments from the Commission, (iii) any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus or for additional information, (iv) the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any preliminary prospectus, or of the suspension of the qualification of the Underwritten Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of any proceedings for any of such purposes or of any examination pursuant to Section 8(e) of the 1933 Act concerning the Registration Statement and (v) if the Company or the Guarantor becomes the subject of a proceeding under Section 8A of the 1933 Act in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities. The Company and the Guarantor will effect the filings required under Rule 424(b) of the 1933 Act Regulations, in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)), and will take such steps as they deem necessary to ascertain promptly whether each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus transmitted for filing under Rule 424 was received for filing by the Commission and, in the event that it was not, they will promptly file such preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus. The Company and the Guarantor will make every reasonable effort to prevent the issuance of any stop order and, if any stop order is issued, to obtain the lifting thereof at the earliest possible moment. The Company and the Guarantor agree to pay the required Commission filing fees relating to the Underwritten Securities within the time required by Rule 456(b)(1) of the 1933 Act Regulations without regard to the proviso therein and otherwise in accordance with Rules 456(b) and 457(r) of the 1933 Act Regulations.
Compliance with Securities Regulations and Commission Requests; Payment of Filing Fees.
(b) . The Company and the Guarantor will give the Representative(s) notice of their intention to file or prepare any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment, supplement or revision to either any preliminary prospectus or to the Prospectus, whether pursuant to the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or otherwise, and the Company and the Guarantor will furnish the Representative(s) with copies of any such documents a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing or use, as the case may be, and will give the Representative(s) a reasonable opportunity to comment on any such document prior to such proposed filing or use, as the case may be. The Company will prepare a final term sheet (the "Final Term Sheet") reflecting the
Filing of Amendments and Exchange Act Documents; Preparation of Final Term Sheet
 
final terms of the Underwritten Securities, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative(s) and attached as Schedule II to the applicable Terms Agreement, and shall file such Final Term Sheet as an "issuer free writing prospectus" pursuant to Rule 433 under the 1933 Act Regulations within the time required by such rule.
(c) The Company and the Guarantor have furnished or will deliver to the Representative(s) and counsel for the Underwriters, without charge, signed copies of the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each amendment thereto (including exhibits filed therewith or incorporated by reference therein and documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein or deemed to be a part thereof) and signed copies of all consents and certificates of experts, and will also deliver to the Representative(s), without charge, a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each amendment thereto (without exhibits) for each of the Underwriters. The Registration Statement and each amendment thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.
Delivery of Registration Statements.
(d) The Company and the Guarantor will deliver to each Underwriter, without charge, as many copies of each preliminary prospectus and each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus (as defined below) as such Underwriter may reasonably request, and the Company and the Guarantor hereby consent to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the 1933 Act. The Company and the Guarantor will furnish to each Underwriter, without charge, during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act, such number of copies of the Prospectus as such Underwriter may reasonably request. The Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.
Delivery of Prospectuses.
(e) The Company and the Guarantor will comply with the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and the 1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Underwritten Securities as contemplated in this Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement and in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. If at any time when the Prospectus is required by the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act to be delivered in connection with sales of the Underwritten Securities, any event shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters or for the Company and the Guarantor, to amend the Registration Statement in order that the Registration Statement will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or to amend or supplement the Prospectus in order that the Prospectus will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading in the light of the circumstances existing at the time it is delivered to a purchaser, or if it shall be necessary, in the opinion of such counsel, at any such time to amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement the Prospectus in order to comply with the requirements of the 1933 Act or the 1933 Act Regulations, the Company and the Guarantor will promptly prepare and file with the Commission, at its own expense, subject to Section 3(b), such amendment or supplement as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or to comply with such requirements, the
Continued Compliance with Securities Laws.
 
Company and the Guarantor will use their best efforts to have such amendment declared effective as soon as practicable (if it is not automatically effective with respect to the Underwritten Securities), and the Company and the Guarantor will furnish to the Underwriters, without charge, such number of copies of such amendment or supplement as the Underwriters may reasonably request. Neither the Representatives' consent to, nor any Underwriters' delivery of, any such amendment or supplement shall constitute a waiver of any of the conditions set forth in Section 5. If at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or any preliminary prospectus or included or would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances prevailing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company and the Guarantor will promptly notify the Representative(s) and will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement or omission and will promptly file such amendment or supplement with the Commission.
(f) The Company and the Guarantor will use their best efforts, in cooperation with the Underwriters, to qualify the Underwritten Securities for offering and sale under the applicable securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions (domestic or foreign) as the Representative(s) may designate and to maintain such qualifications in effect for a period of not less than one year from the date of the applicable Terms Agreement; provided, however, that the Company and the Guarantor shall not be obligated to file any general consent to service of process or to qualify as a foreign corporation or as a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which they are not so qualified or to subject themselves to taxation in respect of doing business in any jurisdiction in which they are not otherwise so subject. In each jurisdiction in which the Underwritten Securities have been so qualified, the Company and the Guarantor will file such statements and reports as may be required by the laws of such jurisdiction to continue such qualification in effect for a period of not less than one year from the date of such Terms Agreement.
Blue Sky Qualifications.
(g) . The Guarantor and, to the extent separately required pursuant to Rule 158 under the 1933 Act, the Company will timely file such reports pursuant to the 1934 Act as are necessary in order to make generally available to its securityholders as soon as practicable an earnings statement for the purposes of, and to provide the benefits contemplated by, the last paragraph of Section 11(a) of the 1933 Act.
Earnings Statement
(h) The Company will use the net proceeds received by it from the sale of the Underwritten Securities in the manner specified under "Use of Proceeds" in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.
Use of Proceeds.
(i) The Company and the Guarantor will use their best efforts to effect the listing of the Underwritten Securities, prior to the Closing Time, on any national securities exchange or quotation system if and as specified in the applicable Terms Agreement.
Listing.
(j) Between the date of the applicable Terms Agreement and the Closing Time or such other date specified in such Terms Agreement, neither
Restriction on Sale of Debt Securities.
 
the Company nor the Guarantor will, without the prior written consent of the Representative(s), directly or indirectly, issue, sell, offer or contract to sell, grant any option for the sale of, or otherwise dispose of, the debt securities specified in such Terms Agreement.
(k) The Guarantor, during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act, will file all documents required to be filed with the Commission pursuant to the 1934 Act within the time periods required by the 1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations.
Reporting Requirements.
(l) The Company and the Guarantor will jointly and severally indemnify and hold harmless the Underwriters against any documentary, stamp or similar issue tax, including any interest and penalties, on the creation, issue and sale of the Underwritten Securities and on the execution and delivery of this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement. All payments to be made by the Company or the Guarantor hereunder shall be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties or governmental charges whatsoever unless the Company or the Guarantor is compelled by law to deduct or withhold such taxes, duties or charges. In that event, the Company or the Guarantor shall pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received after such withholding or deduction shall equal the amounts that would have been received if no withholding or deduction had been made.
Documentary, Stamp or Similar Issue Taxes.
(m) Each of the Company and the Guarantor represents that it has not made, and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Representative(s), it will not make, any offer relating to the Underwritten Securities that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute a "free writing prospectus" (as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Regulations) required to be filed by the Company or the Guarantor with the Commission or retained by the Company or the Guarantor under Rule 433 of the 1933 Act Regulations; provided that the prior written consent of the Representative(s) shall be deemed to have been given in respect of the free writing prospectuses listed in Schedule I to the applicable Terms Agreement. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Representative(s) is hereinafter referred to as a "Permitted Free Writing Prospectus". Each of the Company and the Guarantor agrees that (i) it has treated and will treat, as the case may be, each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and (ii) has complied and will comply, as the case may be, with the requirements of Rules 164 and 433 of the 1933 Act Regulations applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including in respect of timely filing with the Commission, legending and record keeping. Each of the Company and the Guarantor consents to the use by any Underwriter of a free writing prospectus that (a) is not an "issuer free writing prospectus" as defined in Rule 433, and (b) contains only (i) information describing the preliminary terms of the Underwritten Securities or their offering, (ii) information permitted by Rule 134 of the 1933 Act Regulations or (iii) information that describes the final terms of the Underwritten Securities or their offering and that is included in the Final Term Sheet
Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses.
(n) . If immediately prior to the third anniversary (the "Renewal Deadline") of the initial effective date of the Registration Statement, any of the Underwritten Securities remain unsold by the Underwriters, the Company and the Guarantor will prior to the Renewal Deadline file, if it has not already done so and is eligible to
Registration Statement Renewal Deadline
 
do so, a new automatic shelf registration statement relating to the Underwritten Securities, in a form satisfactory to the Representative(s). If the Company or the Guarantor is no longer eligible to file an automatic shelf registration statement, the Company and the Guarantor will prior to the Renewal Deadline, if it has not already done so, file a new shelf registration statement relating to the Underwritten Securities, in a form satisfactory to the Representative(s), and will use its best efforts to cause such registration statement to be declared effective within 60 days after the Renewal Deadline. The Company and the Guarantor will take all other action necessary or appropriate to permit the public offering and sale of the Underwritten Securities to continue as contemplated in the expired registration statement relating to the Underwritten Securities. References herein to the Registration Statement shall include such new automatic shelf registration statement or such new shelf registration statement, as the case may be.
(o) If at any time when Underwritten Securities remain unsold by the Underwriters either the Company or the Guarantor receives from the Commission a notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations or otherwise ceases to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration statement form, the Company or the Guarantor will (i) promptly notify the Representative(s), (ii) promptly file a new registration statement or post-effective amendment on the proper form relating to the Underwritten Securities, in a form satisfactory to the Representative(s), (iii) use its best efforts to cause such registration statement of post-effective amendment to be declared effective and (iv) promptly notify the Representative(s) of such effectiveness. The Company and the Guarantor will take all other action necessary or appropriate to permit the public offering and sale of the Underwritten Securities to continue as contemplated in the registration statement that was the subject of the Rule 401(g)(2) notice or for which the Company or the Guarantor has otherwise become ineligible. References herein to the Registration Statement shall include such new registration statement or post-effective amendment, as the case may be.
Notice of Inability to Use Automatic Shelf Registration Statement Form.
SECTION 4. .
Payment of Expenses
(a) The Company and the Guarantor will pay all expenses incidental to the performance of their obligations under this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement, including (i) the preparation, printing and filing of the Registration Statement (including financial statements and exhibits) as originally filed and of each amendment thereto, (ii) the preparation, printing and delivery to the Underwriters of this Underwriting Agreement, any Terms Agreement, any Agreement among Underwriters, the Indentures, and such other documents as may be required in connection with the offering, purchase, sale, issuance or delivery of the Underwritten Securities, (iii) the preparation, issuance and delivery of the Underwritten Securities and any certificates for the Underwritten Securities, to the Underwriters, including any transfer taxes and any stamp or other duties payable upon the sale, issuance or delivery of the Underwritten Securities to the Underwriters, (iv) the fees and disbursements of the Company's and the Guarantor's counsel, accountants and other advisors or agents (including transfer agents and registrars), as well as the fees and disbursements of the Trustees, and their respective counsel, (v) the qualification of the Underwritten Securities under state securities laws in accordance with the provisions of Section 3(f) hereof, including filing fees and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters in connection therewith and in connection with the preparation, printing and delivery of the Blue Sky Survey, and any amendment thereto, (vi) the printing and delivery to the Underwriters and filing of copies of each
Expenses.
 
preliminary prospectus, the Prospectus, any free writing prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, (vii) the fees charged by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations for the rating of the Underwritten Securities, if applicable, (viii) the fees and expenses incurred with respect to the listing of the Underwritten Securities, if applicable, and (ix) the filing fees incident to, and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Underwriters in connection with, the review, if any, by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. (the "NASD") of the terms of the sale of the Underwritten Securities.
(b) If the applicable Terms Agreement is terminated by the Representative(s) in accordance with the provisions of Section 5 or Section 9(a)(i) or 9(a)(ii) hereof, the Company and the Guarantor shall reimburse the Underwriters for all of their out-of-pocket expenses, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters.
Termination of Agreement.
SECTION 5. . The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Underwritten Securities pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement are subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company and the Guarantor contained in Section 1(a) hereof or in certificates of any officer of the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries delivered pursuant to the provisions hereof, to the performance by the Company and the Guarantor of their covenants and other obligations hereunder, and to the following further conditions:
Conditions of Underwriters' Obligations
(a) The Registration Statement has become effective under the 1933 Act; no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued under the 1933 Act and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or be pending or threatened by the Commission; any request on the part of the Commission for additional information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of counsel to the Underwriters; no notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations shall have been received by the Company or the Guarantor objecting to the use of the automatic shelf registration statement form; the Registration Statement is not the subject of a pending proceeding or examination under Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the 1933 Act, and neither the Company nor the Guarantor is the subject of a pending proceeding under Section 8A of the 1933 Act in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities. Each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus shall have been filed with the Commission (including the information required by Rule 430B of the 1933 Act Regulations) in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) of the 1933 Act Regulations without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8) of the 1933 Act Regulations, or a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement containing the information required by such Rule 430B shall have been filed, and such post-effective amendment shall have become effective. The Final Term Sheet and any other material required to be filed by the Company or the Guarantor pursuant to Rule 433(d) of the 1933 Act Regulations, shall have been filed with the Commission within the applicable time periods prescribed for such filings under such Rule 433.
Effectiveness of Registration Statement; No Objection from the NASD; Filings.
(b) . At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received the favorable opinions, each dated as of Closing Time, of Maples and Calder, Cayman Islands counsel for the Guarantor, Conyers Dill & Pearman, Bermuda Counsel for the Guarantor, Peter N. Mear, Esq., General Counsel of the Guarantor, and
Opinions of Counsel for Company and Guarantor
 
Mayer, Brown, Rowe & Maw LLP, United States counsel for the Company and the Guarantor, in form and substance satisfactory to counsel for the Underwriters, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letters for each of the other Underwriters, to the effect set forth in: Exhibit B hereto with respect to the opinion of Maples and Calder; Exhibit C hereto with respect to the opinion of Conyers Dill & Pearman; Exhibit D hereto with respect to the opinion of Peter N. Mear, Esq. and Exhibit E hereto with respect to the opinion of Mayer, Brown, Rowe & Maw LLP, and, as to each opinion, to such further effect as the Underwriters may reasonably request.
(c) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received the favorable opinion, dated as of Closing Time, of Sidley Austin , counsel for the Underwriters, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriters, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letter for each of the other Underwriters. In giving such opinion, such counsel may rely, as to all matters governed by the laws of jurisdictions other than the law of the State of New York, the federal law of the United States and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, upon the opinions of counsel satisfactory to the Representative(s). Such counsel may also state that, insofar as such opinion involves factual matters, they have relied, to the extent they deem proper, upon certificates of officers of the Company, the Guarantor and their respective subsidiaries and certificates of public officials.
Opinion of Counsel for Underwriters.
LLP
(d) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received a certificate of the President or a Vice President of the Company and of the chief financial officer or chief accounting officer of the Company, dated as of Closing Time, to the effect that (i) there has not been, since the date of the applicable Terms Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, any material adverse change, or any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (ii) the representations and warranties of the Company in Section 1(a) are true and correct with the same force and effect as though expressly made at and as of the Closing Time, (iii) the Company has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to the Closing Time, and (iv) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted, are pending or, to the best of such officer's knowledge, are threatened by the Commission.
Company Officers' Certificate.
(e) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received a certificate of either the Chairman, the President and Chief Executive Officer or the General Counsel and Secretary of the Guarantor and of either the chief financial officer, chief accounting officer or chief investment officer of the Guarantor, dated as of Closing Time, to the effect that, to the best of their knowledge and after reasonable investigation, (i) there has not been, since the date of the applicable Terms Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, any material adverse change, or any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business or results of operations of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (ii) the representations and warranties of the Guarantor in Section 1(a) are true and correct with the same force and effect as though expressly made at and as of the Closing Time, (iii) the Guarantor has complied
Guarantor Officers' Certificate.
 
with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to the Closing Time, and (iv) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted, are pending or are threatened by the Commission.
(f) At the time of the execution of the applicable Terms Agreement, the Representative(s) shall have received from Pricewaterhouse Coopers letters, each dated such date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative(s), together with signed or reproduced copies of such letters for each of the other Underwriters, containing statements and information of the type ordinarily included in accountants' "comfort letters" to underwriters with respect to the financial statements and certain financial information contained in the Registration Statement, the preliminary prospectus or prospectuses that are part of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.
Accountant's Comfort Letters.
LLP
(g) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received from Pricewaterhouse Coopers letters, each dated as of Closing Time, to the effect that they reaffirm the statements made in the letters furnished pursuant to subsection (f) of this Section 5, except that the specified date referred to shall be a date not more than three business days prior to the Closing Time.
Bring-down Comfort Letters.
LLP
(h) At Closing Time, the Underwritten Securities shall have the ratings accorded by any "nationally recognized statistical rating organization", as defined by the Commission for purposes of Rule 436(g)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations ("Rating Organization"), if and as specified in the applicable Terms Agreement, and the Company and the Guarantor shall have delivered to the Representative(s) a letter, dated as of such date, from each such rating organization, or other evidence satisfactory to the Representative(s), confirming that the Underwritten Securities have such ratings. Since the time of execution of such Terms Agreement, there shall not have occurred a downgrading in, or withdrawal of, the rating assigned to the Underwritten Securities or any of the Guarantor's other securities or the Guarantor's financial strength or claims paying ability by any such Rating Organization, and no such Rating Organization shall have publicly announced that it has under surveillance or review with negative implications its rating of the Underwritten Securities or any of the Guarantor's other securities or the Guarantor's financial strength or claims paying ability.
Ratings.
(i) At Closing Time, the Underwritten Securities shall have been approved for listing, subject only to official notice of issuance, on the securities exchanges, if any, specified in the applicable Terms Agreement.
Approval of Listing.
(j) At Closing Time, counsel for the Underwriters shall have been furnished with such documents and opinions as they may require for the purpose of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities as herein contemplated, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the conditions, herein contained; and all proceedings taken by the Company and the Guarantor in connection with the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities and the Guarantee as herein contemplated shall be satisfactory in form and substance to the Representative(s) and counsel for the Underwriters.
Additional Documents.
 
(k) If any condition specified in this Section 5 shall not have been fulfilled when and as required to be fulfilled, the applicable Terms Agreement may be terminated by the Representative(s) by notice to the Company and the Guarantor at any time at or prior to the Closing Time, and such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except as provided in Section 4 and except that Sections 1, 6, 7 and 8 shall survive any such termination and remain in full force and effect.
Termination of Terms Agreement.
 
(a) The Company and the Guarantor agree to jointly and severally indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter and each person, if any, who controls any Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act as follows:
Indemnification of Underwriters.
(1) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B Information deemed to be a part thereof, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact included in any preliminary prospectus, the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the information contained in the Final Term Sheet, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;
(2) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, to the extent of the aggregate amount paid in settlement of any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission; provided that (subject to Section 6(d) below) any such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company and the Guarantor; and
(3) against any and all expense whatsoever, as incurred (including the fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by the Representative(s)), reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission, to the extent that any such expense is not paid under (1) or (2) above;
, , that this indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense to the extent arising out of any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company or the Guarantor by any Underwriter through the Representative(s) expressly for use in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B Information deemed to be a part thereof or any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto).
provided
however
 
(b) Each Underwriter severally and not jointly agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, the Guarantor, their respective directors, each of their respective officers who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company or the Guarantor within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the indemnity contained in subsection (a) of this Section, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions, made in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B Information deemed to be a part thereof or any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company or the Guarantor by such Underwriter through the Representative(s) expressly for use in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto) or such preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto).
Indemnification of Company, Guarantor, Directors and Officers.
(c) Each indemnified party shall give notice as promptly as reasonably practicable to each indemnifying party of any action commenced against it in respect of which indemnity may be sought hereunder, but failure to so notify an indemnifying party shall not relieve such indemnifying party from any liability hereunder to the extent it is not materially prejudiced as a result thereof and in any event shall not relieve it from any liability which it may have otherwise than on account of this indemnity agreement. In the case of parties indemnified pursuant to Section 6(a) above, counsel to the indemnified parties shall be selected by the Representative(s), and, in the case of parties indemnified pursuant to Section 6(b) above, counsel to the indemnified parties shall be selected by the Guarantor. An indemnifying party may participate at its own expense in the defense of any such action; provided, however, that counsel to the indemnifying party shall not (except with the consent of the indemnified party) also be counsel to the indemnified party. In no event shall the indemnifying parties be liable for fees and expenses of more than one counsel (in addition to any local counsel) separate from their own counsel for all indemnified parties in connection with any one action or separate but similar or related actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified parties, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever in respect of which indemnification or contribution could be sought under this Section 6 or Section 7 hereof (whether or not the indemnified parties are actual or potential parties thereto), unless such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes an unconditional release of each indemnified party from all liability arising out of such litigation, investigation, proceeding or claim and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party.
Actions against Parties; Notification.
(d) If at any time an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel, such indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of the nature contemplated by Section 6(a)(2) effected without its written consent if (i) such
Settlement without Consent if Failure to Reimburse.
 
settlement is entered into more than 45 days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request, (ii) such indemnifying party shall have received notice of the terms of such settlement at least 30 days prior to such settlement being entered into and (iii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed such indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement.
SECTION 7. . If the indemnification provided for in Section 6 hereof is for any reason unavailable to or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the aggregate amount of such losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses incurred by such indemnified party, as incurred, (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, from the offering of the Underwritten Securities pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations.
Contribution
The relative benefits received by the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the total net proceeds from the offering of such Underwritten Securities (before deducting expenses) received by the Company and the total underwriting discount received by the Underwriters, in each case as set forth on the cover of the Prospectus bear to the aggregate initial public offering price of such Underwritten Securities as set forth on such cover.
The relative fault of the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any such untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or the Guarantor or by the Underwriters and the parties' relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission.
The Company, the Guarantor and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 7 were determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to above in this Section 7. The aggregate amount of losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses incurred by an indemnified party and referred to above in this Section 7 shall be deemed to include any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 7, no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total price at which the
 
Underwritten Securities underwritten by it and distributed to the public were offered to the public exceeds the amount of any damages which such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason of any such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.
No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.
For purposes of this Section 7, each person, if any, who controls an Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act shall have the same rights to contribution as such Underwriter, and each director of the Company and the Guarantor, each officer of the Company and the Guarantor who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company or the Guarantor within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company and the Guarantor. The Underwriters' respective obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 7 are several in proportion to the aggregate principal amount of Initial Underwritten Securities set forth opposite their respective names in the applicable Terms Agreement, and not joint.
SECTION 8. . All representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement or in certificates of officers of the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries submitted pursuant hereto or thereto shall remain operative and in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or controlling person, or by or on behalf of the Company or the Guarantor, and shall survive delivery of and payment for the Underwritten Securities.
Representations, Warranties and Agreements to Survive Delivery
SECTION 9. .
Termination
(a) The Representative(s) may terminate this Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement, by notice to the Company and the Guarantor, at any time at or prior to the Closing Time, if (i) there has been, since the time of execution of such Terms Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, any material adverse change, or any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (ii) there has been, since the time of execution of such Terms Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Prospectus, any material adverse change, or any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business or results of operations of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (iii) there has occurred any material adverse change in the financial markets in the United States or any outbreak of hostilities or escalation thereof or other calamity or crisis or any change or development involving a prospective change in national or international political, financial or economic conditions, in each case referred to in this clause (iii), the effect of which is such as to make it, in the judgment of the Representative(s), impracticable or inadvisable to market the Underwritten Securities or to enforce contracts for the sale of the Underwritten Securities, (iv) any downgrading in the rating of any debt securities of the
Terms Agreement.
 
Guarantor or the Company or the insurance claims paying ability rating or other insurance rating of the Guarantor or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, in each case by any "nationally recognized statistical rating organization" (as defined for purposes of Rule 436 (g) under the 1933 Act), or any public announcement that any such organization has under surveillance or review its rating of any debt securities of the Guarantor or the Company (other than an announcement with positive implications of a possible upgrading, and no implication of a possible downgrading, of such rating) or of the insurance claims paying ability or other insurance rating of the Guarantor or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, (v) trading in any securities of the Company or the Guarantor has been suspended or materially limited by the Commission or the New York Stock Exchange, or if trading generally on the New York Stock Exchange or the American Stock Exchange or in the Nasdaq National Market has been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices have been required, by either of said exchanges or by such system or by order of the Commission, the NASD or any other governmental authority or a material disruption has occurred in commercial banking or securities settlement or clearance services in the United States or (vi) a banking moratorium has been declared by either U.S. Federal, New York or Bermuda authorities or, if the Underwritten Securities are denominated or payable in, or indexed to, one or more foreign or composite currencies, by the relevant authorities in the related foreign country or countries.
(b) If this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section 9, such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except as provided in Section 4 hereof, and provided further that Sections 1, 6, 7 and 8 shall survive such termination and remain in full force and effect.
Liabilities.
SECTION 10. . If one or more of the Underwriters shall fail at the Closing Time to purchase the Underwritten Securities which it or they are obligated to purchase under the applicable Terms Agreement (the "Defaulted Securities"), then the Representative(s) shall have the right, within 24 hours thereafter, to make arrangements for one or more of the non-defaulting Underwriters, or any other underwriters, to purchase all, but not less than all, of the Defaulted Securities in such amounts as may be agreed upon and upon the terms herein set forth; if, however, the Representative(s) shall not have completed such arrangements within such 24-hour period, then:
Default by One or More of the Underwriters
(a) if the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of Defaulted Securities does not exceed 10% of the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of Underwritten Securities to be purchased on such date pursuant to such Terms Agreement, the non-defaulting Underwriters shall be obligated, severally and not jointly, to purchase the full amount thereof in the proportions that their respective underwriting obligations under such Terms Agreement bear to the underwriting obligations of all non-defaulting Underwriters, or
(b) if the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of Defaulted Securities exceeds 10% of the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of Underwritten Securities to be purchased on such date pursuant to such Terms Agreement, such Terms Agreement shall terminate without liability on the part of any non-defaulting Underwriter.
 
No action taken pursuant to this Section 10 shall relieve any defaulting Underwriter from liability in respect of its default.
In the event of any such default which does not result in a termination of the applicable Terms Agreement, either the Representative(s) or the Company shall have the right to postpone the Closing Time for a period not exceeding seven days in order to effect any required changes in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or in any other documents or arrangements.
SECTION 11. . All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if mailed or transmitted by any standard form of telecommunication. Notices to the Underwriters shall be directed to the Representatives at the address specified in the applicable Terms Agreement; notices to the Company shall be directed to it at 436 Walnut Street, Philadelphia, PA 19106, attention of General Counsel; and notices to the Guarantor shall be directed to it at ACE Global Headquarters, 17 Woodbourne Avenue, Hamilton HM 08 Bermuda, attention of General Counsel and Secretary.
Notices
SECTION 12. . This Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement shall each inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and the Guarantor and, upon execution of such Terms Agreement, any Underwriters named therein and their respective successors. Nothing expressed or mentioned in this Underwriting Agreement or such Terms Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give any person, firm or corporation, other than the Underwriters, the Company, the Guarantor and their respective successors and the controlling persons and officers and directors referred to in Sections 6 and 7 and their heirs and legal representatives, any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Underwriting Agreement or such Terms Agreement or any provision herein or therein contained. This Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement and all conditions and provisions hereof and thereof are intended to be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto and thereto and their respective successors, and said controlling persons and officers and directors and their heirs and legal representatives, and for the benefit of no other person, firm or corporation. No purchaser of Underwritten Securities from any Underwriter shall be deemed to be a successor by reason merely of such purchase.
Parties
SECTION 13. . Each of the parties hereto hereby expressly and irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any competent court in the place of its domicile and any United States Federal or New York State court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York in any action, suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby to the extent that such court has subject matter jurisdiction over the controversy, and expressly and irrevocably waives, to the extent permitted under applicable law, any immunity from the jurisdiction thereof and any claim or defense in such action, suit or proceeding based on a claim of improper venue, or any similar basis to which it might otherwise be entitled in any such action, suit or proceeding. Each of the Company and the Guarantor irrevocably appoints ACE USA, Inc., 1133 Avenue of the Americas, 32
Consent to Jurisdiction; Miscellaneous
forum non conveniens
nd
Floor, New York, New York 10036, as its authorized agent in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York upon which process may be served in any such action, suit or proceeding, and agrees that service of process upon such agent, and written notice of said
 
service to the Company or the Guarantor by the person serving the same to the address provided in Section 11, shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon the Company or the Guarantor, as the case may be, in any such action, suit or proceeding. Each of the Company and the Guarantor further agrees to take any and all action as may be necessary to maintain such designation and appointment of such agent in full force and effect for a period of seven years from the date of this Underwriting Agreement.
SECTION 14. . To the extent that the Company or the Guarantor or any of their respective properties, assets or revenues may have or may hereafter become entitled to, or have attributed to them, any right of immunity, on the grounds of sovereignty, from any legal action, suit or proceeding, from set-off or counterclaim, from the jurisdiction of any court, from service of process, from attachment upon or prior to judgment, or from attachment in aid of execution of judgment, or from execution of judgment, other legal process or proceeding for the giving of any relief or for the enforcement of any judgment, in any jurisdiction in which proceedings may at any time be commenced, with respect to their obligations, liabilities or any other matter under or arising out of or in connection with this Underwriting Agreement or any additional agreement, each of the Company and the Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally, to the extent permitted by applicable law, waives and agrees not to plead or claim any such immunity and consents to such relief and enforcement.
WAIVER OF IMMUNITIES
SECTION 15. . The Company and the Guarantor jointly and severally agree to indemnify each Underwriter against any loss incurred by such Underwriter as a result of any judgment or order being given or made for any amount due hereunder and such judgment or order being expressed and paid in a currency (the "Judgment Currency") other than United States dollars and as a result of any variation as between (i) the rate of exchange at which the United States dollar amount is converted into the Judgment Currency for the purpose of such judgment or order, and (ii) the rate of exchange at which such Underwriter is able to purchase United States dollars with the amount of the Judgment Currency actually received by such Underwriter. The foregoing indemnity shall constitute a separate and independent obligation of each of the Company and the Guarantor and shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any such judgment or order as aforesaid. The term "rate of exchange" shall include any premiums and costs of exchange payable in connection with the purchase of, or conversion into, the relevant currency.
JUDGMENT CURRENCY
SECTION 16. . The Company and the Guarantor acknowledge and agree that (i) the purchase and issuance of the Underwritten Securities pursuant to this Agreement is an arm's-length commercial transaction between the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the several Underwriters, on the other, (ii) in connection therewith and with the process leading to such transaction each Underwriter is acting solely as a principal and not the agent or fiduciary of the Company or the Guarantor, (iii) no Underwriter has assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company or the Guarantor with respect to the offering contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether such Underwriter has advised or is currently advising the Company or the Guarantor on other matters) or any other obligation to the Company or the Guarantor except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement and (iv) the Company and the Guarantor have consulted their own legal and financial advisors to the extent they deemed appropriate. The Company and the Guarantor agree that they will not claim that the Underwriters, or any of them,
NO ADVISORY OR FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY
 
has rendered advisory services of any nature or respect, or owes a fiduciary or similar duty to the Company or the Guarantor, in connection with such transaction or the process leading thereto.
SECTION 17. . THIS UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT AND ANY APPLICABLE TERMS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. SPECIFIED TIMES OF DAY REFER TO NEW YORK CITY TIME.
GOVERNING LAW AND TIME
SECTION 18. . The Article and Section headings herein and the Table of Contents are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.
EFFECT OF HEADINGS
 
 

Exhibit 1.2
Exhibit A
[-]
 
436 Walnut Street, WB12B
Philadelphia, PA 19106
ACE LIMITED
ACE Global Headquarters
17 Woodbourne Avenue
Hamilton HM 08, Bermuda
Ladies and Gentlemen:
We understand that ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware company (the "Company"), proposes to issue and sell $ aggregate principal amount of its [senior] [subordinated] debt securities (the "Underwritten Securities"), which will be unconditionally guaranteed as to payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest by ACE Limited, a Cayman Islands company. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth or incorporated by reference herein, the underwriter[s] named below (the "Underwriters") offer[s] to purchase [, severally and not jointly,] the principal amount of Underwritten Securities opposite [its] [their] name[s] set forth below at the purchase price set forth below.
 
 
The Underwritten Securities shall have the following terms:
Title:
Rank:
Ratings:
Aggregate principal amount:
Denominations:
Currency of payment:
Interest rate or formula:
Interest payment dates:
Regular record dates:
Stated maturity date:
Redemption provisions:
Sinking fund requirements:
Conversion or exchange provisions:
Guarantee Provisions:
Listing requirements:
Black-out provisions:
Fixed or Variable Price Offering: [Fixed] [Variable] Price Offering
If Fixed Price Offering, initial public offering price: % of the principal amount, plus accrued interest [amortized original issue discount], if any, from .
                    
Purchase price: % of principal amount, plus accrued interest [amortized original issue discount], if any, from .
    
                    
Form:
Applicable Time:
Other terms and conditions:
Closing date and location:
Notices: Notice to the Underwriters shall be directed to the Representative(s) c/o:
[
                                             ]
All of the provisions contained in the document attached as Annex I hereto entitled "ACE INA HOLDINGS INC.Senior and Subordinated Debt Securities  Unconditionally Guaranteed
 
as to Payment of Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest by ACE LIMITED Underwriting Agreement" are hereby incorporated by reference in their entirety herein and shall be deemed to be a part of this Terms Agreement to the same extent as if such provisions had been set forth in full herein. Terms defined in such document are used herein as therein defined.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.
Please accept this offer no later than o'clock P.M. (New York City time) on by signing a copy of this Terms Agreement in the space set forth below and returning the signed copy to us.
            
                    
 
 
 
Schedule I
Final Term Sheet dated [-] (attached hereto as Schedule II)
 
Schedule II
 
The issuer has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents the issuer has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer and this offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC Web site at . Alternatively, [REPRESENTATIVE(S)] can arrange to send you the prospectus if you request it by calling or e-mailing [] at 1-800-[] or []@[].
www.sec.gov
    
    
    
    
 
Exhibit B
(i) The Guarantor has been duly incorporated and is validly existing and in good standing as an exempted company, under the laws of the Cayman Islands, and has the corporate power and corporate authority to own, lease and operate its property, and to conduct its business, as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and to enter into and perform its obligations under, or as contemplated under, the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement.
(ii) The authorized share capital of the Guarantor, as set out in its Memorandum and Articles of Association, conforms as to legal matters to the description thereof contained in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. All of the Guarantor's Ordinary Shares have been duly and validly authorized and issued by the Guarantor and are registered in the books of the Guarantor as fully paid. On the basis that the contractual subscription price of all such Ordinary Shares is fully paid in cash (or equivalent consideration approved by the Directors), such Ordinary Shares issued may properly be credited as fully paid under Cayman Islands law and, as the Guarantor has been established on the basis that the liability of its shareholders is limited to the amount, if any, unpaid on their Ordinary Shares (see Clause 5 of the Memorandum and Articles of Association), there is no rule of Cayman Islands law that would impose any further liability on persons holding Ordinary Shares in the Guarantor, merely by reason of such shareholding. So far as Cayman Islands law is concerned, the registered holders have good and valid title to their respective Ordinary Shares on the assumption that they have not entered into any liens, encumbrances, equities or claims which could give rise to any equitable interest on the part of any third party in respect of such Ordinary Shares. The holders of Ordinary Shares are not subject to any pre-emptive rights under the laws of the Cayman Islands or the Guarantor's Memorandum and Articles of Association.
(iii) The Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Guarantor.
(iv) The Guarantee has been duly authorized and delivered by the Guarantor for issuance and sale pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement.
(v) Each applicable Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Guarantor.
(vi) The execution and delivery by the Guarantor of, and the performance by the Guarantor of its obligations under, the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement and each applicable Indenture and any other agreement or instrument
 
entered into or issued or to be entered into or issued by the Guarantor in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and the consummation by the Guarantor of the transactions contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement do not and will not (A) violate any provision of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Guarantor; (B) contravene any provision of any law, public rule or regulation of the Cayman Islands applicable to the Guarantor; (C) to the best of such counsel's knowledge, contravene any existing published order or decree of the courts of the Cayman Islands by which the Guarantor is bound or by which its properties or assets may be affected; or (D) require any consent, approval or authorization or order of, or qualification with, any Cayman Islands governmental agency in connection with the offer and sale of the Underwritten Securities and the Guarantee.
(vii) To the best of such counsel's knowledge, but based only upon a search of the cause list at the offices of the Grand Courts of the Cayman Islands, there was no action, suit or proceeding to which the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries is a party or to which the assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries is subject, before the courts of the Cayman Islands at the close of business on [specify a recent date].
(viii) All statements made in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus with regard to statutes, regulations, rules, treaties and other laws of the Cayman Islands (including, but not limited to, insurance, regulatory and tax matters and the Companies Law (2002 Revision) of the Cayman Islands) and enforcement of judgments in the Cayman Islands are accurate.
(ix) Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, and to the extent that the laws of the Cayman Islands are relevant, the Guarantor has legally, validly, effectively and irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of the United States Federal and New York State courts sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York, State of New York, and has legally, validly and effectively appointed ACE USA, Inc. as the authorized agent of the Guarantor for the purposes described in Section 13 of the Underwriting Agreement assuming this to be the case as a matter of the applicable United States Federal and New York State laws.
(x) The choice of the laws of the State of New York, United States of America as the governing law of the Underwriting Agreement is a valid and effective choice of law and in an action brought before a court of competent jurisdiction in the Cayman Islands, the laws of the State of New York would, to the extent specifically pleaded and proved as a fact by expert evidence, be recognized and applied by such court to all issues concerning the formal and essential validity of each of the Underwriting Agreement and the Indenture and the interpretation thereof, except that in any such action such court will apply those laws of the Cayman Islands as such court characterizes as procedural, and will not apply those laws of the State of New York as such court characterizes as procedural.
 
(xi) Although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of a judgment obtained in New York, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided such judgment is final, for a liquidated sum, not in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, and was not obtained in a manner and is not of a kind the enforcement of which is contrary to the public policy of the Cayman Islands. A Cayman Islands court may stay proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. For the purposes of enforcement of a judgment granted against the Guarantor in respect of the Underwriting Agreement or the Indenture, a court in the Cayman Islands would recognize the jurisdiction of the applicable federal or state court to the jurisdiction of which the Guarantor has submitted rendering such judgment if service of process on the Guarantor is effected pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of the Underwriting Agreement.
(xii) On the basis that the Guarantor carries on its business as set forth in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there is no requirement that it be licensed under the Insurance Law, 1979, as amended, of the Cayman Islands.
In rendering such opinion, such counsel may rely (A) as to matters involving the application of laws other than the laws of the Cayman Islands, to the extent such counsel deems proper and specified in such opinion, upon the opinion of other counsel whom such counsel believes to be reliable (which opinion shall be dated and furnished to the Representative(s) at the Closing Time, shall be satisfactory in form and substance to counsel for the Underwriters and shall expressly state that the Underwriters may rely on such opinion as if it were addressed to them), provided that such counsel shall state in their opinion that they believe that they and the Underwriters are justified in relying upon such opinion, and (B) as to matters of fact (but not as to legal conclusions), to the extent such counsel deems proper, on certificates of responsible officers of the Guarantor, its subsidiaries and public officials.
 
Exhibit C
(i) Each of ACE Bermuda Insurance Ltd., Corporate Officers and Directors Assurance Ltd. and ACE Tempest Reinsurance Ltd. (collectively, the "Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries") (A) is validly existing under the laws of Bermuda as a company with limited liability and is in good standing under the laws of Bermuda (meaning that such company has not failed to make any filing with any Bermuda government authority or to pay any Bermuda government fee or tax, the failure of which would make such company immediately liable to be struck off the Register of Companies and thereby cease to exist under the laws of Bermuda) and (B) the corporate objects and powers contained in the Memorandum of Association of each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries are sufficient to allow them to carry on their business and to own, lease and operate its properties as both are described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.
(ii) Based solely upon a certified copy of the Register of Members for each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries, and without further inquiry, (a) all of the issued shares in the share capital of each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries have been duly and validly authorized and issued and are fully paid and nonassessable (meaning that, subject to the common law doctrine of "piercing the corporate veil" and to any agreement to the contrary between the registered holders and such Bermuda Insurance Subsidiary, no further sums are required to be paid by the holders thereof in connection with the issue of such shares); and (b) the Guarantor is the registered holder of all the issued shares of each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries (except for a de minimis number of shares necessary to comply with applicable law); and (c) based solely upon the Register of Charges, and without further inquiry, there are no registered liens, encumbrances, equities or claims in the Register of Charges in respect of those shares.
(iii) Each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries is duly registered as an insurer under the Insurance Act of 1978 (Bermuda) and the regulations promulgated thereunder (together, the "Insurance Act") and as so registered, each Bermuda Insurance Subsidiary may conduct that insurance business which it is described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus as carrying on; and, based solely on the Certificates of Compliance and without independent inquiry, each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries has filed with the appropriate Bermuda governmental authority all reports, documents or other information required to be filed under the Insurance Act.
(iv) The execution and delivery by the Guarantor of, and the performance by the Guarantor of its obligations under, the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement and each applicable Indenture and any other agreement or instrument entered into or issued or to be entered into or issued by the Guarantor in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and the consummation by the Guarantor of the transactions contemplated by the Underwriting
 
Agreement and such Terms Agreement do not and will not (A) violate any provision of the Memorandum of Association or By-laws of each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries; (B) contravene any provision of any of those laws, rules and regulations of Bermuda which, in such counsel's opinion, based upon such counsel's experience, are normally applicable to transactions of the type contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement, except that such counsel need not express any opinion in this paragraph with respect to Bermuda securities laws; (C) based solely upon the Cause Book and without further inquiry, contravene any judgment, order or decree by the Bermuda Supreme Court against the Guarantor or any of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries; (D) based solely upon the Register of Charges and without further inquiry, conflict with, result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, or give rise to any right to accelerate the maturity or require the prepayment of any registered charge recorded in the Register of Charges against the Guarantor or any of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries; or (E) require any consent, approval or authorization or order of, or qualification with any Bermuda governmental agency, except such as have been obtained under the applicable securities laws of Bermuda in connection with the offer and sale of the Underwritten Securities.
(v) Based solely upon the Cause Book and without further inquiry, there is no action, suit or proceeding now pending before the Bermuda Supreme Court to which the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries is a party or to which the assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries is subject.
(vi) All statements (but excluding those statements forming a part of financial information or accounts) made in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and Prospectus with respect to statutes, regulations, rules, treaties and other laws of Bermuda (including, but not limited to, statements made with respect to the Insurance Act and Bermuda tax matters) fairly and accurately present the information set forth therein and such counsel's opinion as to such matters.
(vii) The choice of the law of the State of New York as the governing law of the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Indenture is a valid choice of law and would be recognized and given effect to in any action brought before a court of competent jurisdiction in Bermuda, except for those laws (A) that such court considers to be procedural in nature, (B) that are revenue or penal laws or (C) the application of which would be inconsistent with public policy, as such term is interpreted under the laws of Bermuda.
(viii) The courts of Bermuda would recognize as a valid judgment, a final and conclusive judgment in personam obtained in the courts of the State of New York and of the United States of America against the Guarantor based upon the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Indenture under which a sum of money is payable (other than a sum of money payable in respect of multiple damages, taxes or other charges of a like nature or in respect of a fine or other penalty) and would give a judgment based thereon provided that (A) such courts had proper jurisdiction over the parties subject to such judgment, (B) such courts did not contravene the rules of natural justice of
 
Bermuda, (C) such judgment was not obtained by fraud, (D) the enforcement of the judgment would not be contrary to the public policy of Bermuda, (E) no new admissible evidence relevant to the action is submitted prior to the rendering of the judgment by the courts of Bermuda and (F) there is due compliance with the correct procedures under the laws of Bermuda.
In rendering such opinion, such counsel may rely (A) as to matters involving the application of laws other than the laws of Bermuda, to the extent such counsel deems proper and specified in such opinion, upon the opinion of other counsel whom such counsel believes to be reliable (which opinion shall be dated and furnished to the Representative(s) at the Closing Time, shall be satisfactory in form and substance to counsel for the Underwriters and shall expressly state that the Underwriters may rely on such opinion as if it were addressed to them), provided that such counsel shall state in their opinion that they believe that they and the Underwriters are justified in relying upon such opinion, and (B) as to matters of fact (but not as to legal conclusions), to the extent such counsel deems proper, on certificates of responsible officers of the Guarantor, its subsidiaries and public officials.
 
Exhibit D
(i) The Guarantor is qualified to do business, and is in good standing, as a foreign corporation, under the laws of each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or its ownership or leasing of property requires such qualification, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or to be in good standing would not singly or in the aggregate result in a Material Adverse Change.
(ii) Each of ACE Bermuda Insurance Ltd., ACE Tempest Reinsurance Ltd., ACE USA, Inc. and the Company is qualified to transact business and is in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions which recognize such concept) in each jurisdiction in which it owns or leases real property or in which the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified or to be in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions which recognize such concept) would not singly or in the aggregate result in a Material Adverse Change;
(iii) Except as set forth in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, such counsel does not know of any outstanding (A) securities or obligations of the Guarantor convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries; (B) rights, warrants or options to acquire or purchase from the Guarantor any shares of capital stock of the Guarantor or any such convertible or exchangeable securities or obligations; or (C) obligations or understandings of the Guarantor to issue or sell any shares of capital stock of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries, any such convertible or exchangeable securities or obligations, or any such warrants, rights or obligations.
(iv) To the best of such counsel's knowledge, and other than as disclosed in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no threatened legal proceedings against the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries that, if determined adversely to the Guarantor or such subsidiary, would result in a Material Adverse Change.
In rendering such opinion, such counsel may rely as to matters of fact (but not as to legal conclusions), to the extent such counsel deems proper, on certificates of responsible officers of the Company, the Guarantor, their respective subsidiaries and public officials.
 
Exhibit E
(i) Each of the Company and ACE USA, Inc. is duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.
(ii) The execution and delivery by the Company of, and the performance by the Company of its obligations under, the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement and the [each] applicable [Indenture] and any other agreement or instrument entered into or issued or to be entered into or issued by the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement do not and will not (A) contravene any provision of any United States federal or New York State law, rule or regulation, in each case which, in such counsel's opinion, based on such counsel's experience, are normally applicable to transactions of the type contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement ("United States Applicable Laws"), except that such counsel need not express any opinion in this paragraph with respect to state securities laws; (B) contravene any judgment, order or decree known to such counsel without independent inquiry of any United States federal or New York State court or governmental agency or body having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its subsidiaries or by which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is bound or by which their properties or assets may be affected; (C) conflict with, result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, or give rise to any right to accelerate the maturity or require the prepayment of any indebtedness or the purchase of any capital stock under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any properties or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, pursuant to the terms of, any agreement or instrument filed as an exhibit to the Guarantor's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K or any agreement or instrument otherwise known to such counsel to which the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to which any of the assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is subject, or the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Company or ACE USA, except for such conflicts, breaches, violations, defaults, accelerations, repayments, repurchases, liens, charges or encumbrances that would not singly or in the aggregate result in a Material Adverse Change; or (D) based upon such counsel's review of the United States Applicable Laws, require any consent, approval or authorization or order of, or qualification with, any United States federal or state governmental agency or authority or court, except such as have been obtained under the 1933 Act, the 1933 Act Regulations, the 1939 Act and the 1939 Act Regulations and such as may be required under state securities or blue sky laws or state insurance laws in connection with the offer and sale of the Underwritten Securities.
 
(iii) The Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company.
(iv) The Underwritten Securities have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company for issuance and sale pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement.
(v) The Underwritten Securities, when issued and authenticated in the manner provided for in the applicable Indenture and delivered against payment of the consideration therefor specified in such Terms Agreement, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), and except further as enforcement thereof may be limited by requirements that a claim with respect to any Debt Securities payable in a foreign or corporate currency (or a foreign or composite currency judgment in respect of such claim) be converted into U.S. dollars at a rate of exchange prevailing on a date determined pursuant to applicable law or by governmental authority to limit, delay or prohibit the making of payments outside the United States. The Underwritten Securities are in the form contemplated by, and each registered holder thereof is entitled to the benefits of, the [each] applicable Indenture.
(vi) Assuming the Guarantee has been duly authorized by the Guarantor for issuance and sale pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement, the Guarantee, when issued and delivered to the Underwriters in accordance with the provisions of the Underwriting Agreement, will constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor enforceable against the Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).
(vii) The [each] applicable Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and the Guarantor and (assuming the Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Guarantor and the applicable Trustee), the [each] applicable Indenture constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Company and the Guarantor, enforceable against the Company and the Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).
(viii) The Underwritten Securities, the Guarantee and the [each] applicable Indenture conform in all material respects to the statements relating thereto contained in
 
each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and are in substantially the form filed or incorporated by reference, as the case may be, as an exhibit to the Registration Statement.
(ix) Such counsel does not know, after inquiry of officers of the Company and the Guarantor and based solely on such inquiry, of any action, suit or proceeding before or by any United States federal or state government, governmental instrumentality or court now pending or threatened against or affecting the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) or any of their respective assets or properties that is required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus and is not so described or of any contract or other document that is required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or to be filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, that is not described or filed, as required.
(x) The statements in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus insofar as they are descriptions of contracts, agreements, instruments or the Company's Certificate of Incorporation or legal proceedings, or constitute statements or summaries of United States federal or New York State laws or legal conclusions with respect thereto, are accurate and present fairly the information required to be shown.
(xi) The discussion of tax matters set forth under the heading "Certain Tax Consequences" in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus contains the relevant and material provisions of present United States tax law applicable to the Underwritten Securities and the Guarantee and the statements thereunder are true and correct (subject to the qualifications and assumptions set forth in such discussion) as of the Closing Date.
(xii) The Registration Statement, including without limitation the Rule 430B Information, and the Prospectus, excluding the documents incorporated by reference therein, and each amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, excluding the documents incorporated by reference therein, as of their respective effective or issue dates (including without limitation each deemed effective date with respect to the Underwriters pursuant to Rule 430B(f)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations), other than the financial statements and supporting schedules and other financial data included therein or omitted therefrom, complied as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and the 1939 Act and the 1939 Act Regulations.
(xiii) The documents incorporated by reference in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (other than the financial statements and supporting schedules and other financial data included therein or omitted therefrom, as to which such counsel need express no opinion), when they became effective or were filed with the Commission, as the case may be, complied as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act, as applicable, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder.
(xiv) The [each] applicable Indenture has been duly qualified under the 1939 Act.
 
(xv) The Underwritten Securities, upon issuance, will be excluded or exempted under, or beyond the purview of, the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the "Commodity Exchange Act"), and the rules and regulations of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the Commodity Exchange Act (the "Commodity Exchange Act Regulations").
(xvi) The Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities as herein contemplated and the application of the net proceeds therefrom as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus will not be, an "investment company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act").
Such counsel shall also state that it has been advised by the Commission that the Registration Statement has become effective under the 1933 Act; that any required filings of each prospectus (including the Prospectus) pursuant to Rule 424(b) have been made in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) (without reference to Rule 424(b)(8)); any required filing of each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus pursuant to Rule 433 has been made in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 433(d); that, based solely on conversations with the Commission, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings for the purpose have been instituted, are pending or, to such counsel's knowledge, are contemplated under the 1933 Act; and that, to the best of such counsel's knowledge, neither the Company nor the Guarantor has received from the Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the 1933 Act objecting to the uses of the automatic shelf registration form, the Registration Statement is not the subject of a pending proceeding or examination under Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the 1933 Act and neither the Company nor the Guarantor is the subject of a pending proceeding under Section 8A of the 1933 Act in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities.
Such counsel shall also state that they have examined various documents and participated in conferences with representatives of the Company and the Guarantor and their accountants and with representatives of the Representative(s) and their counsel at which times the contents of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and related matters were discussed, and that, although they are not passing upon and assume no responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or fairness of the statements contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or making any representation that they have independently verified or checked the accuracy, completeness or fairness of such statements, except as set forth above, no facts have come to such counsel's attention that cause such counsel to believe that the Registration Statement, at the original effective date of the Registration Statement, the effective date of any post-effective amendment thereto and each deemed effective date with respect to the Underwriters pursuant to Rule 430B(f)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; that the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, at the date of the Prospectus, at the date of any such amendment or supplement or at the Closing Time, included or includes any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or omits to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
 
misleading; or that the Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time, included any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (such counsel need not express a belief with respect to the financial statements and supporting schedules and other financial data included in or omitted from the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto).
In rendering such opinion, such counsel may rely (A) as to matters involving the application of laws other than the laws of the State of New York, the corporate laws of the State of Delaware or the federal laws of the United States of America, to the extent such counsel deems proper and specified in such opinion, upon the opinion of other counsel whom such counsel believes to be reliable (which opinion shall be dated and furnished to the Representative(s) at the Closing Time, shall be satisfactory in form and substance to counsel for the Underwriters and shall expressly state that the Underwriters may rely on such opinion as if it were addressed to them), provided that such counsel shall state in their opinion that they believe that they and the Underwriters are justified in relying upon such opinion, and (B) as to matters of fact (but not as to legal conclusions), to the extent such counsel deems proper, on certificates of responsible officers of the Company, its subsidiaries and public officials.
 
EXECUTION COPY
May 8, 2006
 
436 Walnut Street, WB12B
Philadelphia, PA 19106
ACE LIMITED
ACE Global Headquarters
17 Woodbourne Avenue
Hamilton HM 08, Bermuda
Ladies and Gentlemen:
We understand that ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware company (the "Company"), proposes to issue and sell $300,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its senior debt securities (the "Underwritten Securities"), which will be unconditionally guaranteed as to payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest by ACE Limited, a Cayman Islands company. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth or incorporated by reference herein, the underwriters named below (the "Underwriters") offer to purchase, severally and not jointly, the principal amount of Underwritten Securities opposite their names set forth below at the purchase price set forth below.
The Underwritten Securities shall have the following terms:
 
 
Notices: Notice to the Underwriters shall be directed to the Representatives c/o:
Banc of America Securities LLC
Attention: High Grade Transaction Management/Legal
40 West 57th Street
NY1-040-27-03
New York, New York 10019
and
Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC
Attention: Timothy Reid
One Wachovia
301 South College Street
Charlotte, North Carolina 28288
All of the provisions contained in the document attached as Annex I hereto entitled "ACE INA HOLDINGS INC.Senior and Subordinated Debt Securities Unconditionally Guaranteed as to Payment of Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest by ACE LIMITEDUnderwriting Agreement" are hereby incorporated by reference in their entirety herein and shall be deemed to be a part of this Terms Agreement to the same extent as if such provisions had been set forth in full herein. Terms defined in such document are used herein as therein defined.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.
 
Please accept this offer no later than 8 o'clock P.M. (New York City time) on May 8, 2006 by signing a copy of this Terms Agreement in the space set forth below and returning the signed copy to us.
 
 
 
Schedule I
Final Term Sheet dated May 8, 2006 (attached hereto as Schedule II).
 
Schedule II
 
The issuer and the guarantor have filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents the issuer and the guarantor have filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer, the guarantor and this offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC Web site at . Alternatively, Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC can arrange to send you the prospectus if you request it by calling 1-800-326-5897 or e-mailing
www.sec.gov
syndicate.ops@wachovia.com
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20060523125709.txt.gz
TIME:20060523125709
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
Item 1.01
Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.
On May 17, 2006, the Chairman of the Compensation Committee and the Lead Director of the ACE Limited Board of Directors provided a letter agreement to Brian Duperreault setting forth Mr. Duperreault's compensation arrangements as he transitions from Executive Chairman to non-executive Chairman of the ACE Limited Board of Directors, effective as of June 1, 2006, which new role is expected to require approximately one day a week of Mr. Duperreault's time. The Board authorized a $2 million cash bonus as an annual bonus in recognition of Mr. Duperreault's role as Executive Chairman for the first 5 months of 2006. As of June 1, 2006, Mr. Duperreault's total cash compensation will be at the annual rate of $600,000, inclusive of Board fees, currently with $170,000 of the total representing regular Board fees paid as follows: $100,000 of value in stock units and $70,000 in cash. Other than the cash bonus and stock unit award mentioned above, Mr. Duperreault will no longer be eligible for annual cash incentives or long-term incentive awards given to officers of the Company. Mr. Duperreault will have the opportunity to purchase medical coverage and convert his life insurance coverage to individual coverage. His current retirement funding benefits, such as the Company contribution, the Company match and the discretionary contribution, will cease at the end of May, 2006. Similarly, Mr. Duperreault's executive perquisites will end as of the end of May, 2006. Mr. Duperreault's personal use of the corporate aircraft will be limited to space available on normally scheduled management business flights with no authority to requisition the aircraft. The Company will provide Mr. Duperreault with administrative support and office space for up to five years after he steps down as non-executive Chairman.
Item 8.01
Other Events
On May 18, 2006, the Company announced that Mr. Duperreault will retire as Executive Chairman, remaining as non-Executive Chairman, effective June 1, 2006. See the press release which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference. On May 18, 2006, the Company also announced that Mary A. Cirillo was elected to the Board of Directors and that Robert Staley had retired from the Board of Directors. See the press release which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and incorporated herein by reference and the Company's proxy statement dated April 13, 2006.
Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: May 23, 2006
 

Exhibit 99.1
(BW)(ACE-LIMITED)(ACE) Brian Duperreault to Retire from ACE Limited,
Serve as Non-Executive Chairman of the Board
HAMILTON, Bermuda(BUSINESS WIRE)May 18, 2006ACE Limited
(NYSE:ACE) announced today that Brian Duperreault, Chairman of the Board, will retire from the Company, effective June 1. Mr. Duperreault will continue to serve ACE in the role of Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors.
Mr. Duperreault joined ACE in 1994 as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer following more than 25 years of service with American International Group. In May 2004, he presided over a successful management transition plan and became Chairman of the Company. In his 12 years with the Company, Mr. Duperreault directed a growth and diversification strategy marked by numerous acquisitions, including the 1999 acquisition of the global property and casualty operations of CIGNA Corporation.
Evan Greenberg, President and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, stated: "It is with great emotion that we announce the retirement of Brian Duperreault. Brian transformed ACE from a Bermuda-based specialty writer into a global multi-line corporation. He leaves a legacy of extraordinary leadership and vision that is evidenced today by the company's strength and vitality. On behalf of all our directors and employees, past and present, as well as all of our shareholders, I want to thank Brian for his enormous contribution to ACE."
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, a component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, the ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
http://www.acelimited.com
CONTACT:    ACE Limited, Hamilton
            Investor Contact:
            Helen M. Wilson, 441-299-9283
            helen.wilson@ace.bm
            or
            Media Contact:
            Robert T. Grieves, 212-827-4444
            robert.grieves@ace-ina.com

Exhibit 99.2
(BW)(ACE-LIMITED)(ACE) Mary Cirillo Joins ACE Limited Board of
Directors; Robert Staley Retires From Board
HAMILTON, Bermuda(BUSINESS WIRE)May 18, 2006ACE Limited
(NYSE:ACE) announced today that Mary A. Cirillo has been elected to its Board of Directors, effective immediately. The Company also announced that Robert W. Staley has retired from the Board, effective today upon the completion of his term of service.
Ms. Cirillo has served as an advisor to Hudson Venture Partners, a New York venture capital firm, since 2003 and as Chairman of OPCENTER, a network operations services firm, from 2000-2004. The assignments Ms. Cirillo has held in more than 25 years of financial services experience include Chief Executive Officer of Global Institutional Services at Deutsche Bank, Executive Vice President and Managing Director of Bankers Trust Company and Senior Vice President, Global Relationship Banking Operations and Technology, at Citibank.
Ms. Cirillo currently serves as a director of DealerTrack Holdings, GlobalServe Corporation, Health Care Property Investors, Inc. and Thomson Corporation (Canada). She has also served on the boards of Cisco Systems, Inc., Digital Island, Inc., OPCENTER, LLC and Quest Diagnostics, Inc.
Brian Duperreault, Chairman of ACE Limited, stated: "I am delighted to welcome Mary Cirillo to the Board of Directors of ACE. Mary has an impressive record of accomplishment in the financial services industry, and she has particular expertise with businesses that are based on leading operations and technology. We look forward to her active participation on the ACE Board.
"On behalf of my fellow directors and shareholders, I also want to thank Bob Staley for his 20 years of service on the ACE Board. Bob was one of ACE's original directors. ACE has benefited greatly from Bob's leadership as Chairman of the Audit Committee, especially during the last two years. ACE has also benefited greatly from the strategic advice and counsel he has provided over the past two decades. Bob's leadership and wise counsel will be sorely missed."
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, a component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, the ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
http://www.acelimited.com
CONTACT:    ACE Limited, Hamilton
            Investor Contact:
            Helen M. Wilson, 441-299-9283
            helen.wilson@ace.bm
            or
            Media Contact:
            Robert T. Grieves, 212-827-4444
            robert.grieves@ace-ina.com


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20060710105945.txt.gz
TIME:20060710105945
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.
On July 3, 2006, ACE Limited completed the sale of three run-off reinsurance subsidiaries to Randall & Quilter Investment Holdings Limited, an international insurance management firm. The agreement to sell ACE American Reinsurance Company, Brandywine Reinsurance Co. (UK) Ltd. and Brandywine Reinsurance Company S.A.-N.V. to Randall & Quilter was announced in January 2005.
As a result of the sale, the ACE Group of Companies has reduced its exposure to legacy liabilities, including asbestos, by approximately $900 million, and has reduced its reinsurance recoverables by approximately $400 million. The sale followed certain necessary approvals by the U.K.'s Financial Services Authority and the Pennsylvania Department of Insurance. Both regulators approved the sale of the companies within their jurisdiction after concluding that the companies were adequately capitalized and that Randall & Quilter was a fit buyer.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: July 10, 2006


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20060725191711.txt.gz
TIME:20060725191711
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02. Results of Operations and Financial Condition
On July 25, 2006, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its second quarter 2006 results and the availability of its second quarter financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01. Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits.
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: July 25, 2006
 

Exhibit 99.1
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported net income for the second quarter ended June 30, 2006 of $573 million or $1.72 per common share after payment of preferred dividends, compared with net income of $467 million or $1.58 per share for the same quarter last year. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) for the second quarter was $579 million, or $1.74 per share, compared with $443 million or $1.50 per share for the same quarter a year ago.
HAMILTON, Bermuda  July 25, 2006
(1)
 
Net income for the first six months of 2006 was $1,062 million or $3.18 per share, compared with $904 million or $3.06 per share for the first six months of 2005. For the first six months of 2006, income excluding net realized gains and cumulative effect was $1,056 million or $3.17 per share, compared with $898 million or $3.04 per share for the same period of 2005.
(1)
 
 
Evan Greenberg, President and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "This was another excellent quarter for ACE, marked by both record net and operating income. The P&C combined ratio was 88%. Our premium growth in the quarter reflects current market conditions globally, which in all remain favorable but mixed. We have a broad geographic and product reach and take a balanced approach to our business  capitalizing on opportunities when they make economic sense and walking away from business when it does not. For six months, our annualized ROE was 18%, which reflects an efficient use of capital."
Second quarter operating highlights were as follows:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Details of our financial results for our P&C business segments are available in the financial supplement. Key items include:
 
 
 
 
 
The following is updated guidance for the full year 2006:
are expected to grow between 2% and 3% for the full year.
Property & Casualty net premiums earned
is expected to range between 88% and 90%. We expect to be at the high end of the range including the regulatory settlement of $80 million announced in the first quarter. This accounts for approximately seven-tenths of a percentage point on the combined ratio.
The Property & Casualty combined ratio
is expected to increase approximately 0 to 5% over prior year.
Financial Services operating income
is expected to range between $1.5 billion and $1.55 billion. The Company's expectation is based upon estimated positive operating cash flow of approximately $4.0 billion and an expected increase in average portfolio yield to approximately 5.1% over the course of the year.
Total investment income
is expected to be between 20% and 22%.
The effective tax rate
Please refer to the ACE Financial Supplement June 30, 2006, which is posted on the Company's website, for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, investment portfolio and capital structure. ACE's website reference (url) is
(Due to the length of this URL, it may be necessary to copy and paste this hyperlink into your Internet browser's URL address field.)
http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/nys/ace/reports/fin_supp_june 30_2006.xls.
ACE will host its second quarter 2006, quarter-end earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday, July 26, 2006 beginning at 8:30 a.m. EDT. The earnings conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 800-289-0572 (within the United States) or 913-981-5543 (international); conference ID 4680900. Please refer to the ACE Limited website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available from approximately 11:30 a.m. EDT on Wednesday, July 26, 2006 until Friday, August 25, 2006. To listen to the replay, dial: 888-203-1112 (in the United States) or 719-457-0820 (international); passcode 4680900 (#).
www.acelimited.com
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, a component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, the ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acelimited.com
is a common performance measurement for insurance companies. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. We exclude the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle net of tax because this amount resulted in a one-time adjustment to income.
Operating Income or Income excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect, net of tax
is calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, life and annuity benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting income and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including net investment income, other (income) expense, interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses). We believe the use of these measures enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
Underwriting income
 
is shareholders' equity less goodwill. See reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on page 23 in the financial supplement.
Tangible shareholders' equity
These measures should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
 
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:
Any forward-looking statements made in this press release reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements, such as its updated guidance, could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments and actual settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, actual market developments, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
Ratios exclude life insurance and reinsurance business
 
 
 

E 99.2
XHIBIT
 
 
(1) See page 23 Non-GAAP Financial Measures.
* Calculated using income excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle (cumulative effect)
 
 
(1) Property and casualty excluding Financial Services and Life is presented to allow for comparison and analysis with earnings guidance. This is a non-GAAP measure.
(2) See page 23 Non-GAAP Financial Measures.
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
Property and Casualty
(1)
 
(1) Property and casualty excluding Financial Services and Life is presented to allow for comparison and analysis with earnings guidance. See Financial Services schedule for details related to that segment.
(2) See Financial Services schedule for prior period development related to that segment.
 
 
(1) See page 23 Non-GAAP Financial Measures.
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
(1) See page 23 Non-GAAP Financial Measures.
 
 
(1) See page 23 Non-GAAP Financial Measures.
 
Insurance - North American
 
(1) See page 23 Non-GAAP Financial Measures.
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
(1) See page 23 Non-GAAP Financial Measures.
 
Global Reinsurance
 
(1) See page 23 Non-GAAP Financial Measures.
 
Global Reinsurance
 
Global Reinsurance - By Division
 
 
Financial Services
 
(1) See page 23 Non-GAAP Financial Measures.
 
Life Insurance and Reinsurance
 
(1) We assess the performance of our Life Insurance and Reinsurance business based on life underwriting income which includes net investment income.
(2) See page 23 Non-GAAP Financial Measures.
 
 
(1) The run-off reserves primarily include the Brandywine group, the Commercial Insurance Service - Middle Market Worker's Comp. reserves and the pre-1997 Westchester Specialty reserves.
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
Reinsurance Recoverable for Active Operations
 
At March 31, 2006, $8 billion of the active operations' recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 95.2% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies. The Company held collateral of $2.9 billion, of which $1.6 billion was matched and usable against existing recoverables.
 
Other includes amounts recoverable that are in dispute, or are from companies who are in supervision, rehabilitation or liquidation. Our estimate of provision for uncollectible reinsurance associated with Other considers the credit quality of the reinsurer, and whether we have received collateral or other credit protections such as parental guarantees.
(1)
Excludes recoverable amounts from companies who are in supervision, rehabilitation or liquidation, or are captive reinsurers, mandatory pools or voluntary pools.
(2)
 
Consolidated Reinsurance Recoverable
 
At March 31, 2006, $12.4 billion of ACE Limited recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 94.5% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies.
 
Other includes amounts recoverable that are in dispute, or are from companies who are in supervision, rehabilitation or liquidation. Our estimate of provision for uncollectible reinsurance associated with Other considers the credit quality of the reinsurer, and whether we have received collateral or other credit protections such as parental guarantees.
(1)
Excludes recoverable amounts from companies who are in supervision, rehabilitation or liquidation, or are captive reinsurers, mandatory pools or voluntary pools.
(2)
 
Detail on Reinsurance Recoverable on Paid Losses and Loss Expenses
 
General collections balances represent amounts in process of collection in the normal course of business, for which we have no indication of dispute or credit issues.
(1)
Other includes amounts recoverable that are in dispute, or are from companies who are in supervision, rehabilitation or liquidation for Brandywine Group and active operations. Our estimation of the reserve for other, considers the merits of the underlying matter, the credit quality of the reinsurer, and whether we have received collateral or other credit protections such as parental guarantees.
(2)
The current quarter split between general collections and other is estimated based on prior quarter balances. Balances are adjusted to actual in the next quarter.
(3)
 
 
 
 
(2) The quarter includes impairments of $4M for fixed maturities and $1M for equities. Year to date includes impairments of $24M for fixed maturities and $2M for equities.
 
 
(1) Tangible equity is equal to shareholders' equity less goodwill.
 
 
(1) See page 23 Non-GAAP Financial Measures.
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations; however, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of book value per share is provided on page 24.
In presenting our segment operating results we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, life and annuity benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses).
The following non-GAAP measure is a common performance measurement and is defined as income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses), the tax expense (benefit) on net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, net of tax. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part, according to the availability of market opportunities. We exclude the benefit of the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, net of tax, because this benefit resulted in a one time adjustment to income. We believe these amounts are largely independent of our business and including them would distort the analysis of trends. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Ordinary Share
 
 
 
 
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect less perpetual preferred securities divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity for the period. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
Ordinary shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per ordinary share:
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio for the property and casualty and financial services operations. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
The cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle is a benefit resulting from the accrual of a forfeiture rate on the restricted stock under Financial Accounting Standard 123R "Share-Based Payment".
Cumulative effect:
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumualtive effect.
Effective tax rate:
Unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity.
FAS 115:
Net premium earned and net investment income less future policy benefits, acquisition costs and administrative expenses.
Life underwriting income:
Not meaningful.
NM:
Shareholders' equity less perpetual preferred shares.
Ordinary shareholders' equity:
Property and casualty.
P & C:
Loss and loss expense ratios, policy acquisition cost ratios and administrative expense ratios excluding life reinsurance business and financial services segment. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Property and casualty combined ratios:
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect less perpetual preferred securities divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity.
Return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
Ordinary shareholders' equity less goodwill divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per ordinary share:
Shareholders' equity less goodwill.
Tangible equity:
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, perpetual preferred shares and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
Year to date.
YTD:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20060925114850.txt.gz
TIME:20060925114850
EVENTS:	Amendments to the Registrant's Code of Ethics, or Waiver of a Provision of the Code of Ethics
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to the Registrant's Code of Ethics, or Waiver of a Provision of the Code of Ethics
UNITED STATES  
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549
FORM 8-K
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
On September 22, 2006, the Company amended and restated its code of conduct for release on September 25, 2006. The revised code of conduct integrated into the code of conduct, and in some cases expanded, a number of policies (such as policies regarding substance abuse, anti-competitive laws, business gifts and entertainment, and electronic communications and data security) that previously were handled by separate policy statements, which were referenced but not included in the prior version of the code of conduct. The amendments to the code of conduct also expanded and clarified some of the policies covered in the prior version of the code of conduct (such as policies relating to conflicts of interest, restrictions in trading in the Company's securities and equal employment matters). And, the amendments added new topics to the code of conduct (such as prevention of money laundering). In addition, certain technical, administrative and other non-substantive amendments have been made. For example, case studies have been provided to illustrate some of the policies. While certain amendments relate to elements of the "code of ethics" definition under Securities and Exchange Commission regulations, the Company has not amended the substantive nature of those elements as they appeared in the code of conduct prior to the amendments. A copy of amended and restated code of conduct has been posted on the Company's website, and can be accessed by clicking on "Investor Information," followed by "Corporate Governance" and the relevant button under the Corporate Governance listing.
www.acelimited.com
 
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20061004152338.txt.gz
TIME:20061004152338
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
 
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
FORM 8-K
Current Report
Pursuant To Section 13 or 15 (d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934
Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) October 3, 2006
ACE LIMITED
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (441) 295-5200
Not applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):  
see
 
  
 
 
 
 
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20061025060529.txt.gz
TIME:20061025060529
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
On October 24, 2006, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its third quarter 2006 results and the availability of its third quarter financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: October 24, 2006
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported net income for the third quarter ended September 30, 2006 of $578 million or $1.73 per common share after payment of preferred dividends, compared with a net loss of $112 million or $(0.43) per share for the same quarter last year. Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) for the third quarter was $652 million, or $1.96 per share, compared with $(187) million or $(0.70) per share for the same quarter a year ago.
HAMILTON, Bermuda  October 24, 2006
(1)
In the third quarter of 2006 after-tax catastrophe losses were $5 million or $0.01 per share. The losses from hurricanes Katrina, Rita and Dennis and other catastrophes resulted in an after-tax charge of $742 million for the third quarter of 2005 or $2.56 per share. The P&C combined ratio for the current quarter was 85.7%. Annualized return on average equity for the quarter was 20.6%
 
Net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2006 was $1.6 billion or $4.92 per share, compared with $792 million or $2.63 per share for the nine months of 2005. For the nine months ended September 30, 2006, income excluding net realized gains and cumulative effect
(2)
was $1.7 billion or $5.13 per share,
 
compared with $711 million or $2.34 per share for the same period of 2005.
(1) 
After-tax net catastrophe losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2006 and 2005 were $10 million and $742 million or $0.03 and $2.57 per share, respectively. The P&C combined ratio for the nine months of 2006 was 87.8%; excluding catastrophe losses, the combined ratio for the nine months of 2005 was 88.4%. Annualized return on equity for the nine month period was 18.4 %.
( 3)
 
Evan Greenberg, President and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "We had an excellent quarter, with all areas of the company performing well. The positive effect of the lack of catastrophe activity only added to what was already a very good quarter of operating performance. Our P&C combined ratio was 85.7% while return on equity was 20.6%. We had record growth in book value of more than $1 billion. Our organization is in great shape, and we expect to continue to produce excellent results into the future."
Third quarter operating highlights were as follows:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Details of our financial results for our P&C business segments are available in the financial supplement. Key items include:
 
 
 
 
 
Please refer to the ACE Financial Supplement September 30, 2006, which is posted on the Company's website, for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, investment portfolio and capital structure. ACE's website reference (URL) is . (Due to the length of this URL, it may be necessary to copy and paste this hyperlink into your Internet browser's URL address field.)
http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/irol/10/100907/reports/fin_supp_september_30_2006.xls
ACE will host its third quarter 2006, quarter-end earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday, October 25, 2006 beginning at 8:30 a.m. EDT. The earnings conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 800-289-0572 (within the United States) or 913-981-5543 (international); passcode 1327941. Please refer to the ACE Limited website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available from approximately 11:30 a.m. EDT on Wednesday, October 25, 2006 until Friday, November 24, 2006. To listen to the replay, dial: 888-203-1112 (in the United States) or 719-457-0820 (international); passcode 1327941 (#).
www.acelimited.com
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, a component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, the ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acelimited.com
is a common performance measurement for insurance companies. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. We exclude the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle net of tax because this amount resulted in a one-time adjustment to income.
Operating Income or Income excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect, net of tax
is calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, life and annuity benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting income and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including net investment income, other (income) expense, interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses). We believe the use of these measures enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
Underwriting income
is shareholders' equity less goodwill. See reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on page 23 in the financial supplement.
Tangible shareholders' equity
These measures should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:
Any forward-looking statements made in this press release reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments and actual settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, actual market developments, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
Ratios exclude life insurance and reinsurance business
 
 
 

E 99.2
XHIBIT
Financial Supplement
September 30, 2006
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
Financial Services
 
 
Life Insurance and Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
Reinsurance Recoverable for Active Operations
 
At June 30, 2006, $7.9 billion of the active operations' recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 95.6% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies. The Company held collateral of $3.0 billion, of which $1.7 billion was matched and usable against existing recoverables.
 
 
 
Consolidated Reinsurance Recoverable
 
At June 30, 2006, $12.1 billion of ACE Limited recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 94.5% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies.
 
 
 
Detail on Reinsurance Recoverable on Paid Losses and Loss Expenses
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations; however, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of book value per share is provided on page 24.
In presenting our segment operating results we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, life and annuity benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses).
The following non-GAAP measure is a common performance measurement and is defined as income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses), the tax expense (benefit) on net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, net of tax. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. We exclude the benefit of the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, net of tax, because this benefit resulted in a one time adjustment to income. We believe these amounts are largely independent of our business and including them would distort the analysis of trends. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Ordinary Share
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 
 
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect less perpetual preferred securities divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity for the period. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
Ordinary shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per ordinary share:
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio for the property and casualty and financial services operations. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
The cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle is a benefit resulting from the accrual of a forfeiture rate on the restricted stock under Financial Accounting Standard 123R "Share-Based Payment".
Cumulative effect:
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect.
Effective tax rate:
Unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity.
FAS 115:
Net premium earned and net investment income less future policy benefits, acquisition costs and administrative expenses.
Life underwriting income:
Not meaningful.
NM:
Shareholders' equity less perpetual preferred shares.
Ordinary shareholders' equity:
Property and casualty.
P & C:
Loss and loss expense ratios, policy acquisition cost ratios and administrative expense ratios excluding life reinsurance business and financial services segment. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Property and casualty combined ratios:
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect less perpetual preferred securities divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity.
Return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
Ordinary shareholders' equity less goodwill divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per ordinary share:
Shareholders' equity less goodwill.
Tangible equity:
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, perpetual preferred shares and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
Year to date.
YTD:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20061122132557.txt.gz
TIME:20061122132557
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.
On November 17, 2006, ACE Limited as Account Party and ACE Bermuda Insurance Ltd. and ACE Tempest Reinsurance Ltd., as guarantors, entered into a replacement syndicated letter of credit agreement (the "replacement LC Agreement"), with the banks named therein, including various issuing banks, and Citibank Global Markets Limited and Barclays Capital as lead arrangers.
The replacement LC Agreement permits the issuance of up to 380,000,000 of letters of credit on an unsecured basis for use as Funds at Lloyd's. The replacement LC Agreement supersedes the existing Funds at Lloyd's letter of credit agreement (the "existing LC Agreement") dated December 9, 2005, among ACE Limited as Account Party, and ACE Bermuda Insurance Ltd. and ACE Tempest Reinsurance Ltd., as guarantors, the banks and other lenders named therein including various issuing banks, and Citibank Global Markets Limited and Barclays Capital as lead arrangers. The existing LC Agreement also had provided for the issuance of up to 380,000,000 of letters of credit on an unsecured basis.
The letters of credit issued under the replacement LC Agreement will be used to satisfy Syndicate 2488's Funds at Lloyd's requirements for the 2007, 2008 and 2009 years of underwriting and will expire no earlier than December 31, 2012.
Under the replacement LC Agreement, the Account Party pays a utilization fee of 0.5% per annum (depending on ratings) plus a commitment fee of 0.1% per annum payable on any un-utilized portion of the facility. In addition to the foregoing fees, the Account Party pays customary upfront, arrangement and administration fees as well as customary administrative charges to the issuer of each letter of credit.
The terms, conditions and covenants of the replacement LC Agreement are substantially similar to the existing LC Agreement, as updated for the annual reset provision. The replacement LC Agreement contains customary covenants, including covenants limiting liens, substantial assets sales and mergers. Most of these restrictions are subject to certain minimum thresholds and exceptions. The replacement LC Agreement also contains financial covenants that require:
(i) maintenance of a minimum consolidated net worth of not less than $8.047 billion (subject to an annual reset provision) plus 25 percent of cumulative net income since December 31, 2005, plus 50 percent of net proceeds of any issuance of equity interests subsequent to December 31, 2005; and
(ii) maintenance of a maximum debt to total capitalization ratio of not greater than 0.35 to 1. Under this covenant, debt does not include trust preferred securities or mezzanine equity, except where the ratio of the sum of trust preferred securities and mezzanine equity to total capitalization is greater than 15 percent. In this circumstance, the amount greater than 15 percent would be included in the debt to total capitalization ratio.
In addition, the replacement LC Agreement provides that the obligations of the banks to issue letters of credit may be terminated, and the obligations of the Company and the other Account Party there under may be accelerated, upon an event of default. Such events include (subject to certain materiality thresholds and grace periods) payment defaults, covenant defaults, material inaccuracy of representations and warranties, bankruptcy and insolvency proceedings, change of control, cross-defaults under other agreements and other customary defaults.
Item 1.02 Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement.
See Item 1.01 above which is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.
See Item 1.01 above which is incorporated herein by reference.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: November 22, 2006


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20070130214705.txt.gz
TIME:20070130214705
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02.    Results of Operations and Financial Condition
 
On January 30, 2007, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its fourth quarter 2006 results and the availability of its fourth quarter financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
Item 9.01.    Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: January 30, 2007
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported net income for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2006 of $665 million or $1.99 per common share after payment of preferred dividends, compared with net income of $236 million or $0.69 per share for the same quarter last year. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) for the fourth quarter was $643 million, or $1.92 per share, compared with $244 million or $0.72 per share for the same quarter of last year.
HAMILTON, Bermuda, January 30, 2007
(1)
 The combined ratio for the current quarter was 88.2%. Annualized return on average equity for the quarter was 19%.
(3)
 
Net income for the year increased to $2.3 billion or $6.91 per share, compared with $1 billion or $3.31 per share for 2005. For 2006, income excluding net realized gains and the cumulative effect of an accounting change
(2)
was $2,351 million or $7.05 per share, compared with $955 million or $3.06 per share for 2005.
(1) 
The combined ratio for the year was 88.1%, compared with the combined ratio for 2005 of 99.5%. Return on average equity for the year was 18.5%.
( 3)
 
 
Evan Greenberg, President and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "The quarter was an excellent finish to an outstanding year. Book value grew by over 20% and our return on equity exceeded 18%. While market conditions continue to soften and we remain firmly committed to underwriting discipline, we are a large organization with a broad capability and tremendous geographic reach. This creates opportunity for growth without compromising our underwriting standards. We are well positioned to continue our growth in book value for the foreseeable future."
Other operating highlights were as follows:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Prior to the fourth quarter of 2006 we presented a Financial Services segment. As this segment no longer represents a significant part of our operations, we no longer report it separately. We now report the financial solutions business of ACE Financial Solutions and ACE Financial Solutions International with the Insurance  North American segment. In addition, our share of the earnings from Assured Guaranty has been reported in our Corporate results.
Details of our financial results for our business segments are available in the financial supplement. Key segment items include:
 
 
 
 
Please refer to the ACE Limited Financial Supplement dated December 31, 2006, which is posted on the Company's website in the Investor Information section, and access Financial Reports for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, investment portfolio and capital structure. The URL reference is: . (Due to the length of this URL, it may be necessary to copy and paste this hyperlink into your Internet browser's URL address field.)
http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/nys/ace/reports/fin_supp_december_31_2006.xls
ACE will host its year-end, fourth quarter earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday, January 31, 2007 beginning at 8:30 a.m. ET. The earnings conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at www.acelimited.com. Please refer to the Investor Information section and access Calendar of Events for details. Alternatively, you may call 800-289-0572 (in the United States) or 913-981-5543 (international); passcode 9865344. A replay of the call will be available from approximately 11:30 a.m. ET on Wednesday, January 31, 2007 until Wednesday, February 28, 2007. To listen to the replay, dial: 888-203-1112 (in the United States) or 719-457-0820 (international); passcode 9865344.
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, a component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, the ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at:
www.acelimited.com
.
 
is a common performance measurement for insurance companies. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. We exclude the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle net of tax because this amount resulted in a one-time adjustment to income.
Operating Income or Income excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect, net of tax
is calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, life and annuity benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting income and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including net investment income, other (income) expense, interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses). We believe the use of these measures enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
Underwriting income
is shareholders' equity less goodwill. See reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on page 25 in the financial supplement.
Tangible shareholders' equity
These measures should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
 
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:
Any forward-looking statements made in this press release reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments and actual settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, actual market developments, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
Ratios exclude life insurance and reinsurance business
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
Life Insurance and Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
 
 
Reinsurance Recoverable for Active Operations
 
 
At September 30, 2006, $7.7 billion of the active operations' recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 93.8% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies. The Company held collateral of $3.1 billion, of which $1.8 billion was matched and usable against existing recoverables.
 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Reinsurance Recoverable
 
 
At September 30, 2006, $11.6 billion of ACE Limited recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 93.7% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies.
 
 
 
 
 
Detail on Reinsurance Recoverable on Paid Losses and Loss Expenses
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investment portfolio
 
Top 10 Exposures - Fixed Maturity Investments
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
 
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations; however, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of book value per share is provided on page 26.
 
In presenting our segment operating results we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, life and annuity benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses).
 
The following non-GAAP measure is a common performance measurement and is defined as income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses), the tax expense (benefit) on net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, net of tax. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. We exclude the benefit of the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, net of tax, because this benefit resulted in a one time adjustment to income. We believe these amounts are largely independent of our business and including them would distort the analysis of trends. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Ordinary Share
 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 
 
 
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect less perpetual preferred securities divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity for the period. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per ordinary share:
 
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio for the property and casualty business. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
 
The cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle is a benefit resulting from the accrual of a forfeiture rate on the restricted stock under Financial Accounting Standard 123R "Share-Based Payment".
Cumulative effect:
 
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect.
Effective tax rate:
 
Unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity.
FAS 115:
 
Net premium earned and net investment income less future policy benefits, acquisition costs and administrative expenses.
Life underwriting income:
 
Not meaningful.
NM:
 
Shareholders' equity less perpetual preferred shares.
Ordinary shareholders' equity:
 
Property and casualty.
P&C:
 
Loss and loss expense ratios, policy acquisition cost ratios and administrative expense ratios excluding life reinsurance business. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratios:
 
Income (loss) excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect less perpetual preferred securities divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity.
Return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity less goodwill divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per ordinary share:
 
Shareholders' equity less goodwill.
Tangible equity:
 
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, perpetual preferred shares and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 
Year to date.
YTD:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20070208104822.txt.gz
TIME:20070208104822
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
On February 5, 2007, ACE INA Holdings Inc. agreed to sell in a public offering $500 million of 5.70% Senior Notes due 2017. The notes will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by ACE Limited.
Attached as Exhibits 1.1 and 1.2 are copies of the underwriting agreement and terms agreement relating to such public offering.
 
(d) Exhibits.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: February 8, 2007

Exhibit 1.1
EXECUTION COPY
 
 
 
 
 
EXECUTION COPY
February 5, 2007
 
within-mentioned Terms Agreement
Ladies and Gentlemen:
ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), proposes to issue and sell up to $500,000,000 aggregate initial public offering price, or its equivalent based on the applicable exchange rate at the time of offering in such foreign or composite currencies as the Company shall designate at the time of offering, of its senior or subordinated debt securities (the "Debt Securities"), from time to time, in or pursuant to one or more offerings on terms to be determined at the time of sale. The Debt Securities will be unconditionally guaranteed as to payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest by ACE Limited, a Cayman Islands company (the "Guarantor").
The Debt Securities will be issued in one or more series as senior indebtedness (the "Senior Debt Securities") under an indenture, dated as of August 1, 1999 (the "Senior Indenture"), among the Company, the Guarantor and J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association (as successor to The First National Bank of Chicago), as trustee (the "Senior Trustee"), or as subordinated indebtedness (the "Subordinated Debt Securities") under an indenture (the "Subordinated Indenture", and collectively with the Senior Indenture, the "Indentures", and each, an "Indenture"), dated as of December 1, 1999 among the Company, the Guarantor and J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the "Subordinated Trustee", and collectively with the Senior Trustee, the "Trustees", and each, a "Trustee"). Each series of Debt Securities may vary, as applicable, as to title, aggregate principal amount, rank, interest rate or formula and timing of payments thereof, stated maturity date, redemption and/or repayment provisions, sinking fund requirements, conversion or exchange provisions and any other variable terms established by or pursuant to the applicable Indenture.
Whenever the Company determines to make an offering of Debt Securities, the Company and the Guarantor will enter into an agreement (each, a "Terms Agreement") providing for the sale of such Debt Securities to, and the purchase and offering thereof by, the underwriters specified in the Terms Agreement (the "Underwriters", which term shall include any Underwriter substituted pursuant to Section 10 hereof). The Terms Agreement relating to the offering of Debt Securities shall specify the aggregate principal amount of Debt Securities to be
 
issued (the "Underwritten Securities"), the name of each Underwriter participating in such offering (subject to substitution as provided in Section 10 hereof) and the name of any Underwriter acting as co-manager in connection with such offering, the aggregate principal amount of Underwritten Securities that each such Underwriter severally agrees to purchase, whether such offering is on a fixed or variable price basis and, if on a fixed price basis, the initial offering price, the price at which the Underwritten Securities are to be purchased by the Underwriters, the form, time, date and place of delivery and payment of the Underwritten Securities and any other material variable terms of the Underwritten Securities. The Terms Agreement, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, may take the form of an exchange of any standard form of written telecommunication between the Company and one or more of the Underwriters, acting for themselves and, if applicable, as representative(s) of any other Underwriters. Each offering of Underwritten Securities will be governed by this Underwriting Agreement, as supplemented by the applicable Terms Agreement. As used herein, the term "Representative(s)" means, with respect to any offering of Debt Securities, any Underwriter(s) specified as the representative(s) of the Underwriters of such offering in the applicable Terms Agreement and if none is so designated, it means the Underwriters.
The Company and the Guarantor have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") a joint automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-130378), for the registration of the Debt Securities and the guarantee thereof of the Guarantor (the "Guarantee") under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "1933 Act"), and the offering thereof from time to time in accordance with Rule 415 of the rules and regulations of the Commission under the 1933 Act (the "1933 Act Regulations"). Such registration statement became effective automatically upon filing on December 16, 2005, each Indenture has been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the "1939 Act"), and the Company and the Guarantor have filed such post-effective amendments to such registration statement as may be required prior to the execution of the applicable Terms Agreement and each such post-effective amendment became effective automatically upon filing with the Commission. At any given time, such registration statement (as so amended, if applicable, to such time), including any required information deemed to be a part thereof at such time pursuant to Rule 430B under the 1933 Act (the "Rule 430B Information"), is referred to herein as the "Registration Statement"; and the final base prospectus or prospectuses and the final prospectus supplement relating to the offering of the Underwritten Securities, in the form first furnished to the Underwriters by the Company and the Guarantor for use in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities, are collectively referred to herein as the "Prospectus"; provided, however, that at any given time references to the "Registration Statement" and the "Prospectus" shall also be deemed to include all documents incorporated therein by reference pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "1934 Act"), as of, in the case of the Registration Statement, such given date, or, in the case of the Prospectus, as of the date of the Prospectus. A "preliminary prospectus" shall be deemed to refer to any prospectus used before the Registration Statement became effective and any prospectus that omitted information to be included upon pricing in a form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the 1933 Act Regulations and was used after such effectiveness and prior to the relevant Applicable Time (as defined in the applicable Terms Agreement), including in each case any base prospectus so used and the documents incorporated by reference therein. For purposes of this Underwriting Agreement, all references to the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus or to any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing shall be
 
deemed to include any copy filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system ("EDGAR").
The term "Disclosure Package" shall mean (i) each preliminary prospectus, as amended or supplemented, used in connection with the offer of the Underwritten Securities, (ii) the issuer free writing prospectuses as defined in Rule 433 of the Securities Act (each, an "Issuer Free Writing Prospectus"), if any, identified in Schedule I to the applicable Terms Agreement, (iii) any other free writing prospectus that the parties hereto shall hereafter expressly agree in writing to treat as part of the Disclosure Package and (iv) the Final Term Sheet (as defined herein), which also shall be identified in Schedule I to the applicable Terms Agreement.
All references in this Underwriting Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information which is, at a given time, "contained," "included" or "stated" (or other references of like import) in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and schedules and other information which is incorporated by reference or deemed to be included in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus, as the case may be, as of, in the case of the Registration Statement, such given time, or, in the case of the Prospectus, the date of the Prospectus, or, in the case of a preliminary prospectus, the relevant Applicable Time; and all references in this Underwriting Agreement to amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus shall be deemed, at a given time, to mean and include the filing of any document under 1934 Act or the 1933 Act which is incorporated by reference or deemed to be included in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus, as the case may be, after, in the case of the Registration Statement, such given time, or, in the case of the Prospectus, the date of the Prospectus, or, in the case of a preliminary prospectus, the relevant Applicable Time.
SECTION 1. .
Representations and Warranties
(a) The Company and the Guarantor represent and warrant to each Underwriter named in the applicable Terms Agreement, as of the date thereof, as of the Applicable Time and as of the Closing Time (as defined below) (in each case, a "Representation Date"), as follows:
Representations and Warranties by the Company and the Guarantor.
(1) . (i) At the time of filing the Registration Statement, (ii) at the time of the most recent amendment thereto for the purposes of complying with Section 10(a)(3) of the 1933 Act (whether such amendment was by post-effective amendment, incorporated report filed pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act or form of prospectus) and (iii) at the execution time of each of this Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement (with each such date being used as the determination date for purposes of this clause (iii)), the Company was and is a "well known seasoned issuer" as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Act. The Registration Statement is an "automatic shelf registration statement", as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Act, neither the Company nor the Guarantor has received from the Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the 1933 Act objecting to use of the automatic shelf registration statement form and neither the Company nor the Guarantor has otherwise ceased to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration statement form.
Compliance with Registration Requirements; Disclosure
 
(i) At the earliest time after the filing of the Registration Statement relating to the Underwritten Securities that the Company, the Guarantor or another offering participant made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) of the 1933 Act) and (ii) as of the date of the execution and delivery of each of this Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement (with each such date being used as the determination date for purposes of this clause (ii)), neither the Company nor the Guarantor was or is an Ineligible Issuer (as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Act), without taking account of any determination by the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 of the 1933 Act that it is not necessary that either the Company or the Guarantor be considered an Ineligible Issuer.
No stop order has been issued under the 1933 Act and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or the Guarantor, are contemplated by the Commission, and any request on the part of the Commission for additional information has been complied with. In addition, each Indenture has been duly qualified under the 1939 Act.
At the respective times the Registration Statement became effective or was deemed effective with respect to the Underwriters pursuant to Rule 430B(f)(2) under the 1933 Act and at each Representation Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and the 1939 Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission under the 1939 Act (the "1939 Act Regulations") and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.
At the date of the Prospectus and at the Closing Time, neither the Prospectus nor any amendments and supplements thereto included or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
As of the Applicable Time, the Disclosure Package did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
Neither any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus nor the Final Term Sheet, as of its issue date and at all subsequent times through the completion of the offering of the Underwritten Securities or until any earlier date that the Company or the Guarantor notified or notifies the Representatives as described in the next sentence, did not, does not and will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any preliminary prospectus, including any document incorporated by reference therein that has not been superseded or modified. If at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such
 
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any preliminary prospectus, the Company has promptly notified or will promptly notify the Representatives and has promptly amended or supplemented or will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict.
The Company has not distributed and will not distribute, prior to the later of the Closing Time and the completion of the Underwriters' distribution of the Underwritten Securities, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Underwritten Securities other than a preliminary prospectus, the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus reviewed and consented to by the Representatives and included in Schedule I to the applicable Terms Agreement or the Registration Statement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the representations and warranties in this subsection shall not apply to statements in or omissions from the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company or the Guarantor in writing by any Underwriter through the Representative(s) expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus.
To the Company's knowledge, the Registration Statement is not the subject of a pending proceeding or examination under Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the 1933 Act, nor is the Company or the Guarantor the subject of a pending proceeding under Section 8A of the 1933 Act in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities.
Each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus filed as part of the Registration Statement as originally filed or as part of any amendment thereto, or filed pursuant to Rule 424 under the 1933 Act, complied when so filed in all material respects with the 1933 Act Regulations and each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with the offering of Underwritten Securities will, at the time of such delivery, be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.
(2) . The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, at the time they were or hereafter are filed with the Commission, complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (the "1934 Act Regulations") and, when read together with the other information in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, at the Applicable Time or at the date of the Prospectus, as the case may be, and at the Closing Time, did not and will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
Incorporated Documents
(3) . The accountants who certified or shall certify the financial statements and any supporting schedules thereto of the Guarantor included in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus are
Independent Accountants
 
independent public accountants with respect to the Guarantor and its subsidiaries as required by the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations.
(4) . The financial statements of the Guarantor included in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, together with the related schedules and notes, as well as those financial statements, schedules and notes of any other entity included therein, present fairly the financial position of the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries, or such other entity, as the case may be, at the dates indicated and the statement of operations, stockholders' equity and cash flows of the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries, or such other entity, as the case may be, for the periods specified. Such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved, except as indicated therein or in the notes thereto. The supporting schedules, if any, included in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus present fairly in accordance with GAAP the information required to be stated therein. The selected financial data and the summary financial information, if any, included in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus present fairly the information shown therein and have been compiled on a basis consistent with that of the related audited financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.
Financial Statements
(5) . Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except as otherwise stated therein (i) neither the Guarantor nor any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) has sustained any material loss or material interference with its business from any action, notice, order or decree from an insurance regulatory authority and (ii) there has been (A) no material adverse change in case reserves or losses or loss expense of the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries (including the Company) and (B) no material adverse change, nor any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business, or results of operations of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries (including the Company) considered as one enterprise, in either case whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business (a "Material Adverse Change").
No Material Adverse Change in Business
(6) . The Company has been duly incorporated and is subsisting and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under, or as contemplated under, this Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement. The Company is duly qualified to transact business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Good Standing of the Company
 
(7) . The Guarantor has been duly incorporated and is existing and in good standing under the laws of the Cayman Islands, with corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under, or as contemplated under, this Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement. The Guarantor is duly qualified to transact business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Good Standing of the Guarantor
(8) . Each subsidiary of the Guarantor, other than such subsidiaries as would not, individually or in the aggregate, constitute a "significant subsidiary" as such term is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated under the 1933 Act (each, a "Significant Subsidiary") (including the Company) that is a corporation has been duly incorporated or organized and is an existing corporation in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, with corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; and each such Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor is duly qualified to transact business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of each such Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor has been duly authorized and validly issued and is fully paid and nonassessable; and all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of each such Significant Subsidiary is owned by the Guarantor, directly or through subsidiaries, except for de minimis shareholdings as required to comply with applicable law, and such capital stock is owned free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance, claim or equity (except for restrictions on transferability of the shares of insurance subsidiaries, under applicable law).
Good Standing of Corporate Subsidiaries
(9) . Each Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor that is a partnership has been duly formed and is an existing partnership in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation, with power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; and each such Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; all of the outstanding equity interests of each such Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor have been duly authorized and validly issued; and all of the equity interests of each such Significant Subsidiary are owned by the Guarantor,
Good Standing of Partnership Subsidiaries
 
directly or through subsidiaries, free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance, claim or equity (other than immaterial amounts necessary to comply with applicable law).
(10) . If the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus contains a "Capitalization" section, the authorized, issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Guarantor are as set forth in the column entitled "Actual" under such section (except for subsequent issuances thereof, if any, pursuant to reservations, agreements or employee benefit plans or pursuant to the exercise of convertible securities or options). Such shares of capital stock have been duly authorized and validly issued by the Guarantor and are fully paid and non-assessable, and none of such shares of capital stock was issued in violation of preemptive or other similar rights of any securityholder of the Guarantor.
Capitalization
(11) . This Underwriting Agreement has been, and the applicable Terms Agreement as of the date thereof will have been, duly authorized, executed and delivered by each of the Company and the Guarantor.
Authorization of this Underwriting Agreement and Terms Agreement
(12) . The Underwritten Securities have been, or as of the date of the applicable Terms Agreement will have been, duly authorized by the Company for issuance and sale pursuant to this Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement. Such Underwritten Securities, when issued and authenticated in the manner provided for in the applicable Indenture and delivered against payment of the consideration therefor specified in such Terms Agreement, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), and except further as enforcement thereof may be limited by requirements that a claim with respect to any Underwritten Securities payable in a foreign or composite currency (or a foreign or composite currency judgment in respect of such claim) be converted into U.S. dollars at a rate of exchange prevailing on a date determined pursuant to applicable law or by governmental authority to limit, delay or prohibit the making of payments outside the United States. Such Underwritten Securities will be in the form contemplated by, and each registered holder thereof will be entitled to the benefits of, the applicable Indenture.
Authorization of Underwritten Securities
(13) . The Guarantee has been, or as of the date of such Terms Agreement will have been, duly authorized by the Guarantor for issuance pursuant to this Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement. Such Guarantee, when issued and delivered in the manner provided for in the applicable Indenture, will constitute a valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor, enforceable against the Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws
Authorization of Guarantee
 
affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), and will be in the form contemplated by, and entitled to the benefits of, the Indenture.
(14) . The applicable Indenture has been, or prior to the issuance of the Debt Securities thereunder will have been, duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and the Guarantor and, upon such authorization, execution and delivery, will constitute a valid and binding agreement of the Company and the Guarantor, enforceable against each of them in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).
Authorization of the Indentures
(15) . The Underwritten Securities being sold pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement, the Guarantee and each applicable Indenture, as of each Representation Date, will conform in all material respects to the statements relating thereto contained in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and will be in substantially the form filed or incorporated by reference, as the case may be, as an exhibit to the Registration Statement.
Descriptions of the Underwritten Securities, the Guarantee and the Indentures
(16) . Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, under current laws and regulations of the Cayman Islands and Bermuda and any political subdivision thereof, all interest payable on the Underwritten Securities may be paid by the Guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee to the holders thereof in United States dollars and freely transferred out of the Cayman Islands or Bermuda and all such payments made to holders thereof or therein who are non-residents of the Cayman Islands or Bermuda will not be subject to income, withholding or other taxes under laws and regulations of the Cayman Islands or Bermuda or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein and will otherwise be free and clear of any other tax, duty, withholding or deduction in the Cayman Islands or Bermuda or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein and without the necessity of obtaining any governmental authorization in the Cayman Islands or Bermuda or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein.
Non-Taxation of Interest
(17) . The description of the Guarantor's reserves and reserving methodology and assumptions described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus is accurate and fairly presents the information set forth therein in all material respects and, since the date of the latest financial statements included in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, no loss experience has developed which would require or make it appropriate for the Guarantor to alter or modify such methodology.
Reserves
(18) . Neither the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is in violation of its charter or by-laws, partnership agreement or other constitutive documents or in default in the performance or observance
Absence of Defaults and Conflicts
 
of any obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan or credit agreement, note, lease or other agreement or instrument to which the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to which any of the assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is subject (collectively, "Agreements and Instruments"), except for such defaults that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. The execution, delivery and performance of this Underwriting Agreement, the applicable Terms Agreement and each applicable Indenture and any other agreement or instrument entered into or issued or to be entered into or issued by the Company or the Guarantor in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (including, without limitation, the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities, the issuance of the Guarantee, and the use of the proceeds from the sale of the Underwritten Securities, together with the Guarantee, as described under the caption "Use of Proceeds") and compliance by the Company and the Guarantor, as applicable, with their respective obligations hereunder and thereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and do not and will not, whether with or without the giving of notice or passage of time or both, conflict with or constitute a breach of, or default or Repayment Event (as defined below) under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) pursuant to, any Agreements and Instruments (except for such conflicts, breaches, defaults or Repayment Events or liens, charges or encumbrances that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change), nor will such action result in any violation of the provisions of the charter, by-laws, partnership agreement or other constitutive document of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) or, to the best of the Company's and the Guarantor's knowledge, any applicable law, statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ or decree of any government, government instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) or over any of the assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company), except for such violations under applicable law, statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ or decree as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. As used herein, a "Repayment Event" means any event or condition that gives the holder of any note, debenture or other evidence of indebtedness (or any person acting on such holder's behalf) the right to require the repurchase, redemption or repayment of all or a portion of such indebtedness by the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company).
(19) . There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or brought by any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign, now pending, or to the knowledge of the Company or the Guarantor threatened or contemplated, against or affecting the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) that is required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus (other than as stated therein), or that would
Absence of Proceedings
 
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, or that would reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the ability of the Company or the Guarantor to perform its obligations under this Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement.
(20) . There are no contracts or documents that are required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, the Prospectus or the documents incorporated by reference therein or to be filed as exhibits thereto that have not been so described and filed as required.
Accuracy of Exhibits
(21) . No consent, approval, authorization, or order of, or filing with, any governmental agency or body or any court, domestic or foreign, is required for the due authorization, execution or delivery by the Company or the Guarantor of this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement or for the performance by the Company or the Guarantor of the transactions contemplated under the Prospectus, this Underwriting Agreement, such Terms Agreement or the applicable Indenture, as applicable, except such as have been obtained and made under the 1933 Act, such filing of the Prospectus as has been made with the Bermuda Registrar of Companies under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda and such as may be required under state securities laws.
Absence of Further Requirements
(22) . The Guarantor and its subsidiaries (including the Company) possess such permits, licenses, approvals, consents and other authorizations (collectively, "Governmental Licenses") issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory agencies or bodies necessary to conduct the business now operated by them, except where the failure to so possess any such Governmental Licenses would not, singly or in aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. The Guarantor and its subsidiaries (including the Company) are in compliance with the terms and conditions of all such Governmental Licenses, except where the failure so to comply would not, singly or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. All of the Governmental Licenses are valid and in full force and effect, except where the invalidity of such Governmental Licenses or the failure of such Governmental Licenses to be in full force and effect would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. Neither the Guarantor nor any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such Governmental Licenses that, singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Possession of Licenses and Permits
(23) . Each of the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries (including insurance holding companies) is duly registered, licensed or admitted as an insurer or an insurance holding company (as applicable) in each jurisdiction where it is required to be so licensed or admitted to conduct its business as presently conducted, except where the failure to be so registered, licensed or admitted would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; each of the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries has all other necessary authorizations, approvals, orders, certificates and permits, of and from, and has made all declarations and filings with, all insurance
Insurance Laws
 
authorities, commissions or other insurance regulatory bodies to conduct their respective businesses as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except for where the failure to have such authorizations, approvals, orders, certificates and permits, or to make such declarations and filings, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; all of such authorizations, approvals, orders, certificates and permits are in full force and effect, except where the failure to be in full force and effect would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and neither the Guarantor nor its insurance subsidiaries has received any notification from any insurance authority, commission or other insurance regulatory body to the effect that any additional authorization, approval, order, license, certificate or permit from such authority, commission or body is needed to be obtained by any of the Guarantor or its insurance subsidiaries, except for any authorization, approval, order, license, certificate or permit from any such authority, commission or body the failure of which to obtain, singly or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Each of the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries is in compliance with all applicable insurance statutes and regulations and has filed all reports, documents or other information required to be filed under such statutes and regulations, except where the failure to comply or file would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and each of the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries is in compliance with the insurance laws and regulations of other jurisdictions which are applicable to the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries (as the case may be), except where the failure to comply would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
(24) . Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, no authorization, approval or consent of any governmental authority or agency is required (other than any license as an insurer or insurance holding company and other than those that have already been obtained) under the laws of any jurisdiction in which the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) conduct their respective businesses in connection with the ownership, directly or indirectly, by the Guarantor of equity interests in any subsidiary (including the Company) or the repatriation of any amount from or to the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company), except to the extent that the failure to obtain such authorization, approval or consent would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Governmental Authorization
(25) . The Underwritten Securities, upon issuance, will be excluded or exempted under, or beyond the purview of, the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the "Commodity Exchange Act"), and the rules and regulations of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the Commodity Exchange Act (the "Commodity Exchange Act Regulations").
Commodity Exchange Act
(26) . The Company and the Guarantor are not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities as herein contemplated and the application of the net proceeds therefrom as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus they will not be, an "investment company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act").
Investment Company Act
 
(27) . The Guarantor maintains a system of internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company's principal executive officer and principal financial officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Guarantor's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of the end of the quarter ended December 31, 2006, and the Guarantor was not aware of any material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting at such time.
Internal Controls and Procedures
(b) Any certificate signed by any officer of the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries and delivered to the Representative(s) or to counsel for the Underwriters in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company, the Guarantor or such subsidiary, as the case may be, to each Underwriter as to the matters covered thereby on the date of such certificate and, unless subsequently amended or supplemented, at each Representation Date subsequent thereto.
Officers' Certificates.
SECTION 2. .
Sale and Delivery to Underwriters; Closing
(a) The several commitments of the Underwriters to purchase the Underwritten Securities pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement shall be deemed to have been made on the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained and shall be subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth.
Underwritten Securities.
(b) Payment of the purchase price for, and delivery of, the Underwritten Securities shall be made at the offices of Sidley Austin , 787 Seventh Avenue, New York, New York 10019, or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Representative(s) and the Company, at 9:00 A.M. (Eastern time) on the third (fourth, if the pricing occurs after 4:30 P.M. (Eastern time) on any given day) business day after the date of the applicable Terms Agreement (unless postponed in accordance with the provisions of Section 10 hereof), or such other time not later than ten business days after such date as shall be agreed upon by the Representative(s) and the Company (such time and date of payment and delivery being herein called "Closing Time").
Payment.
LLP
Payment shall be made to the Company by wire transfer of immediately available funds to a bank account designated by the Company, against delivery to the Representative(s) for the respective accounts of the Underwriters of the Underwritten Securities to be purchased by them. It is understood that each Underwriter has authorized the Representative(s), for its account, to accept delivery of, receipt for, and make payment of the purchase price for, the Underwritten Securities which it has severally agreed to purchase. Any Representative, individually and not as representative of the Underwriters, may (but shall not be obligated to) make payment of the purchase price for the Underwritten Securities to be purchased by any Underwriter whose funds have not been received by the Closing Time, but such payment shall not relieve such Underwriter from its obligations hereunder.
(c) If the Underwritten Securities are issued other than in book-entry form, certificates for the Underwritten Securities shall be in such denominations and
Denominations; Registration.
 
registered in such names as the Representative(s) may request in writing at least one full business day prior to the Closing Time. If the Underwritten Securities are issued other than in book-entry form, certificates for the Underwritten Securities will be made available for examination and packaging by the Representative(s) in The City of New York not later than 10:00 A.M. (Eastern time) on the business day prior to the Closing Time.
SECTION 3. . The Company and the Guarantor covenant with the Representative(s) and with each Underwriter participating in the offering of Underwritten Securities, as follows:
Covenants of the Company and the Guarantor
(a) The Company and the Guarantor, subject to Section 3(b), will comply with the requirements of Rule 430B of the 1933 Act Regulations, if and as applicable, and they will notify the Representative(s) immediately, and confirm the notice in writing, of (i) the filing and effectiveness of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or the filing of any supplement or amendment to the Prospectus, (ii) the receipt of any comments from the Commission, (iii) any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus or for additional information, (iv) the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any preliminary prospectus, or of the suspension of the qualification of the Underwritten Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of any proceedings for any of such purposes or of any examination pursuant to Section 8(e) of the 1933 Act concerning the Registration Statement and (v) if the Company or the Guarantor becomes the subject of a proceeding under Section 8A of the 1933 Act in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities. The Company and the Guarantor will effect the filings required under Rule 424(b) of the 1933 Act Regulations, in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)), and will take such steps as they deem necessary to ascertain promptly whether each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus transmitted for filing under Rule 424 was received for filing by the Commission and, in the event that it was not, they will promptly file such preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus. The Company and the Guarantor will make every reasonable effort to prevent the issuance of any stop order and, if any stop order is issued, to obtain the lifting thereof at the earliest possible moment. The Company and the Guarantor agree to pay the required Commission filing fees relating to the Underwritten Securities within the time required by Rule 456(b)(1) of the 1933 Act Regulations without regard to the proviso therein and otherwise in accordance with Rules 456(b) and 457(r) of the 1933 Act Regulations.
Compliance with Securities Regulations and Commission Requests; Payment of Filing Fees.
(b) . The Company and the Guarantor will give the Representative(s) notice of their intention to file or prepare any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment, supplement or revision to either any preliminary prospectus or to the Prospectus, whether pursuant to the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or otherwise, and the Company and the Guarantor will furnish the Representative(s) with copies of any such documents a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing or use, as the case may be, and will give the Representative(s) a reasonable opportunity to comment on any such document prior to such proposed filing or use, as the case may be. The Company will prepare a final term sheet (the "Final Term Sheet") reflecting the
Filing of Amendments and Exchange Act Documents; Preparation of Final Term Sheet
 
final terms of the Underwritten Securities, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative(s) and attached as Schedule II to the applicable Terms Agreement, and shall file such Final Term Sheet as an "issuer free writing prospectus" pursuant to Rule 433 under the 1933 Act Regulations within the time required by such rule.
(c) The Company and the Guarantor have furnished or will deliver to the Representative(s) and counsel for the Underwriters, without charge, signed copies of the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each amendment thereto (including exhibits filed therewith or incorporated by reference therein and documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein or deemed to be a part thereof) and signed copies of all consents and certificates of experts, and will also deliver to the Representative(s), without charge, a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each amendment thereto (without exhibits) for each of the Underwriters. The Registration Statement and each amendment thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.
Delivery of Registration Statements.
(d) The Company and the Guarantor will deliver to each Underwriter, without charge, as many copies of each preliminary prospectus and each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus (as defined below) as such Underwriter may reasonably request, and the Company and the Guarantor hereby consent to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the 1933 Act. The Company and the Guarantor will furnish to each Underwriter, without charge, during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act, such number of copies of the Prospectus as such Underwriter may reasonably request. The Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.
Delivery of Prospectuses.
(e) The Company and the Guarantor will comply with the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and the 1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Underwritten Securities as contemplated in this Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement and in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. If at any time when the Prospectus is required by the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act to be delivered in connection with sales of the Underwritten Securities, any event shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters or for the Company and the Guarantor, to amend the Registration Statement in order that the Registration Statement will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or to amend or supplement the Prospectus in order that the Prospectus will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading in the light of the circumstances existing at the time it is delivered to a purchaser, or if it shall be necessary, in the opinion of such counsel, at any such time to amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement the Prospectus in order to comply with the requirements of the 1933 Act or the 1933 Act Regulations, the Company and the Guarantor will promptly prepare and file with the Commission, at its own expense, subject to Section 3(b), such amendment or supplement as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or to comply with such requirements, the
Continued Compliance with Securities Laws.
 
Company and the Guarantor will use their best efforts to have such amendment declared effective as soon as practicable (if it is not automatically effective with respect to the Underwritten Securities), and the Company and the Guarantor will furnish to the Underwriters, without charge, such number of copies of such amendment or supplement as the Underwriters may reasonably request. Neither the Representatives' consent to, nor any Underwriters' delivery of, any such amendment or supplement shall constitute a waiver of any of the conditions set forth in Section 5. If at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or any preliminary prospectus or included or would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances prevailing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company and the Guarantor will promptly notify the Representative(s) and will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement or omission and will promptly file such amendment or supplement with the Commission.
(f) The Company and the Guarantor will use their best efforts, in cooperation with the Underwriters, to qualify the Underwritten Securities for offering and sale under the applicable securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions (domestic or foreign) as the Representative(s) may designate and to maintain such qualifications in effect for a period of not less than one year from the date of the applicable Terms Agreement; provided, however, that the Company and the Guarantor shall not be obligated to file any general consent to service of process or to qualify as a foreign corporation or as a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which they are not so qualified or to subject themselves to taxation in respect of doing business in any jurisdiction in which they are not otherwise so subject. In each jurisdiction in which the Underwritten Securities have been so qualified, the Company and the Guarantor will file such statements and reports as may be required by the laws of such jurisdiction to continue such qualification in effect for a period of not less than one year from the date of such Terms Agreement.
Blue Sky Qualifications.
(g) . The Guarantor and, to the extent separately required pursuant to Rule 158 under the 1933 Act, the Company will timely file such reports pursuant to the 1934 Act as are necessary in order to make generally available to its securityholders as soon as practicable an earnings statement for the purposes of, and to provide the benefits contemplated by, the last paragraph of Section 11(a) of the 1933 Act.
Earnings Statement
(h) The Company will use the net proceeds received by it from the sale of the Underwritten Securities in the manner specified under "Use of Proceeds" in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.
Use of Proceeds.
(i) The Company and the Guarantor will use their best efforts to effect the listing of the Underwritten Securities, prior to the Closing Time, on any national securities exchange or quotation system if and as specified in the applicable Terms Agreement.
Listing.
(j) Between the date of the applicable Terms Agreement and the Closing Time or such other date specified in such Terms Agreement, neither
Restriction on Sale of Debt Securities.
 
the Company nor the Guarantor will, without the prior written consent of the Representative(s), directly or indirectly, issue, sell, offer or contract to sell, grant any option for the sale of, or otherwise dispose of, the debt securities specified in such Terms Agreement.
(k) The Guarantor, during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act, will file all documents required to be filed with the Commission pursuant to the 1934 Act within the time periods required by the 1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations.
Reporting Requirements.
(l) The Company and the Guarantor will jointly and severally indemnify and hold harmless the Underwriters against any documentary, stamp or similar issue tax, including any interest and penalties, on the creation, issue and sale of the Underwritten Securities and on the execution and delivery of this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement. All payments to be made by the Company or the Guarantor hereunder shall be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties or governmental charges whatsoever unless the Company or the Guarantor is compelled by law to deduct or withhold such taxes, duties or charges. In that event, the Company or the Guarantor shall pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received after such withholding or deduction shall equal the amounts that would have been received if no withholding or deduction had been made.
Documentary, Stamp or Similar Issue Taxes.
(m) Each of the Company and the Guarantor represents that it has not made, and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Representative(s), it will not make, any offer relating to the Underwritten Securities that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute a "free writing prospectus" (as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Regulations) required to be filed by the Company or the Guarantor with the Commission or retained by the Company or the Guarantor under Rule 433 of the 1933 Act Regulations; provided that the prior written consent of the Representative(s) shall be deemed to have been given in respect of the free writing prospectuses listed in Schedule I to the applicable Terms Agreement. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Representative(s) is hereinafter referred to as a "Permitted Free Writing Prospectus". Each of the Company and the Guarantor agrees that (i) it has treated and will treat, as the case may be, each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and (ii) has complied and will comply, as the case may be, with the requirements of Rules 164 and 433 of the 1933 Act Regulations applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including in respect of timely filing with the Commission, legending and record keeping. Each of the Company and the Guarantor consents to the use by any Underwriter of a free writing prospectus that (a) is not an "issuer free writing prospectus" as defined in Rule 433, and (b) contains only (i) information describing the preliminary terms of the Underwritten Securities or their offering, (ii) information permitted by Rule 134 of the 1933 Act Regulations or (iii) information that describes the final terms of the Underwritten Securities or their offering and that is included in the Final Term Sheet
Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses.
(n) . If immediately prior to the third anniversary (the "Renewal Deadline") of the initial effective date of the Registration Statement, any of the Underwritten Securities remain unsold by the Underwriters, the Company and the Guarantor will prior to the Renewal Deadline file, if it has not already done so and is eligible to
Registration Statement Renewal Deadline
 
do so, a new automatic shelf registration statement relating to the Underwritten Securities, in a form satisfactory to the Representative(s). If the Company or the Guarantor is no longer eligible to file an automatic shelf registration statement, the Company and the Guarantor will prior to the Renewal Deadline, if it has not already done so, file a new shelf registration statement relating to the Underwritten Securities, in a form satisfactory to the Representative(s), and will use its best efforts to cause such registration statement to be declared effective within 60 days after the Renewal Deadline. The Company and the Guarantor will take all other action necessary or appropriate to permit the public offering and sale of the Underwritten Securities to continue as contemplated in the expired registration statement relating to the Underwritten Securities. References herein to the Registration Statement shall include such new automatic shelf registration statement or such new shelf registration statement, as the case may be.
(o) If at any time when Underwritten Securities remain unsold by the Underwriters either the Company or the Guarantor receives from the Commission a notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations or otherwise ceases to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration statement form, the Company or the Guarantor will (i) promptly notify the Representative(s), (ii) promptly file a new registration statement or post-effective amendment on the proper form relating to the Underwritten Securities, in a form satisfactory to the Representative(s), (iii) use its best efforts to cause such registration statement of post-effective amendment to be declared effective and (iv) promptly notify the Representative(s) of such effectiveness. The Company and the Guarantor will take all other action necessary or appropriate to permit the public offering and sale of the Underwritten Securities to continue as contemplated in the registration statement that was the subject of the Rule 401(g)(2) notice or for which the Company or the Guarantor has otherwise become ineligible. References herein to the Registration Statement shall include such new registration statement or post-effective amendment, as the case may be.
Notice of Inability to Use Automatic Shelf Registration Statement Form.
SECTION 4. .
Payment of Expenses
(a) The Company and the Guarantor will pay all expenses incidental to the performance of their obligations under this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement, including (i) the preparation, printing and filing of the Registration Statement (including financial statements and exhibits) as originally filed and of each amendment thereto, (ii) the preparation, printing and delivery to the Underwriters of this Underwriting Agreement, any Terms Agreement, any Agreement among Underwriters, the Indentures, and such other documents as may be required in connection with the offering, purchase, sale, issuance or delivery of the Underwritten Securities, (iii) the preparation, issuance and delivery of the Underwritten Securities and any certificates for the Underwritten Securities, to the Underwriters, including any transfer taxes and any stamp or other duties payable upon the sale, issuance or delivery of the Underwritten Securities to the Underwriters, (iv) the fees and disbursements of the Company's and the Guarantor's counsel, accountants and other advisors or agents (including transfer agents and registrars), as well as the fees and disbursements of the Trustees, and their respective counsel, (v) the qualification of the Underwritten Securities under state securities laws in accordance with the provisions of Section 3(f) hereof, including filing fees and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters in connection therewith and in connection with the preparation, printing and delivery of the Blue Sky Survey, and any amendment thereto, (vi) the printing and delivery to the Underwriters and filing of copies of each
Expenses.
 
preliminary prospectus, the Prospectus, any free writing prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, (vii) the fees charged by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations for the rating of the Underwritten Securities, if applicable, (viii) the fees and expenses incurred with respect to the listing of the Underwritten Securities, if applicable, and (ix) the filing fees incident to, and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Underwriters in connection with, the review, if any, by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. (the "NASD") of the terms of the sale of the Underwritten Securities.
(b) If the applicable Terms Agreement is terminated by the Representative(s) in accordance with the provisions of Section 5 or Section 9(a)(i) or 9(a)(ii) hereof, the Company and the Guarantor shall reimburse the Underwriters for all of their out-of-pocket expenses, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters.
Termination of Agreement.
SECTION 5. . The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Underwritten Securities pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement are subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company and the Guarantor contained in Section 1(a) hereof or in certificates of any officer of the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries delivered pursuant to the provisions hereof, to the performance by the Company and the Guarantor of their covenants and other obligations hereunder, and to the following further conditions:
Conditions of Underwriters' Obligations
(a) The Registration Statement has become effective under the 1933 Act; no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued under the 1933 Act and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or be pending or threatened by the Commission; any request on the part of the Commission for additional information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of counsel to the Underwriters; no notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations shall have been received by the Company or the Guarantor objecting to the use of the automatic shelf registration statement form; the Registration Statement is not the subject of a pending proceeding or examination under Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the 1933 Act, and neither the Company nor the Guarantor is the subject of a pending proceeding under Section 8A of the 1933 Act in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities. Each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus shall have been filed with the Commission (including the information required by Rule 430B of the 1933 Act Regulations) in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) of the 1933 Act Regulations without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8) of the 1933 Act Regulations, or a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement containing the information required by such Rule 430B shall have been filed, and such post-effective amendment shall have become effective. The Final Term Sheet and any other material required to be filed by the Company or the Guarantor pursuant to Rule 433(d) of the 1933 Act Regulations, shall have been filed with the Commission within the applicable time periods prescribed for such filings under such Rule 433.
Effectiveness of Registration Statement; No Objection from the NASD; Filings.
(b) . At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received the favorable opinions, each dated as of Closing Time, of Maples and Calder, Cayman Islands counsel for the Guarantor, Conyers Dill & Pearman, Bermuda Counsel for the Guarantor, the Guarantor's General Counsel, and Mayer, Brown, Rowe
Opinions of Counsel for Company and Guarantor
 
& Maw LLP, United States counsel for the Company and the Guarantor, in form and substance satisfactory to counsel for the Underwriters, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letters for each of the other Underwriters, to the effect set forth in: Exhibit B hereto with respect to the opinion of Maples and Calder; Exhibit C hereto with respect to the opinion of Conyers Dill & Pearman; Exhibit D hereto with respect to the opinion of the Guarantor's General Counsel and Exhibit E hereto with respect to the opinion of Mayer, Brown, Rowe & Maw LLP, and, as to each opinion, to such further effect as the Underwriters may reasonably request.
(c) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received the favorable opinion, dated as of Closing Time, of Sidley Austin , counsel for the Underwriters, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriters, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letter for each of the other Underwriters. In giving such opinion, such counsel may rely, as to all matters governed by the laws of jurisdictions other than the law of the State of New York, the federal law of the United States and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, upon the opinions of counsel satisfactory to the Representative(s). Such counsel may also state that, insofar as such opinion involves factual matters, they have relied, to the extent they deem proper, upon certificates of officers of the Company, the Guarantor and their respective subsidiaries and certificates of public officials.
Opinion of Counsel for Underwriters.
LLP
(d) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received a certificate of the President or a Vice President of the Company and of the chief financial officer or chief accounting officer of the Company, dated as of Closing Time, to the effect that (i) there has not been, since the date of the applicable Terms Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, any material adverse change, or any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (ii) the representations and warranties of the Company in Section 1(a) are true and correct with the same force and effect as though expressly made at and as of the Closing Time, (iii) the Company has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to the Closing Time, and (iv) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted, are pending or, to the best of such officer's knowledge, are threatened by the Commission.
Company Officers' Certificate.
(e) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received a certificate of either the Chairman, the President and Chief Executive Officer or the General Counsel and Secretary of the Guarantor and of either the chief financial officer, chief accounting officer or chief investment officer of the Guarantor, dated as of Closing Time, to the effect that, to the best of their knowledge and after reasonable investigation, (i) there has not been, since the date of the applicable Terms Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, any material adverse change, or any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business or results of operations of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (ii) the representations and warranties of the Guarantor in Section 1(a) are true and correct with the same force and effect as though expressly made at and as of the Closing Time, (iii) the Guarantor has complied
Guarantor Officers' Certificate.
 
with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to the Closing Time, and (iv) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted, are pending or are threatened by the Commission.
(f) At the time of the execution of the applicable Terms Agreement, the Representative(s) shall have received from Pricewaterhouse Coopers letters, each dated such date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative(s), together with signed or reproduced copies of such letters for each of the other Underwriters, containing statements and information of the type ordinarily included in accountants' "comfort letters" to underwriters with respect to the financial statements and certain financial information contained in the Registration Statement, the preliminary prospectus or prospectuses that are part of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.
Accountant's Comfort Letters.
LLP
(g) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received from Pricewaterhouse Coopers letters, each dated as of Closing Time, to the effect that they reaffirm the statements made in the letters furnished pursuant to subsection (f) of this Section 5, except that the specified date referred to shall be a date not more than three business days prior to the Closing Time.
Bring-down Comfort Letters.
LLP
(h) At Closing Time, the Underwritten Securities shall have the ratings accorded by any "nationally recognized statistical rating organization", as defined by the Commission for purposes of Rule 436(g)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations (each, a "Rating Organization"), if and as specified in the applicable Terms Agreement, and the Company and the Guarantor shall have delivered to the Representative(s) a letter, dated as of such date, from each such rating organization, or other evidence satisfactory to the Representative(s), confirming that the Underwritten Securities have such ratings. Since the time of execution of such Terms Agreement, there shall not have occurred a downgrading in, or withdrawal of, the rating assigned to the Underwritten Securities or any of the Guarantor's other securities or the Guarantor's financial strength or claims paying ability by any such Rating Organization, and no such Rating Organization shall have publicly announced that it has under surveillance or review with negative implications its rating of the Underwritten Securities or any of the Guarantor's other securities or the Guarantor's financial strength or claims paying ability.
Ratings.
(i) At Closing Time, the Underwritten Securities shall have been approved for listing, subject only to official notice of issuance, on the securities exchanges, if any, specified in the applicable Terms Agreement.
Approval of Listing.
(j) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received from the Guarantor a certificate, dated as of Closing Time and in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative(s), relating to certain financial and accounting matters.
Guarantor's Officer's Certificate.
(k) At Closing Time, counsel for the Underwriters shall have been furnished with such documents and opinions as they may require for the purpose of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities as herein contemplated, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the conditions, herein contained; and all proceedings taken by the
Additional Documents.
 
Company and the Guarantor in connection with the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities and the Guarantee as herein contemplated shall be satisfactory in form and substance to the Representative(s) and counsel for the Underwriters.
(l) If any condition specified in this Section 5 shall not have been fulfilled when and as required to be fulfilled, the applicable Terms Agreement may be terminated by the Representative(s) by notice to the Company and the Guarantor at any time at or prior to the Closing Time, and such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except as provided in Section 4 and except that Sections 1, 6, 7 and 8 shall survive any such termination and remain in full force and effect.
Termination of Terms Agreement.
SECTION 6. .
Indemnification
(a) The Company and the Guarantor agree to jointly and severally indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter and each person, if any, who controls any Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act as follows:
Indemnification of Underwriters.
(1) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B Information deemed to be a part thereof, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact included in any preliminary prospectus, the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the information contained in the Final Term Sheet, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;
(2) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, to the extent of the aggregate amount paid in settlement of any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission; provided that (subject to Section 6(d) below) any such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company and the Guarantor; and
(3) against any and all expense whatsoever, as incurred (including the fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by the Representative(s)), reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission, to the extent that any such expense is not paid under (1) or (2) above;
 
, , that this indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense to the extent arising out of any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company or the Guarantor by any Underwriter through the Representative(s) expressly for use in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B Information deemed to be a part thereof or any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto).
provided
however
(b) Each Underwriter severally and not jointly agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, the Guarantor, their respective directors, each of their respective officers who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company or the Guarantor within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the indemnity contained in subsection (a) of this Section, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions, made in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B Information deemed to be a part thereof or any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company or the Guarantor by such Underwriter through the Representative(s) expressly for use in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto) or such preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto).
Indemnification of Company, Guarantor, Directors and Officers.
(c) Each indemnified party shall give notice as promptly as reasonably practicable to each indemnifying party of any action commenced against it in respect of which indemnity may be sought hereunder, but failure to so notify an indemnifying party shall not relieve such indemnifying party from any liability hereunder to the extent it is not materially prejudiced as a result thereof and in any event shall not relieve it from any liability which it may have otherwise than on account of this indemnity agreement. In the case of parties indemnified pursuant to Section 6(a) above, counsel to the indemnified parties shall be selected by the Representative(s), and, in the case of parties indemnified pursuant to Section 6(b) above, counsel to the indemnified parties shall be selected by the Guarantor. An indemnifying party may participate at its own expense in the defense of any such action; provided, however, that counsel to the indemnifying party shall not (except with the consent of the indemnified party) also be counsel to the indemnified party. In no event shall the indemnifying parties be liable for fees and expenses of more than one counsel (in addition to any local counsel) separate from their own counsel for all indemnified parties in connection with any one action or separate but similar or related actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified parties, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever in respect of which indemnification or contribution could be sought under this Section 6 or Section 7 hereof (whether or not the indemnified parties are actual or potential parties thereto), unless such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes an unconditional release of each indemnified party from all liability arising out of such litigation, investigation, proceeding or claim and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party.
Actions against Parties; Notification.
 
(d) If at any time an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel, such indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of the nature contemplated by Section 6(a)(2) effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 45 days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request, (ii) such indemnifying party shall have received notice of the terms of such settlement at least 30 days prior to such settlement being entered into and (iii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed such indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement.
Settlement without Consent if Failure to Reimburse.
SECTION 7. . If the indemnification provided for in Section 6 hereof is for any reason unavailable to or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the aggregate amount of such losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses incurred by such indemnified party, as incurred, (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, from the offering of the Underwritten Securities pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations.
Contribution
The relative benefits received by the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the total net proceeds from the offering of such Underwritten Securities (before deducting expenses) received by the Company and the total underwriting discount received by the Underwriters, in each case as set forth on the cover of the Prospectus bear to the aggregate initial public offering price of such Underwritten Securities as set forth on such cover.
The relative fault of the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any such untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or the Guarantor or by the Underwriters and the parties' relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission.
The Company, the Guarantor and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 7 were determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to above in this Section 7. The aggregate amount of losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses incurred by an indemnified party and referred to above in this Section 7 shall be deemed to include any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency
 
or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 7, no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total price at which the Underwritten Securities underwritten by it and distributed to the public were offered to the public exceeds the amount of any damages which such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason of any such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.
No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.
For purposes of this Section 7, each person, if any, who controls an Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act shall have the same rights to contribution as such Underwriter, and each director of the Company and the Guarantor, each officer of the Company and the Guarantor who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company or the Guarantor within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company and the Guarantor. The Underwriters' respective obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 7 are several in proportion to the aggregate principal amount of Initial Underwritten Securities set forth opposite their respective names in the applicable Terms Agreement, and not joint.
SECTION 8. . All representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement or in certificates of officers of the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries submitted pursuant hereto or thereto shall remain operative and in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or controlling person, or by or on behalf of the Company or the Guarantor, and shall survive delivery of and payment for the Underwritten Securities.
Representations, Warranties and Agreements to Survive Delivery
SECTION 9. .
Termination
(a) The Representative(s) may terminate this Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement, by notice to the Company and the Guarantor, at any time at or prior to the Closing Time, if (i) there has been, since the time of execution of such Terms Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, any material adverse change, or any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (ii) there has been, since the time of execution of such Terms Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Prospectus, any material adverse change, or any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business or results of operations of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (iii) there has occurred any material adverse change in the financial markets in the United States or any outbreak of hostilities or escalation thereof or other calamity or crisis or any change or development involving a prospective change in national or international
Terms Agreement.
 
political, financial or economic conditions, in each case referred to in this clause (iii), the effect of which is such as to make it, in the judgment of the Representative(s), impracticable or inadvisable to market the Underwritten Securities or to enforce contracts for the sale of the Underwritten Securities, (iv) any downgrading in the rating of any debt securities of the Guarantor or the Company or the insurance claims paying ability rating or other insurance rating of the Guarantor or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, in each case by any "nationally recognized statistical rating organization" (as defined for purposes of Rule 436 (g) under the 1933 Act), or any public announcement that any such organization has under surveillance or review its rating of any debt securities of the Guarantor or the Company (other than an announcement with positive implications of a possible upgrading, and no implication of a possible downgrading, of such rating) or of the insurance claims paying ability or other insurance rating of the Guarantor or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, (v) trading in any securities of the Company or the Guarantor has been suspended or materially limited by the Commission or the New York Stock Exchange, or if trading generally on the New York Stock Exchange or the American Stock Exchange or in the Nasdaq National Market has been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices have been required, by either of said exchanges or by such system or by order of the Commission, the NASD or any other governmental authority or a material disruption has occurred in commercial banking or securities settlement or clearance services in the United States or (vi) a banking moratorium has been declared by either U.S. Federal, New York or Bermuda authorities or, if the Underwritten Securities are denominated or payable in, or indexed to, one or more foreign or composite currencies, by the relevant authorities in the related foreign country or countries.
(b) If this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section 9, such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except as provided in Section 4 hereof, and provided further that Sections 1, 6, 7 and 8 shall survive such termination and remain in full force and effect.
Liabilities.
SECTION 10. . If one or more of the Underwriters shall fail at the Closing Time to purchase the Underwritten Securities which it or they are obligated to purchase under the applicable Terms Agreement (the "Defaulted Securities"), then the Representative(s) shall have the right, within 24 hours thereafter, to make arrangements for one or more of the non-defaulting Underwriters, or any other underwriters, to purchase all, but not less than all, of the Defaulted Securities in such amounts as may be agreed upon and upon the terms herein set forth; if, however, the Representative(s) shall not have completed such arrangements within such 24-hour period, then:
Default by One or More of the Underwriters
(a) if the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of Defaulted Securities does not exceed 10% of the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of Underwritten Securities to be purchased on such date pursuant to such Terms Agreement, the non-defaulting Underwriters shall be obligated, severally and not jointly, to purchase the full amount thereof in the proportions that their respective underwriting obligations under such Terms Agreement bear to the underwriting obligations of all non-defaulting Underwriters, or
 
(b) if the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of Defaulted Securities exceeds 10% of the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of Underwritten Securities to be purchased on such date pursuant to such Terms Agreement, such Terms Agreement shall terminate without liability on the part of any non-defaulting Underwriter.
No action taken pursuant to this Section 10 shall relieve any defaulting Underwriter from liability in respect of its default.
In the event of any such default which does not result in a termination of the applicable Terms Agreement, either the Representative(s) or the Company shall have the right to postpone the Closing Time for a period not exceeding seven days in order to effect any required changes in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or in any other documents or arrangements.
SECTION 11. . All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if mailed or transmitted by any standard form of telecommunication. Notices to the Underwriters shall be directed to the Representatives at the address specified in the applicable Terms Agreement; notices to the Company shall be directed to it at 436 Walnut Street, Philadelphia, PA 19106, attention of General Counsel; and notices to the Guarantor shall be directed to it at ACE Global Headquarters, 17 Woodbourne Avenue, Hamilton HM 08 Bermuda, attention of General Counsel and Secretary.
Notices
SECTION 12. . This Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement shall each inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and the Guarantor and, upon execution of such Terms Agreement, any Underwriters named therein and their respective successors. Nothing expressed or mentioned in this Underwriting Agreement or such Terms Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give any person, firm or corporation, other than the Underwriters, the Company, the Guarantor and their respective successors and the controlling persons and officers and directors referred to in Sections 6 and 7 and their heirs and legal representatives, any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Underwriting Agreement or such Terms Agreement or any provision herein or therein contained. This Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement and all conditions and provisions hereof and thereof are intended to be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto and thereto and their respective successors, and said controlling persons and officers and directors and their heirs and legal representatives, and for the benefit of no other person, firm or corporation. No purchaser of Underwritten Securities from any Underwriter shall be deemed to be a successor by reason merely of such purchase.
Parties
SECTION 13. . Each of the parties hereto hereby expressly and irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any competent court in the place of its domicile and any United States Federal or New York State court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York in any action, suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby to the extent that such court has subject matter jurisdiction over the controversy, and expressly and irrevocably waives, to the extent permitted under applicable law, any immunity from the jurisdiction thereof and any claim or defense in
Consent to Jurisdiction; Miscellaneous
 
such action, suit or proceeding based on a claim of improper venue, or any similar basis to which it might otherwise be entitled in any such action, suit or proceeding. Each of the Company and the Guarantor irrevocably appoints ACE USA, Inc., 1133 Avenue of the Americas, 32
forum
non
conveniens
nd
Floor, New York, New York 10036, as its authorized agent in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York upon which process may be served in any such action, suit or proceeding, and agrees that service of process upon such agent, and written notice of said service to the Company or the Guarantor by the person serving the same to the address provided in Section 11, shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon the Company or the Guarantor, as the case may be, in any such action, suit or proceeding. Each of the Company and the Guarantor further agrees to take any and all action as may be necessary to maintain such designation and appointment of such agent in full force and effect for a period of seven years from the date of this Underwriting Agreement.
SECTION 14. . To the extent that the Company or the Guarantor or any of their respective properties, assets or revenues may have or may hereafter become entitled to, or have attributed to them, any right of immunity, on the grounds of sovereignty, from any legal action, suit or proceeding, from set-off or counterclaim, from the jurisdiction of any court, from service of process, from attachment upon or prior to judgment, or from attachment in aid of execution of judgment, or from execution of judgment, other legal process or proceeding for the giving of any relief or for the enforcement of any judgment, in any jurisdiction in which proceedings may at any time be commenced, with respect to their obligations, liabilities or any other matter under or arising out of or in connection with this Underwriting Agreement or any additional agreement, each of the Company and the Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally, to the extent permitted by applicable law, waives and agrees not to plead or claim any such immunity and consents to such relief and enforcement.
WAIVER OF IMMUNITIES
SECTION 15. . The Company and the Guarantor jointly and severally agree to indemnify each Underwriter against any loss incurred by such Underwriter as a result of any judgment or order being given or made for any amount due hereunder and such judgment or order being expressed and paid in a currency (the "Judgment Currency") other than United States dollars and as a result of any variation as between (i) the rate of exchange at which the United States dollar amount is converted into the Judgment Currency for the purpose of such judgment or order, and (ii) the rate of exchange at which such Underwriter is able to purchase United States dollars with the amount of the Judgment Currency actually received by such Underwriter. The foregoing indemnity shall constitute a separate and independent obligation of each of the Company and the Guarantor and shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any such judgment or order as aforesaid. The term "rate of exchange" shall include any premiums and costs of exchange payable in connection with the purchase of, or conversion into, the relevant currency.
JUDGMENT CURRENCY
SECTION 16. . The Company and the Guarantor acknowledge and agree that (i) the purchase and issuance of the Underwritten Securities pursuant to this Agreement is an arm's-length commercial transaction between the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the several Underwriters, on the other, (ii) in connection therewith and with the process leading to such transaction each Underwriter is acting solely as a principal and not the agent or fiduciary of the Company or the Guarantor, (iii) no Underwriter has assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company or the
NO ADVISORY OR FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY
 
Guarantor with respect to the offering contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether such Underwriter has advised or is currently advising the Company or the Guarantor on other matters) or any other obligation to the Company or the Guarantor except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement and (iv) the Company and the Guarantor have consulted their own legal and financial advisors to the extent they deemed appropriate. The Company and the Guarantor agree that they will not claim that the Underwriters, or any of them, has rendered advisory services of any nature or respect, or owes a fiduciary or similar duty to the Company or the Guarantor, in connection with such transaction or the process leading thereto.
SECTION 17. . THIS UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT AND ANY APPLICABLE TERMS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. SPECIFIED TIMES OF DAY REFER TO NEW YORK CITY TIME.
GOVERNING LAW AND TIME
SECTION 18. . The Article and Section headings herein and the Table of Contents are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.
EFFECT OF HEADINGS
 
 
 
Exhibit A
[-]
 
436 Walnut Street, WB12B
Philadelphia, PA 19106
ACE LIMITED
ACE Global Headquarters
17 Woodbourne Avenue
Hamilton HM 08, Bermuda
Ladies and Gentlemen:
We understand that ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware company (the "Company"), proposes to issue and sell $          aggregate principal amount of its [senior] [subordinated] debt securities (the "Underwritten Securities"), which will be unconditionally guaranteed as to payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest by ACE Limited, a Cayman Islands company. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth or incorporated by reference herein, the underwriter[s] named below (the "Underwriters") offer[s] to purchase [, severally and not jointly,] the principal amount of Underwritten Securities opposite [its] [their] name[s] set forth below at the purchase price set forth below.
 
The Underwritten Securities shall have the following terms:
Title:
Rank:
Ratings:
Aggregate principal amount:
Denominations:
Currency of payment:
Interest rate or formula:
Interest payment dates:
Regular record dates:
Stated maturity date:
Redemption provisions:
Sinking fund requirements:
Conversion or exchange provisions:
Guarantee Provisions:
Listing requirements:
Black-out provisions:
Fixed or Variable Price Offering: [Fixed] [Variable] Price Offering
If Fixed Price Offering, initial public offering price: % of the principal amount, plus accrued interest [amortized original issue discount], if any, from .
    
                    
Purchase price: % of principal amount, plus accrued interest [amortized original issue discount], if any, from .
    
                    
Form:
Applicable Time:
Other terms and conditions:
Closing date and location:
Notices: Notice to the Underwriters shall be directed to the Representative(s) c/o:
[
 
                                ]
All of the provisions contained in the document attached as Annex I hereto entitled "ACE INA HOLDINGS INC.Senior and Subordinated Debt Securities  Unconditionally Guaranteed
 
as to Payment of Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest by ACE LIMITED Underwriting Agreement" are hereby incorporated by reference in their entirety herein and shall be deemed to be a part of this Terms Agreement to the same extent as if such provisions had been set forth in full herein. Terms defined in such document are used herein as therein defined.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.
Please accept this offer no later than o'clock P.M. (New York City time) on by signing a copy of this Terms Agreement in the space set forth below and returning the signed copy to us.
    
                    
 
 
 
 
Schedule I
Final Term Sheet dated [-] (attached hereto as Schedule II)
 
Schedule II
 
The issuer has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents the issuer has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer and this offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC Web site at . Alternatively, [REPRESENTATIVE(S)] can arrange to send you the prospectus if you request it by calling or e-mailing [] at 1-800-[] or []@[].
www.sec.gov
    
    
    
    
 
Exhibit B
(i) The Guarantor has been duly incorporated and is validly existing and in good standing as an exempted company, under the laws of the Cayman Islands, and has the corporate power and corporate authority to own, lease and operate its property, and to conduct its business, as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and to enter into and perform its obligations under, or as contemplated under, the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement.
(ii) The authorized share capital of the Guarantor, as set out in its Memorandum and Articles of Association, conforms as to legal matters to the description thereof contained in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. All of the Guarantor's Ordinary Shares have been duly and validly authorized and issued by the Guarantor and are registered in the books of the Guarantor as fully paid. On the basis that the contractual subscription price of all such Ordinary Shares is fully paid in cash (or equivalent consideration approved by the Directors), such Ordinary Shares issued may properly be credited as fully paid under Cayman Islands law and, as the Guarantor has been established on the basis that the liability of its shareholders is limited to the amount, if any, unpaid on their Ordinary Shares (see Clause 5 of the Memorandum and Articles of Association), there is no rule of Cayman Islands law that would impose any further liability on persons holding Ordinary Shares in the Guarantor, merely by reason of such shareholding. So far as Cayman Islands law is concerned, the registered holders have good and valid title to their respective Ordinary Shares on the assumption that they have not entered into any liens, encumbrances, equities or claims which could give rise to any equitable interest on the part of any third party in respect of such Ordinary Shares. The holders of Ordinary Shares are not subject to any pre-emptive rights under the laws of the Cayman Islands or the Guarantor's Memorandum and Articles of Association.
(iii) The Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Guarantor.
(iv) The Guarantee has been duly authorized and delivered by the Guarantor for issuance and sale pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement.
(v) Each applicable Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Guarantor.
(vi) The execution and delivery by the Guarantor of, and the performance by the Guarantor of its obligations under, the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement and each applicable Indenture and any other agreement or instrument
 
entered into or issued or to be entered into or issued by the Guarantor in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and the consummation by the Guarantor of the transactions contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement do not and will not (A) violate any provision of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Guarantor; (B) contravene any provision of any law, public rule or regulation of the Cayman Islands applicable to the Guarantor; (C) to the best of such counsel's knowledge, contravene any existing published order or decree of the courts of the Cayman Islands by which the Guarantor is bound or by which its properties or assets may be affected; or (D) require any consent, approval or authorization or order of, or qualification with, any Cayman Islands governmental agency in connection with the offer and sale of the Underwritten Securities and the Guarantee.
(vii) To the best of such counsel's knowledge, but based only upon a search of the cause list at the offices of the Grand Courts of the Cayman Islands, there was no action, suit or proceeding to which the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries is a party or to which the assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries is subject, before the courts of the Cayman Islands at the close of business on [specify a recent date].
(viii) All statements made in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus with regard to statutes, regulations, rules, treaties and other laws of the Cayman Islands (including, but not limited to, insurance, regulatory and tax matters and the Companies Law (2002 Revision) of the Cayman Islands) and enforcement of judgments in the Cayman Islands are accurate.
(ix) Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, and to the extent that the laws of the Cayman Islands are relevant, the Guarantor has legally, validly, effectively and irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of the United States Federal and New York State courts sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York, State of New York, and has legally, validly and effectively appointed ACE USA, Inc. as the authorized agent of the Guarantor for the purposes described in Section 13 of the Underwriting Agreement assuming this to be the case as a matter of the applicable United States Federal and New York State laws.
(x) The choice of the laws of the State of New York, United States of America as the governing law of the Underwriting Agreement is a valid and effective choice of law and in an action brought before a court of competent jurisdiction in the Cayman Islands, the laws of the State of New York would, to the extent specifically pleaded and proved as a fact by expert evidence, be recognized and applied by such court to all issues concerning the formal and essential validity of each of the Underwriting Agreement and the Indenture and the interpretation thereof, except that in any such action such court will apply those laws of the Cayman Islands as such court characterizes as procedural, and will not apply those laws of the State of New York as such court characterizes as procedural.
 
(xi) Although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of a judgment obtained in New York, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided such judgment is final, for a liquidated sum, not in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, and was not obtained in a manner and is not of a kind the enforcement of which is contrary to the public policy of the Cayman Islands. A Cayman Islands court may stay proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. For the purposes of enforcement of a judgment granted against the Guarantor in respect of the Underwriting Agreement or the Indenture, a court in the Cayman Islands would recognize the jurisdiction of the applicable federal or state court to the jurisdiction of which the Guarantor has submitted rendering such judgment if service of process on the Guarantor is effected pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of the Underwriting Agreement.
(xii) On the basis that the Guarantor carries on its business as set forth in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there is no requirement that it be licensed under the Insurance Law, 1979, as amended, of the Cayman Islands.
In rendering such opinion, such counsel may rely (A) as to matters involving the application of laws other than the laws of the Cayman Islands, to the extent such counsel deems proper and specified in such opinion, upon the opinion of other counsel whom such counsel believes to be reliable (which opinion shall be dated and furnished to the Representative(s) at the Closing Time, shall be satisfactory in form and substance to counsel for the Underwriters and shall expressly state that the Underwriters may rely on such opinion as if it were addressed to them), provided that such counsel shall state in their opinion that they believe that they and the Underwriters are justified in relying upon such opinion, and (B) as to matters of fact (but not as to legal conclusions), to the extent such counsel deems proper, on certificates of responsible officers of the Guarantor, its subsidiaries and public officials.
 
Exhibit C
(i) Each of ACE Bermuda Insurance Ltd., Corporate Officers and Directors Assurance Ltd., ACE Tempest Reinsurance Ltd., ACE Tempest Life Reinsurance Ltd. and ACE INA Overseas Insurance Company Ltd. (collectively, the "Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries") (A) is validly existing under the laws of Bermuda as a company with limited liability and is in good standing under the laws of Bermuda (meaning that such company has not failed to make any filing with any Bermuda government authority or to pay any Bermuda government fee or tax, the failure of which would make such company immediately liable to be struck off the Register of Companies and thereby cease to exist under the laws of Bermuda) and (B) the corporate objects and powers contained in the Memorandum of Association of each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries are sufficient to allow them to carry on their business and to own, lease and operate its properties as both are described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.
(ii) Based solely upon a certified copy of the Register of Members for each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries, and without further inquiry, (a) all of the issued shares in the share capital of each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries have been duly and validly authorized and issued and are fully paid and nonassessable (meaning that no further sums are required to be paid by the holders thereof in connection with the issue of such shares); and (b) the Guarantor is the direct or indirect registered holder of all the issued shares of each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries; and (c) based solely upon the Register of Charges, and without further inquiry, there are no registered liens, encumbrances, equities or claims in the Register of Charges in respect of those shares.
(iii) Each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries is duly registered as an insurer under the Insurance Act of 1978 (Bermuda) and the regulations promulgated thereunder (together, the "Insurance Act") and as so registered, each Bermuda Insurance Subsidiary may conduct that insurance business which it is described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus as carrying on; and, based solely on the Certificates of Compliance and without independent inquiry, each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries has filed with the appropriate Bermuda governmental authority all reports, documents or other information required to be filed under the Insurance Act.
(iv) The execution and delivery by the Guarantor of, and the performance by the Guarantor of its obligations under, the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement and each applicable Indenture and any other agreement or instrument entered into or issued or to be entered into or issued by the Guarantor in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and the consummation by the Guarantor of the transactions contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement do not and will not (A) violate any provision of the Memorandum of Association or Bye-laws of each of the Bermuda Insurance
 
Subsidiaries; (B) contravene any provision of any of those laws, rules and regulations of Bermuda which, in such counsel's opinion, based upon such counsel's experience, are normally applicable to transactions of the type contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement, except that such counsel need not express any opinion in this paragraph with respect to Bermuda securities laws; (C) based solely upon the Cause Book and without further inquiry, contravene any judgment, order or decree by the Bermuda Supreme Court against the Guarantor or any of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries; (D) based solely upon the Register of Charges and without further inquiry, conflict with, result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, or give rise to any right to accelerate the maturity or require the prepayment of any registered charge recorded in the Register of Charges against the Guarantor or any of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries; or (E) require any consent, approval or authorization or order of, or qualification with any Bermuda governmental agency, except such as have been obtained under the applicable securities laws of Bermuda in connection with the offer and sale of the Underwritten Securities.
(v) Based solely upon the Cause Book and without further inquiry, there is no action, suit or proceeding now pending before the Bermuda Supreme Court to which the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries is a party or to which the assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries is subject, other than certain actions set out in the opinion.
(vi) All statements (but excluding those statements forming a part of financial information or accounts) made in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and Prospectus with respect to statutes, regulations, rules, treaties and other laws of Bermuda (including, but not limited to, statements made with respect to the Insurance Act and Bermuda tax matters) are accurate in all material respects.
(vii) The choice of the law of the State of New York as the governing law of the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Indenture is a valid choice of law and would be recognized and given effect to in any action brought before a court of competent jurisdiction in Bermuda, except for those laws (A) that such court considers to be procedural in nature, (B) that are revenue or penal laws or (C) the application of which would be inconsistent with public policy, as such term is interpreted under the laws of Bermuda.
(viii) The courts of Bermuda would recognize as a valid judgment, a final and conclusive judgment in personam obtained in the courts of the State of New York and of the United States of America against the Guarantor based upon the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Indenture under which a sum of money is payable (other than a sum of money payable in respect of multiple damages, taxes or other charges of a like nature or in respect of a fine or other penalty) and would give a judgment based thereon provided that (A) such courts had proper jurisdiction over the parties subject to such judgment, (B) such courts did not contravene the rules of natural justice of Bermuda, (C) such judgment was not obtained by fraud, (D) the enforcement of the judgment would not be contrary to the public policy of Bermuda, (E) no new admissible
 
evidence relevant to the action is submitted prior to the rendering of the judgment by the courts of Bermuda and (F) there is due compliance with the correct procedures under the laws of Bermuda.
In rendering such opinion, such counsel may rely (A) as to matters involving the application of laws other than the laws of Bermuda, to the extent such counsel deems proper and specified in such opinion, upon the opinion of other counsel whom such counsel believes to be reliable (which opinion shall be dated and furnished to the Representative(s) at the Closing Time, shall be satisfactory in form and substance to counsel for the Underwriters and shall expressly state that the Underwriters may rely on such opinion as if it were addressed to them), provided that such counsel shall state in their opinion that they believe that they and the Underwriters are justified in relying upon such opinion, and (B) as to matters of fact (but not as to legal conclusions), to the extent such counsel deems proper, on certificates of responsible officers of the Guarantor, its subsidiaries and public officials.
 
Exhibit D
(i) The Guarantor is qualified to do business, and is in good standing, as a foreign corporation, under the laws of each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or its ownership or leasing of property requires such qualification, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or to be in good standing would not singly or in the aggregate result in a Material Adverse Change.
(ii) Each "significant subsidiary" of the Company (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated under the 1933 Act) and the Company is qualified to transact business and is in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions which recognize such concept) in each jurisdiction in which it owns or leases real property or in which the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified or to be in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions which recognize such concept) would not singly or in the aggregate result in a Material Adverse Change;
(iii) Except as set forth in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, such counsel does not know of any outstanding (A) securities or obligations of the Guarantor convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries; (B) rights, warrants or options to acquire or purchase from the Guarantor any shares of capital stock of the Guarantor or any such convertible or exchangeable securities or obligations; or (C) obligations or understandings of the Guarantor to issue or sell any shares of capital stock of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries, any such convertible or exchangeable securities or obligations, or any such warrants, rights or obligations.
(iv) To the best of such counsel's knowledge, and other than as disclosed in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no threatened legal proceedings against the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries that, if determined adversely to the Guarantor or such subsidiary, would result in a Material Adverse Change.
In rendering such opinion, such counsel may rely as to matters of fact (but not as to legal conclusions), to the extent such counsel deems proper, on certificates of responsible officers of the Company, the Guarantor, their respective subsidiaries and public officials.
 
Exhibit E
(i) Each of the Company and ACE USA, Inc. is duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.
(ii) The execution and delivery by the Company of, and the performance by the Company of its obligations under, the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement and the [each] applicable [Indenture] and any other agreement or instrument entered into or issued or to be entered into or issued by the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement do not and will not (A) contravene any provision of any United States federal or New York State law, rule or regulation, in each case which, in such counsel's opinion, based on such counsel's experience, are normally applicable to transactions of the type contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement ("United States Applicable Laws"), except that such counsel need not express any opinion in this paragraph with respect to state securities laws; (B) contravene any judgment, order or decree known to such counsel without independent inquiry of any United States federal or New York State court or governmental agency or body having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its subsidiaries or by which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is bound or by which their properties or assets may be affected; (C) conflict with, result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, or give rise to any right to accelerate the maturity or require the prepayment of any indebtedness or the purchase of any capital stock under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any properties or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, pursuant to the terms of, any agreement or instrument filed as an exhibit to the Guarantor's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K or any agreement or instrument otherwise known to such counsel to which the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to which any of the assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is subject, or the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Company or ACE USA, except for such conflicts, breaches, violations, defaults, accelerations, repayments, repurchases, liens, charges or encumbrances that would not singly or in the aggregate result in a Material Adverse Change; or (D) based upon such counsel's review of the United States Applicable Laws, require any consent, approval or authorization or order of, or qualification with, any United States federal or state governmental agency or authority or court, except such as have been obtained under the 1933 Act, the 1933 Act Regulations, the 1939 Act and the 1939 Act Regulations and such as may be required under state securities or blue sky laws or state insurance laws in connection with the offer and sale of the Underwritten Securities.
 
(iii) The Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company.
(iv) The Underwritten Securities have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company for issuance and sale pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement.
(v) The Underwritten Securities, when issued and authenticated in the manner provided for in the applicable Indenture and delivered against payment of the consideration therefor specified in such Terms Agreement, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), and except further as enforcement thereof may be limited by requirements that a claim with respect to any Debt Securities payable in a foreign or corporate currency (or a foreign or composite currency judgment in respect of such claim) be converted into U.S. dollars at a rate of exchange prevailing on a date determined pursuant to applicable law or by governmental authority to limit, delay or prohibit the making of payments outside the United States. The Underwritten Securities are in the form contemplated by, and each registered holder thereof is entitled to the benefits of, the [each] applicable Indenture.
(vi) Assuming the Guarantee has been duly authorized by the Guarantor for issuance and sale pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement, the Guarantee, when issued and delivered to the Underwriters in accordance with the provisions of the Underwriting Agreement, will constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor enforceable against the Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).
(vii) The [each] applicable Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and the Guarantor and (assuming the Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Guarantor and the applicable Trustee), the [each] applicable Indenture constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Company and the Guarantor, enforceable against the Company and the Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).
(viii) The Underwritten Securities, the Guarantee and the [each] applicable Indenture conform in all material respects to the statements relating thereto contained in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and are in substantially the form filed or incorporated by reference, as the case may be, as an exhibit to the Registration Statement.
 
(ix) Such counsel does not know, after inquiry of officers of the Company and the Guarantor and based solely on such inquiry, of any action, suit or proceeding before or by any United States federal or state government, governmental instrumentality or court now pending or threatened against or affecting the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) or any of their respective assets or properties that is required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus and is not so described or of any contract or other document that is required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or to be filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, that is not described or filed, as required.
(x) The statements in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus insofar as they are descriptions of contracts, agreements, instruments or the Company's Certificate of Incorporation or legal proceedings, or constitute statements or summaries of United States federal or New York State laws or legal conclusions with respect thereto, are accurate and present fairly the information required to be shown.
(xi) The discussion of tax matters set forth under the heading "Certain Tax Consequences" in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus contains the relevant and material provisions of present United States tax law applicable to the Underwritten Securities and the Guarantee and the statements thereunder are true and correct (subject to the qualifications and assumptions set forth in such discussion) as of the Closing Date.
(xii) The Registration Statement, including without limitation the Rule 430B Information, and the Prospectus, excluding the documents incorporated by reference therein, and each amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, excluding the documents incorporated by reference therein, as of their respective effective or issue dates (including without limitation each deemed effective date with respect to the Underwriters pursuant to Rule 430B(f)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations), other than the financial statements and supporting schedules and other financial data included therein or omitted therefrom, complied as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and the 1939 Act and the 1939 Act Regulations.
(xiii) The documents incorporated by reference in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (other than the financial statements and supporting schedules and other financial data included therein or omitted therefrom, as to which such counsel need express no opinion), when they became effective or were filed with the Commission, as the case may be, complied as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act, as applicable, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder.
(xiv) The [each] applicable Indenture has been duly qualified under the 1939 Act.
 
(xv) The Underwritten Securities, upon issuance, will be excluded or exempted under, or beyond the purview of, the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the "Commodity Exchange Act"), and the rules and regulations of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the Commodity Exchange Act (the "Commodity Exchange Act Regulations").
(xvi) The Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities as herein contemplated and the application of the net proceeds therefrom as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus will not be, an "investment company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act").
Such counsel shall also state that it has been advised by the Commission that the Registration Statement has become effective under the 1933 Act; that any required filings of each prospectus (including the Prospectus) pursuant to Rule 424(b) have been made in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) (without reference to Rule 424(b)(8)); any required filing of each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus pursuant to Rule 433 has been made in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 433(d); that, based solely on conversations with the Commission, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings for the purpose have been instituted, are pending or, to such counsel's knowledge, are contemplated under the 1933 Act; and that, to the best of such counsel's knowledge, neither the Company nor the Guarantor has received from the Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the 1933 Act objecting to the uses of the automatic shelf registration form, the Registration Statement is not the subject of a pending proceeding or examination under Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the 1933 Act and neither the Company nor the Guarantor is the subject of a pending proceeding under Section 8A of the 1933 Act in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities.
Such counsel shall also state that they have examined various documents and participated in conferences with representatives of the Company and the Guarantor and their accountants and with representatives of the Representative(s) and their counsel at which times the contents of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and related matters were discussed, and that, although they are not passing upon and assume no responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or fairness of the statements contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or making any representation that they have independently verified or checked the accuracy, completeness or fairness of such statements, except as set forth above, no facts have come to such counsel's attention that cause such counsel to believe that (i) the Registration Statement, at the most recent date with respect to the Underwriters pursuant to Rule 430B(f)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; (ii) the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, at the date of the Prospectus, at the date of any such amendment or supplement or at the Closing Time, included or includes any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or omits to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; or (iii) the Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time, included any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted
 
to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (such counsel need not express a belief with respect to the financial statements and supporting schedules and other financial data included in or omitted from the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto).
In rendering such opinion, such counsel may rely (A) as to matters involving the application of laws other than the laws of the State of New York, the corporate laws of the State of Delaware or the federal laws of the United States of America, to the extent such counsel deems proper and specified in such opinion, upon the opinion of other counsel whom such counsel believes to be reliable (which opinion shall be dated and furnished to the Representative(s) at the Closing Time, shall be satisfactory in form and substance to counsel for the Underwriters and shall expressly state that the Underwriters may rely on such opinion as if it were addressed to them), provided that such counsel shall state in their opinion that they believe that they and the Underwriters are justified in relying upon such opinion, and (B) as to matters of fact (but not as to legal conclusions), to the extent such counsel deems proper, on certificates of responsible officers of the Company, its subsidiaries and public officials.
 

Exhibit 1.2
February 5, 2007
 
436 Walnut Street, WB12B
Philadelphia, PA 19106
ACE LIMITED
ACE Global Headquarters
17 Woodbourne Avenue
Hamilton HM 08, Bermuda
Ladies and Gentlemen:
We understand that ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware company (the "Company"), proposes to issue and sell $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its senior debt securities (the "Underwritten Securities"), which will be unconditionally guaranteed as to payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest by ACE Limited, a Cayman Islands company. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth or incorporated by reference herein, the underwriters named below (the "Underwriters") offer to purchase, severally and not jointly, the principal amount of Underwritten Securities opposite their names set forth below at the purchase price set forth below.
 
 
Notices: Notice to the Underwriters shall be directed to the Representatives c/o:
Banc of America Securities LLC
Attention: High Grade Transaction Management/Legal
40 West 57th Street
NY1-040-27-03
New York, New York 10019
and
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
Attention: Debt Capital Markets-Insurance Group/General Counsel
60 Wall Street
New York, NY 10005
All of the provisions contained in the document attached as Annex I hereto entitled "ACE INA HOLDINGS INC.Senior and Subordinated Debt SecuritiesUnconditionally Guaranteed as to Payment of Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest by ACE LIMITEDUnderwriting Agreement" are hereby incorporated by reference in their entirety herein and shall be deemed to be a part of this Terms Agreement to the same extent as if such provisions had been set forth in full herein. Terms defined in such document are used herein as therein defined.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.
 
Please accept this offer no later than 8 o'clock P.M. (New York City time) on February 5, 2007 by signing a copy of this Terms Agreement in the space set forth below and returning the signed copy to us.
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schedule I
Final Term Sheet dated February 5, 2007 (attached hereto as Schedule II).
 
Schedule II
Filed Pursuant To Rule 433
Registration Statements No. 333-130378 and 333-130378-02
 
A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time.
Note:
The issuer and the guarantor have filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents the issuer and the guarantor have filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer, the guarantor and this offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC Web site at . Alternatively, the issuer, any underwriter or any
www.sec.gov
 
dealer participating in the offering will arrange to send you the prospectus if you request it by calling Banc of America Securities LLC toll-free at 1-800-294-1322 or Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. at 1-800-503-4611.
Any disclaimers or other notices that may appear below are not applicable to this communication and should be disregarded. Such disclaimers or other notices were automatically generated as a result of this communication being sent via Bloomberg or another email system.
 

Exhibit 5.1
Our ref        GWG/011166/1790067/v5
Your ref
 
8 February 2007
Dear Sirs
ACE Limited
We have acted as Cayman Islands legal advisers to ACE Limited (the "") in connection with the Company's registration statement on Form S-3, including all amendments or supplements thereto (the ""), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, relating, to the offering and sale, inter alia, of debt securities of ACE INA Holdings Inc. ("") guaranteed by the Company, in one or more offerings up to an aggregate initial offering price of US$1,500,000,000 and in connection with the offer and sale by ACE INA of $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.70% Senior Notes due 2017 (the "") fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company.
Company
Registration Statement
ACE INA
Notes
We are furnishing this opinion as Exhibit 5.1 to the Registration Statement.
 
For the purposes of this opinion, we have reviewed only originals, copies or final drafts of the following documents:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The following opinion is given only as to, and based on, circumstances and matters of fact existing and known to us on the date of this opinion. This opinion only relates to the laws of the Cayman Islands which are in force on the date of this opinion. In giving this opinion we have relied (without further verification) upon the completeness and accuracy of the Officer's Certificate and the Certificate of Good Standing. We have also relied upon the following assumptions, which we have not independently verified:
 
 
 
 
 
 
Based upon, and subject to, the foregoing assumptions and the qualifications set out below, and having regard to such legal considerations as we deem relevant, we are of the opinion that:
 
 
 
 
Except as specifically stated herein, we make no comment with respect to any representations and warranties which may be made by or with respect to the Company in any of the documents or instruments cited in this opinion or otherwise with respect to the commercial terms of the transactions the subject of this opinion.
We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference of this opinion as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. In the giving our consent, we do not thereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Act or the Rules and Regulations of the Commission thereunder.
Yours faithfully,
M C
APLES
AND
ALDER
 
8 February 2007
 
Dear Sirs
ACE Limited (the "")
Company
I, Robert Cusumano, being an officer of the Company, am aware that you are being asked to provide a legal opinion (the "") in relation to certain aspects of Cayman Islands law. Capitalised terms used in this certificate have the meaning given to them in the Opinion. I hereby certify that:
Opinion
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
I confirm that you may continue to rely on this Certificate as being true and correct on the day that you issue the Opinion unless I shall have previously notified you personally to the contrary.
 
 

Exhibit 5.2
 
 
ACE INA Holdings Inc.
Registration Statement on Form S-3
Dear Ladies and Gentlemen:
We have represented ACE Limited ("ACE"), a Cayman Islands company limited by shares, and ACE INA Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("ACE INA") in connection (i) with the preparation and filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, of a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (the "Registration Statement") relating to, among other things ACE INA's Debt Securities, which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed (the "Guarantee") by ACE and (ii) the offer and sale of $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of ACE INA's 5.70% Senior Notes due 2017 (the "Notes").
In rendering the opinions expressed herein, we have examined (i) the Indenture, dated as of August 1, 1999 (the "Indenture"), among ACE, ACE INA and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association and The First National Bank of Chicago), as trustee (the "Trustee"); (ii) the Notes and (iii) the Guarantee.
In addition, we have examined such other documents, certificates and opinions, and have made such further investigation as we have deemed necessary or appropriate for the purposes of the opinions expressed below. In expressing the opinions set forth below, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the conformity to the originals of all documents reviewed by us as copies, the authenticity and completeness of all original documents reviewed by us in original or copy form and the legal competence of each individual executing any document. As to all parties other than ACE INA, we have assumed the due authorization, execution and delivery of all documents, and, with respect to all parties other than ACE INA and ACE, we have assumed the validity and enforceability of all documents against all parties thereto, other than the ACE INA and ACE, in accordance with their respective terms.
Mayer, Brown, Rowe & Maw LLP
February 8, 2007
Page 2
As to questions of fact material to our opinions (but not as to legal conclusions), we have, to the extent we deemed such reliance appropriate, relied upon certificates and other statements of officers of ACE INA and ACE and of public officials issued with respect to ACE INA and ACE.
Based upon and subject to the foregoing, and having regard for legal considerations which we deem relevant, we are of the opinion that:
(i) ACE INA. is duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware;
(ii) The Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by ACE INA and (assuming the Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by ACE and the Trustee), the Indenture constitutes a valid and binding agreement of ACE INA and ACE, enforceable against ACE INA and ACE in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law);
(iii) The Notes have been duly authorized and executed by ACE INA and, assuming the due authentication thereof in the manner provided for in the Indenture and delivery against payment of the consideration therefor, constitute valid and binding obligations of ACE INA, enforceable against ACE INA in accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law);
(iv) Assuming the Guarantee has been duly authorized by ACE under Cayman Islands law, the Guarantee constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of ACE enforceable against ACE in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law);
We are admitted to practice in the States of Illinois and New York and our opinions expressed herein are limited solely to the Federal laws of the United States of America and the laws of the States of Illinois and New York, and we express no opinion herein concerning the laws of any other jurisdiction.
Mayer, Brown, Rowe & Maw LLP
February 8, 2007
Page 3
The opinions and statements expressed herein are as of the date hereof. We assume no obligation to update or supplement this opinion letter to reflect any facts or circumstances that may hereafter come to our attention or any changes in applicable law which may hereafter occur.
We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the Registration Statement and to all references to this firm in such Registration Statement.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20070424204715.txt.gz
TIME:20070424204715
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02.    Results of Operations and Financial Condition
 
On April 24, 2007, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its first quarter 2007 results and the availability of its first quarter financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
Item 9.01.    Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: April 24, 2007
 

 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 
 
 
 ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported net income for the first quarter ended March 31, 2007 of $701 million or $2.10 per ordinary share after payment of preferred dividends, compared with net income of $489 million or $1.46 per share for the same quarter last year. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) was $663 million, or $1.98 per share, compared with $477 million or $1.43 per share for the same quarter of last year.
HAMILTON, Bermuda, April 24, 2007
(1
)
 The first quarter 2006 results included an $80 million pre-tax charge pertaining to the settlement with certain governmental agencies of their investigations of various insurance industry business practices. The combined ratio for the first quarter was 87.1%. Annualized return on average equity based on the first quarter was 18.5%.
(3
)
 
 
 
Evan Greenberg, President and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "ACE had a very strong start to the year. We produced record net and operating income for the first quarter, and our tangible book value
 
Page 1/6
per share grew at a 22% annual pace. The quality of earnings was excellent, with strong contributions from both underwriting and investment income. Net written premium growth was in line with market conditions. Globally, we are maintaining underwriting discipline and avoiding business where prices and terms don't meet our standards while driving for growth in those areas where we see opportunity."
 
Other first quarter operating highlights were as follows:
 
 
Details of our first quarter 2007 financial results for our business segments are available in the financial supplement. Key segment items include:
 
 
 
 
 
Please refer to the ACE Limited Financial Supplement dated March 31, 2007, which is posted on the Company's website in the Investor Information section, and access Financial Reports for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverables, loss reserves, investment portfolio and capital structure. The URL reference is: . (Due to the length of this URL, it may be necessary to copy and paste this hyperlink into your Internet browser's URL address field.)
http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/nys/ace/reports/fin_supp_march_31_2007.xls
 
ACE will host its first quarter earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday, April 25, 2007 beginning at 8:30 a.m. ET. The earnings conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 800-819-9193 (within the United States) or 913-981-4911 (international); passcode 1477658. Please refer to the ACE Limited website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available from approximately 11:30 a.m. ET on Wednesday, April 25, 2007 until Friday, May 25, 2007. To listen to the replay, dial: 888-203-1112 (in the United States) or 719-457-0820 (international); passcode 1477658.
www.acelimited.com
 
Page 2/6
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, a component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, the ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acelimited.com
 
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:
 
Any forward-looking statements made in this press release reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments and actual settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, actual market developments, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
1
Non-GAAP Financial Measures:
is a common performance measurement for insurance companies. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. We exclude the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle net of tax because this amount resulted in a one-time adjustment to income.
Operating Income or Income excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect, net of tax
is calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, life and annuity benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting income and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including net investment income, other (income) expense, interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses). We believe the use of these measures enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
Underwriting income
is shareholders' equity less goodwill. See reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on page 20 in the financial supplement.
Tangible shareholders' equity
These measures should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
2
The cumulative effect is a benefit resulting from the inclusion of a forfeiture rate on restricted stock in our stock compensation expense calculations, as required under Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) 123R.
3
Calculated using income excluding net realized gains (losses).
4
Book value per ordinary share is ordinary shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
 
Page 3/6
 
 
Page 4/6
 
 
Ratios exclude life insurance and reinsurance business
 
Page 5/6
 
 
Page 6/6

Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
Life Insurance and Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
 
Reinsurance Recoverable for Active Operations
 
 
At December 31, 2006, $7.7 billion of the active operations' recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 95.0% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies. The Company held collateral of $3.2 billion, of which $1.9 billion was matched and usable against existing recoverables.
 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Reinsurance Recoverable
 
 
At December 31, 2006, $11.6 billion of ACE Limited recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 94.5% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies.
 
 
 
 
 
Detail on Reinsurance Recoverable on Paid Losses and Loss Expenses
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
 
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations. However, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of book value per share is provided on page 21.
 
In presenting our segment operating results, we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, life and annuity benefits, policy acquisition costs, and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense, and net realized gains (losses).
 
The following non-GAAP measure is a common performance measurement and is defined as income excluding net realized gains (losses), the tax expense (benefit) on net realized gains (losses), and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, net of tax. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. We exclude the benefit of the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, net of tax, because this benefit resulted in a one time adjustment to income. We believe these amounts are largely independent of our business and including them would distort the analysis of trends. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Ordinary Share
 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 
 
 
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect less perpetual preferred securities divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity for the period. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per ordinary share:
 
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio excluding life business. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
 
The benefit resulting from the accrual of a forfeiture rate on the restricted stock under Financial Accounting Standard 123R "Share-Based Payment".
Cumulative effect:
 
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect.
Effective tax rate:
 
Unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity.
FAS 115:
 
Net premium earned and net investment income less future policy benefits, acquisition costs and administrative expenses.
Life underwriting income:
 
Not meaningful.
NM:
 
Shareholders' equity less perpetual preferred shares.
Ordinary shareholders' equity:
 
Property and casualty.
P&C:
 
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect less perpetual preferred securities divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity.
Return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity less goodwill divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per ordinary share:
 
Shareholders' equity less goodwill.
Tangible equity:
 
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, perpetual preferred shares and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20070425160009.txt.gz
TIME:20070425160009
EVENTS:	Other Events
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
Due to a clerical error, the Summary Compensation Table contained in the Company's Proxy Statement, dated April 10, 2007, reported $2,533,598 in the Stock Awards column for Gary Schmalzriedt, reflecting the expense recognized in 2006 in accordance with FAS 123R for restricted stock awarded to Mr. Schmalzriedt in 2006 and prior years. The correct number for the Stock Awards column for Mr. Schmalzriedt in the Summary Compensation Table is $2,842,110. Accordingly, the correct number for the Total column in the Summary Compensation Table for Mr. Schmalzriedt is $5,252,185.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: April 25, 2007
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20070514163426.txt.gz
TIME:20070514163426
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
On May 9, 2007, ACE Group Holdings, Inc. and its U.S.-domiciled subsidiaries that issue insurance policies to residents of the United States (collectively, "ACE") and the Pennsylvania Insurance Department ("the Department") and the Pennsylvania Office of Attorney General ("OAG") entered into a settlement agreement. This settlement agreement resolves all issues between ACE and the Department and the OAG arising from ACE's underwriting practices and contingent commissions. As a result of this settlement agreement, ACE has agreed to make a $9 million payment to the Department and to comply with the business practice guidelines that ACE established in 2004 to assure ongoing antitrust compliance in its domestic operations.
The foregoing summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Settlement Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. In addition, ACE issued a press release dated May 14, 2007, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.2.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
DATE: May 14, 2007
 

Exhibit 10.1
This Settlement Agreement is entered into by and between ACE Group Holdings, Inc. and its U.S.-domiciled subsidiaries, insofar as those subsidiaries issue policies of insurance to residents of the United States, including but not limited to, ACE INA Holdings Inc. (collectively, "ACE" or "the ACE Insurers") and the Pennsylvania Insurance Department ("the Department") and the Pennsylvania Office of Attorney General ("OAG").
WHEREAS, the Department and the OAG have conducted investigations (the "Investigations") into certain acts, practices and courses of conduct which includes review of: (i) the practices by which ACE provides quotations to insureds and prospective insureds through brokers
1
in connection with the placement and renewal of insurance contracts, and (ii) contracts, agreements, arrangements and understandings respecting the payment of commissions that are contingent upon, among other things, the broker placing a particular number of policies or dollar value of premium with ACE; and
WHEREAS, the Department and the OAG have alleged that ACE, along with other unrelated insurance companies, was a participant in a scheme with various insurance brokers to falsify quotes in order to facilitate the brokers' steering of business to preferred insurers, in exchange for which the brokers similarly steered certain business to ACE, and that such conduct created a false appearance of market competition to the detriment of consumers and violated the laws of Pennsylvania; and
 
WHEREAS, ACE does not admit the above allegations; and
WHEREAS, the Department and the OAG have found that:
ACE has cooperated, and continues to cooperate with the Department and the OAG in connection with the issues arising with respect to the conduct that is the subject of the Investigations;
ACE has reviewed its practices relevant to the conduct and issues that are the subject of the Investigations and has adopted and will continue to monitor compliance efforts relevant to such conduct and issues;
ACE has acknowledged that certain of its employees violated both acceptable business practices and ACE's own standards of conduct by engaging in improper bidding practices, has apologized for this conduct, and is satisfied that this behavior will not be repeated;
ACE has pledged to support legislation in the United States to promote transparency and reduce the potential for conflicts of interest;
ACE has paid $40 million into a fund to be paid to ACE's policyholders who purchased or renewed excess casualty policies with the broker Marsh during the period from January 1, 2002 through September 30, 2004;
WHEREAS, the various investigations, including the Department's and the OAG's, led ACE to agree to establish the $40 million compensatory fund for policyholders on a nationwide basis;
 
WHEREAS, during the period of 2006 through and including 2008, ACE's offices situated and issuing policies in the United States have ceased all payments of Contingent Commissions to any non-exclusive agent or broker relating to the placement of any excess casualty insurance policy;
WHEREAS, ACE has established a practice of including with the delivery of all insurance policies a written notification directing insureds to information regarding the payment of compensation to insurance brokers and non-exclusive agents;
WHEREAS, ACE, the Department and the OAG wish to resolve any and all issues, allegations and/or claims based upon the acts, practices or courses of conduct that are the subject of the Investigations; and
WHEREAS, the Department and the OAG find that:
This Settlement Agreement adequately addresses the principal collective concerns of the Department and the OAG and thus is in the public interest;
This Settlement Agreement is entered into solely for the purpose of resolving any and all issues, allegations and/or claims that arise as to ACE based upon the acts, practices or courses of conduct that are the subject of the Investigations, and is not intended to be used for any other purpose;
There is no intent on the part of the Department or the OAG in entering into this Settlement Agreement that any of its terms place ACE at a competitive disadvantage;
ACE enters into this Settlement Agreement without admitting any issue, allegation and/or claim that has arisen or might arise as to ACE based upon the acts, practices or courses of conduct that are the subject of the Investigations; and
 
WHEREAS, this Settlement Agreement shall become effective on the date that it is signed by ACE, the Department and the OAG.
NOW THEREFORE, ACE, the Department and the OAG hereby enter into this Settlement Agreement and agree as follows:
 
By virtue of their execution of this Settlement Agreement, the Department, the OAG and ACE acknowledge and agree that they understand the terms and conditions of this Settlement Agreement.
 
ACE agrees to do the following:
1. Within sixty (60) days following the execution date of this Settlement Agreement, ACE shall pay or cause to be paid by wire transfer, certified check or other guaranteed funds into an account(s) as directed by the Department the amount of $9 million ($9,000,000) (the "State Payment"), comprising (i) a $6 million penalty; and (ii) $3 million in reimbursement of the Department's and the OAG's attorneys' fees and costs relating to the Investigations and negotiation of this Settlement Agreement and in compensation to state and municipal entity holders of property & casualty insurance policies in settlement of claims relating to the alleged conduct that is the subject of the Investigations. The Department and the OAG will agree among themselves on the allocation of the $3 million payment to them.
 
 
For purposes of this Agreement the following definitions shall apply:
a. means anything of material value received by a Broker or Non-Exclusive Agent directly from ACE including, but not limited to, base compensation, contingent compensation, monetary payments, brokerage fees, service fees, incentives, rebates, money, credit, loans, forgiveness of debt, forgiveness of principal or interest, vacation, prizes, gifts or the payment of employee salaries or expenses; that Compensation shall not mean any customary, non-excessive meals and entertainment expenses.
"Compensation"
provided however
b. means a producer representing policyholders.
"Broker"
c. means a producer that represents ACE and one or more other insurers and, with respect to a particular product or product line, offers insurance products for ACE and other insurers on a competitive basis to policyholders. An Exclusive Agent represents ACE with respect to a particular product or product line and does not offer insurance products of that type for other insurers on a competitive basis to policyholders. A particular agent may be an Exclusive Agent for certain products or product lines and a Non-Exclusive Agent for other products or product lines.
"Non-Exclusive Agent"
d. means the following, updated annually:
"Website Disclosure"
(1) A statement of ACE's policies concerning the payment of Compensation to Brokers and Non-Exclusive Agents; and
(2) The range of standard and contingent commission paid by ACE to Brokers and Non-Exclusive Agents for each line of business.
 
Within sixty (60) days following the execution date of this Settlement Agreement, ACE shall:
a. Disclose to any present or prospective policyholder whose policy is issued by ACE offices situated and issuing policies in the United States at its request, upon issuing a quote or thereafter, the Compensation (if any) payable by ACE to a Broker or Non-Exclusive Agent in connection with the issuance or placement of ACE's policy;
b. Establish a toll-free telephone number whereby policyholders and prospective policyholders can request disclosure of such Compensation information and designate an individual or individuals to coordinate responses to such requests; and
c. Post such toll-free telephone number, as well as a link to a website providing Website Disclosure on ACE's corporate website, alongside current insurance product-related content.
 
a. . The parties recognize that ACE and its ultimate parent company, ACE Limited ("ACE Limited") have implemented a comprehensive compliance program under the supervision of the Global Compliance Officer of the worldwide ACE group, the material features of which as concern ACE's U.S. operations are set forth in Appendix A.
ACE Compliance Program
b. . ACE agrees that it shall not eliminate material aspects of the compliance program described in Appendix A for a period of 3 years from the date the Settlement Agreement is entered ("the Term") except upon 60 days' notice and approval if deemed necessary by the Department.
Modifications of Compliance Program
 
a. . ACE's compliance program includes dissemination of, instruction in, and review and appropriate modification of Business Practice Guidelines substantially in the form of the document annexed as Appendix B to this Agreement, which provides detailed guidelines relating to underwriting practices and relationships with Brokers and other intermediaries.
Business Practice Guidelines
b. . ACE agrees that it will not materially change these guidelines, insofar as they apply to any ACE entity domiciled in the United States, for a period of three years, except on 60 days' notice to the Department.
Modifications of Business Practice Guidelines
c. . From time to time, ACE issues interpretive guidance pertaining to the Business Practice Guidelines. ACE agrees to make such guidance available to the Department prior to issuance.
Interpretive Guidance
 
a. ACE shall not, directly or indirectly, knowingly provide or offer any Broker or non-exclusive Agent placing, renewing, consulting on or servicing any Commercial Insurance Policy a false, fictitious, inflated, artificial, "B," alternative, back-up or throw away bid, quote or indication, or any other illegal quote or indication that is not based upon bona fide business, actuarial or underwriting considerations when the quote or indication is given.
b. ACE shall not enter into, engage in, or solicit or otherwise seek to enter any agreement, not permitted by applicable law, with any Broker or non-exclusive Agent, or
 
with any insurance company, reinsurance company, insurance exchange, or any person employed by, or an agent of, any such entity to allocate customers or markets, to rig bids or quotes, or to submit bids or quotes that would violate the preceding paragraph.
c. ACE shall not directly or indirectly pay or accept a request to pay any Compensation to a Broker as a quid pro quo not permitted by applicable law for the Broker's inclusion of ACE on a list of insurance companies from which the Broker will solicit bids or quotes for clients, nor enter into any other type of illegal "pay-to-play" arrangement.
d. ACE shall not engage in any agreement not permitted by applicable law to fix or stabilize prices, rig bids or allocate customers.
 
a. . The terms of this Settlement Agreement are binding on ACE and its successors and assigns, including, but not limited to, any person or entity to whom ACE may be sold, leased or otherwise transferred, during the Term.
Successors and Assigns
b. . ACE shall continue to fully and promptly cooperate with the Department and the OAG with regard to the Investigations or related proceedings or actions regarding any person, corporation or entity, including but not limited to, former employees of ACE; provided that each person who receives documents or information pursuant to this paragraph shall, consistent with state law, (i) keep the documents or information confidential and (ii), if not prohibited by applicable state law, return any documents or information received from ACE no later than ten (10) days following the date on which any regulatory or enforcement investigation or related proceeding or action is concluded. Cooperation shall include, without limitation:
Cooperation with Investigations
(1) the voluntary production (without service of subpoena) of (i) any and all non-privileged information and documents or other tangible evidence reasonably available and requested by the Department and the OAG in connection with the Investigations and (ii) any compilation or summaries of non-privileged information or data that the Department reasonably requests be prepared in connection with the Investigations;
 
(2) the use of reasonable best efforts on the part of ACE to ensure that officers, directors, and employees of ACE fully and promptly cooperate with the Department and the OAG in connection with the Investigations, including attendance (without service of a subpoena) at any proceeding as requested by the Department and the OAG; and
(3) with respect to any document withheld or redacted on the grounds of privilege, work product or other legal doctrine, submission of a written log by ACE indicating: (i) the type of document; (ii) the date of the document; (iii) the author and each recipient of the document; (iv) the general subject matter of the document; (v) the reason for withholding the document; and (vi) the Bates number or range of the withheld document.
c. . The actual or potential applicability of the McCarran-Ferguson Act to the conduct covered by the documents or witnesses requested pursuant to paragraphs II(C)(6)(b)(1) and II(C)(6)(b)(2) shall not be a basis for withholding information in response to a request made pursuant to these paragraphs.
McCarran-Ferguson
d. . To determine or secure the cooperation contemplated by this Settlement Agreement with respect to the Investigations, and without limiting otherwise applicable law, the Department and the OAG shall be permitted, upon reasonable notice and during normal business hours:
Determination of Cooperation
(1) Access to all non-privileged books, ledgers, accounts, correspondence, memoranda, other records, and documents in the possession or under the control of ACE relating to any matters contained in this Settlement Agreement; and,
 
(2) To interview officers, managers or employees of ACE regarding any matters contained in this Settlement Agreement, except for matters subject to a claim of privilege.
 
Nothing in this Settlement Agreement shall be admissible or serve as the basis of any disqualification for any license, privilege, grant or authority or eligibility to hold any position in any State Proceeding as to any ACE Releasee (as that term is defined in Paragraph II(E)(1) below) in connection with any State Proceeding. For purposes of this paragraph, the term State Proceeding shall mean any proceeding (whether formal or informal, administrative or judicial) brought by or on behalf of or before any state entity, including without limitation, a proceeding in which any license or permit issued to an ACE Releasee or the ability of an ACE Releasee to do business is either challenged or being considered for any reason by such state entity; provided however, that nothing in this paragraph shall prohibit a party to this Agreement from enforcing any provision of this Settlement Agreement.
 
1. Upon execution of this Settlement Agreement, the Department and the OAG shall terminate each and every existing investigation, inquiry, claim and/or proceeding (whether formal or informal) as to any ACE Insurer, as to any of an ACE Insurer's respective parents, predecessors, successors, affiliates (as defined in 17 C.F.R. Part 210.1-02.b), divisions, business
 
units and subsidiaries (including without limitation ACE affiliates domiciled and regulated outside the U.S. (the "Foreign ACE Affiliates")), and as to any current or former director, officer or employee (except that such Release shall not extend to the conduct of any former ACE employee while subsequently employed by Marsh-McLennan, AIG, Chubb, Liberty, St. Paul, Travelers, or their divisions, business units and subsidiaries) of any of the foregoing (collectively, the "ACE Releasees") directly relating to the acts, practices or courses of conduct that are the subject of the Investigations; provided however, that ACE Releasees shall not include any entity that may, following the execution of this Settlement Agreement, become a successor, parent or acquirer of the ACE Insurers or any of them, but such entity shall not be a ACE Releasee only (i) to the extent it is not an ACE Releasee under this Settlement Agreement as of the date hereof; (ii) with respect to such entity's participation, prior to becoming a successor parent or acquirer of the ACE Insurers or any of them, in acts, practices or courses of conduct that are the subject of the Investigations.
and
2. The Department and the OAG shall not, either individually or in concert, initiate any new, or reinstate any terminated, investigation, inquiry, claim and/or proceeding (whether formal or informal) as to any ACE Releasee where the investigation, inquiry, claim and/or proceeding is based upon the acts, practices or courses of conduct that are the subject of the Investigations.
3. Nothing in Paragraphs II(E)(1) and II(E)(2) above shall be deemed to release any individual or entity (including any Broker, insurer, or individual or entity specifically excluded from the term "ACE Releasee" in the proviso to Paragraph II(E)(1)) other than those individuals and entities that are within the definition of ACE Releasees.
 
4. Nothing in Paragraphs II(E)(1) and II(E)(2) shall be deemed to preclude the Department or the OAG's review of acts, practices or courses of conduct that occur after the execution date of this Settlement Agreement.
1. The fact that the ACE Insurers have entered into this Settlement Agreement is not intended to disqualify any ACE Releasee from engaging in any business in any state, nor shall the fact that Foreign ACE Affiliates qualify as ACE Releasees suggest that such entities engage in business, or are subject to regulation or personal jurisdiction in, any state. Nothing in this Settlement Agreement shall relieve any of the ACE Releasees from obligations imposed by any applicable state insurance law or regulation, or other applicable law.
2. This Agreement is not intended to and shall not confer any rights upon any persons or entities besides the Department, the OAG and the ACE Insurers.
3. The ACE Insurers shall maintain custody of, or make arrangements to have maintained, all documents and records that relate to the acts, practices or courses of conduct that are the subject of the Investigations for a period of not less than six (6) years.
4. If compliance with any aspect of this Settlement Agreement proves impracticable, the ACE Insurers reserve the right to request from the Department and the OAG a modification to this Settlement Agreement accordingly.
5. Whenever this Settlement Agreement requires that notice be provided, such notice shall be provided by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid or by hand delivery to:
Gregory A. Stern
Chief Compliance Officer
ACE USA
1601 Chestnut Street
Philadelphia, PA 19101-1484
 
6. This Settlement Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted according to the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
7. This Settlement Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall constitute a duplicate original. Execution by facsimile or by an electronically transmitted signature shall be fully and legally binding on the Department, the OAG and the ACE Insurers.
Executed this 9th day of May, 2007.
 
 
. ACE Group Holdings, Inc. and its U.S.-domiciled subsidiaries (individually and collectively, "ACE") and its ultimate parent company, ACE Limited ("ACE Limited") have implemented a comprehensive compliance program under the supervision of the Global Compliance Officer of the worldwide ACE group. As part of this worldwide compliance program, ACE has developed and implemented compliance procedures for its U.S. operations, as more fully described below, and has appointed a Chief Compliance Officer responsible for ACE's compliance function in the United States.
U.S. Compliance Function
. ACE has provided staffing and funds sufficient to develop and implement appropriate compliance measures throughout the United States.
Staffing and Funding
ACE's compliance program in the United States includes policies and procedures covering the following subjects:
Policies and Procedures.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
. ACE's compliance program includes providing instruction or educational resources for appropriate U.S. personnel on relevant statutes, regulations and professional obligations, including:
Training
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Group Business Practice Guidelines [Effective November 20, 2006]
Revising guidelines issued November 2, 2004, and Reissued April 1, 2005
To the ACE Underwriting Organization:
ACE is committed to professionalism and the highest legal and ethical standards. This memorandum is intended to provide certain underwriting guidance which supplements existing procedures concerning underwriting and authority to provide quotes and bind business.
Guideline 1
It is imperative that every ACE employee understand that the Company will not tolerate any behavior involving price fixing, bid-rigging, agreeing with competitors or Brokers to allocate customers between ACE and its competitors, kick-backs or any other Anticompetitive Practices. Such practices are improper and completely unacceptable within the ACE organization. (Certain of these terms are defined in the accompanying Commentary to this Guideline.)
Guideline 2
ACE will submit only technically sound "quotations" (or "quotes") that are intended as a genuine attempt to bind the business. A "quotation" is a proposal to provide defined coverage at a specified price. ACE expects that appropriate due diligence and good faith shall be applied to every quotation, regardless of the prospects for success of that quotation, with the file demonstrating the underwriting basis for the quote. No quotation will be submitted that does not reflect ACE's good faith attempt, after appropriate due diligence, to bind the business. Quotations must be issued in accordance with ACE policy and on appropriate ACE forms (where such forms exist). A quotation may be "conditioned" on receipt or review of a submission or other relevant underwriting information. "Conditional Quotes" must have a specified duration during which an underwriter must either issue a bindable quote or officially decline the risk in writing. Conditional quotes must be set forth in writing clearly stating the conditions that need to be met in order for a quote to be bound. Pending the fulfillment of such conditions, the price could go up or down, and this must be noted in writing in the conditional quotation. ACE personnel must use their best efforts to assure that all communications pertaining to the placement of coverage are unambiguous, and that discussions with Brokers pertaining to market conditions and/or pricing (see paragraph 5 below), whether referred to as a potential pricing range, an indication, or any other term, are not misconstrued to be quotations.
 
Guideline 3
It is appropriate to submit a quote that is understood to be the start of a negotiation process between a Broker and insurer. The following areas may be considered by the underwriter as the negotiation to bind the risk continues: ACE rating plans and underwriting guidelines, underwriter judgment and market conditions. Upward revisions in a quotation may only be based on a change in the underwriter's knowledge or assessment of exposures, market conditions or a change in terms and conditions. Revised quotations, downward or upward, must always be properly documented in the underwriting file. Throughout the process, quotes must always be part of a good faith effort to bind the business, especially where terms and conditions of quotations vary from each other.
Guideline 4
ACE personnel must not increase a quotation solely based on a Broker's request. ACE may only increase a quotation based on a change in our underwriter's knowledge or assessment of exposures, market conditions, or a change in terms and conditions. The basis for requoting business must be properly documented in the file.
Guideline 5
Subject to Paragraph 2, ACE personnel may have conversations with clients or Brokers about general market conditions, as well as ACE's possible interest in pursuing particular business and potential pricing ranges pertaining to such business. ACE personnel are not permitted to engage in conversations with competitors that focus on any current or potential client or specific business.
Guideline 6
ACE will not pay Contingent Commissions to any Broker relating to the placement of excess casualty insurance policies. ACE may pay Contingent Commissions to Brokers relating to placement of other lines of business only with the approval of the General Counsel or Chief Executive Officer of ACE.
ACE may pay Contingent Commissions to Agents in connection with non-US Business. In connection with US Business, ACE may pay Contingent Commission to (i) Non-Exclusive Agents only subject to the approval of Regulatory Compliance; and (ii) Exclusive Agents who are selling products clearly and conspicuously identified in marketing materials as ACE's products.
Guideline 7
In all areas where ACE conducts insurance business through a Broker, we must try to ensure that the customer has access to information regarding pricing, terms and conditions, including the Broker's commission, whether such disclosure is done by ACE or the customer's Broker. For all
 
US Business, ACE will provide a notice accompanying each insured's policy sold by a Broker or Non-Exclusive Agent, stating that the insured can review and obtain information relating to ACE's practices and policies regarding commissions on its website and by calling a toll-free telephone number. ACE encourages Brokers and Non-Exclusive Agents that place US Business with ACE to disclose to ACE policyholders on request the commissions paid or likely to be paid by ACE to the Broker in connection with any ACE US Business issued through or placed by that Broker. ACE will also disclose to any present or prospective ACE US Business policyholder at its request, upon issuing a quote or thereafter, the commission (if any) payable by ACE to a Broker or a Non-Exclusive Agent in connection with the issuance or placement of the policyholder's ACE policy. These disclosure policies do not apply to business conducted under the jurisdiction of the Financial Services Authority, which has placed primary responsibility for commission disclosure on Brokers rather than insurers.
Guideline 8
ACE will honor Broker of Record letters ("BORS") and, when received with respect to a particular client, ACE will provide quotations only through such Broker(s) as have produced a BOR.
Guideline 9
Where there is no Broker of Record letter, ACE will not engage in the practice known as "Blocking the Market," i.e., ACE will not agree to refrain from submitting a quote on any account to any Broker who seeks such a quote. ACE will be the sole judge of whether to submit a quotation based on its underwriting criteria and practices.
Guideline 10
ACE will only participate in a Broker's bidding process or client presentations in connection with a legitimate attempt to bind the business and to quote it based on ACE's own underwriting and pricing guidelines. In particular, ACE personnel will only attend client presentations where there is a real opportunity for gaining the business at present or in the future.
Guideline 11
ACE personnel may ask for or receive from the Broker the expiring program pricing on a new piece of business. It is not appropriate to obtain expiring pricing information (or any other pricing information) from the incumbent insurance carrier or other competitors.
Guideline 12
A Broker may provide competitor pricing or quotations where that information is being offered by the Broker to obtain the best deal for its client. If an underwriter believes that a Broker is offering competitor pricing information for a reason other than to obtain the best deal for its client, ACE personnel will decline to receive the information. If the information is nevertheless provided by the Broker, the ACE underwriter will disregard the information and report the situation to management and the legal personnel designated at the end of this policy statement.
 
Guideline 13
In the event that ACE receives a proposed placement chart from a Broker, ACE may not agree in advance to refrain from submitting quotations for layers in which it is not included in the proposed chart. To the extent that these charts contain "target premiums," ACE will not agree to submit quotations at the target number and will not submit at the target number unless ACE's due diligence supports the pricing at that number. Underwriters will use their best efforts to confirm that the target pricing reflects the views of the client.
Guideline 14
ACE may only place reinsurance coverage through a Broker if ACE believes that using that Broker will best satisfy ACE's needs for reinsurance. ACE may not place reinsurance with a Broker as an incentive to secure direct business.
We will supplement this memorandum as additional specific questions or concerns are raised and as required based on evolving legal and regulatory requirements and internal and external developments. If anyone in the ACE organization has a question about the propriety of an underwriting practice or how an ACE business unit is interacting with a Broker or customer, they are urged to raise those questions with Global Compliance. If you would like to report questions or concerns anonymously please utilize the ACE Ethics Helpline.
 

Exhibit 10.2
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 
 
HAMILTON, Bermuda  May 14, 2007  ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) announced today that it has settled all issues arising from its underwriting practices and contingent commissions with the Attorney General and the Insurance Department of the State of Pennsylvania. ACE has agreed to make a $9 million payment and to comply with the business practice guidelines that the Company established in 2004 to assure ongoing antitrust compliance in its domestic operations. Pennsylvania is the domicile and home state regulator of most of ACE's U.S. operations.
"This settlement is an important step toward closure of the insurance industry investigations that began in 2004," said Robert F. Cusumano, ACE Limited General Counsel. "We are pleased to be able to resolve these issues with our primary insurance regulator after an investigation that extended over several years and included thousands of documents and dozens of interviews. The settlement also reinforces our belief that the reforms and guidelines that the Company put in place two years ago continue to be state-of-the-art safeguards that the regulatory community will embrace."
The settlement will be paid from reserves set aside in prior quarters and will have no effect on ACE's financial results for 2007.
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, a component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, the ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acelimited.com
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
:
Any forward-looking statements made in this press release reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments and actual settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, actual market developments, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
Page 2/2


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20070627144517.txt.gz
TIME:20070627144517
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
On June 22, 2007, ACE Limited and certain subsidiaries as Account Parties entered into amendments to the syndicated secured letter of credit facility dated July 1, 2005, the syndicated unsecured letter of credit facility dated July 1, 2005, the syndicated revolving credit facility dated December 15, 2005, the syndicated ACE Australian Holdings Pty Limited term loan dated December 13, 2005 and the syndicated ACE European Holdings No. 2 Limited term loan dated December 13, 2005, with the banks named therein, including various issuing banks, and various lead arrangers.
The amendments removed in its entirety the Restricted Payments' clause, which had restricted payments such as dividends and redemptions of equity interests in certain circumstances, from each of the above referenced credit agreements. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: June 27, 2007


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20070724170951.txt.gz
TIME:20070724170951
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02.    Results of Operations and Financial Condition
 
On July 24, 2007, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its second quarter 2007 results and the availability of its second quarter financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
Item 9.01.    Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: July 24, 2007
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 
 
 ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported net income for the second quarter ended June 30, 2007 of $1.93 per ordinary share after payment of preferred dividends, compared with net income of $1.72 per share for the same quarter last year. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) was $1.98 per share, compared with $1.74 per share for the same quarter of last year.
HAMILTON, Bermuda, July 24, 2007
(
1
)
 An $88 million pre-tax catastrophe charge including reinstatement premiums was incurred during the quarter related to the floods in the U.K., the U.S. and Australia. An unrealized after-tax loss of $382 million was incurred from the mark-to-market effect of rising interest rates. Book value increased $225 million in the quarter. Investment portfolio exposure to sub-prime mortgages is negligible; there has been no adverse impact nor is any foreseen.
 
 
 
Net income for the first six months of 2007 was $4.02 per share, compared with $3.18 per share for the first six months of 2006. For the first six months of 2007, income excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect was $3.95 per share, compared with $3.17 per share for the same period of 2006.
(1)
 Book value increased $906 million or 6% for the first six months.
 
Page 1/6
 
 
Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "We had an excellent quarter and all areas of the Company performed well. Book value increased $225 million in the quarter and has grown 6% year-to-date. We are confident in our ability to grow book value at a reasonable rate into the foreseeable future, softening market conditions notwithstanding. ACE's global presence continues to provide us with opportunities for profitable growth around the world."
 
Other second quarter operating highlights were as follows:
 
 
Details of our second quarter 2007 financial results for our business segments are available in the financial supplement. Key segment items include:
 
 
 
 
Page 2/6
 
 
The following is updated guidance for the full year 2007:
 
 
 
 
Please refer to the ACE Limited Financial Supplement dated June 30, 2007, which is posted on the Company's website in the Investor Information section, and access Financial Reports for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, investment portfolio and capital structure. The URL reference is:
. (Due to the length of this URL, it may be necessary to copy and paste this hyperlink into your Internet browser's URL address field.)
http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/nys/ace/reports/fin_supp_june_30_2007.xls
 
ACE will host its second quarter earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday, July 25, 2007, beginning at 8:30 a.m. ET. The earnings conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 800-819-9193 (within the United States) or 913-981-4911 (international); passcode 4684107. Please refer to the ACE Limited website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available from approximately 11:30 a.m. ET on Wednesday, July 25, 2007 until Friday, August 24, 2007. To listen to the replay, dial: 888-203-1112 (in the United States) or 719-457-0820 (international); passcode 4684107.
www.acelimited.com
 
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, a component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, the ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acelimited.com
 
 
1
Non-GAAP Financial Measures:
is a common performance measurement for insurance companies. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. We exclude the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle net of tax because this amount resulted in a one-time adjustment to income.
Operating Income or Income excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect, net of tax
is calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, life and annuity benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting income and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including net investment income, other (income) expense, interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses). We believe the use of these measures enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
Underwriting income
is shareholders' equity less goodwill. See reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on page 21 in the financial supplement.
Tangible shareholders' equity
These measures should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
2
The cumulative effect is a benefit resulting from the inclusion of a forfeiture rate on restricted stock in our stock compensation expense calculations, as required under Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) 123R.
3
Calculated using income excluding net realized gains (losses).
4
Book value per ordinary share is ordinary shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding. Tangible book value per ordinary share is ordinary shareholders' equity less goodwill divided by the shares outstanding.
 
Page 3/6
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:
 
Any forward-looking statements made in this press release reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments and actual settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, actual market developments, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
Page 4/6
 
 
    Ratios exclude life insurance and reinsurance business
 
Page 5/6
 
 
 
 
Page 6/6

Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
Life Insurance and Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
 
Reinsurance Recoverable for Active Operations
 
 
At March 31, 2007, $7.5 billion of the active operations' recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 96.3% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies. The Company held collateral of $3.1 billion, of which $2.0 billion was matched and usable against existing recoverables.
 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Reinsurance Recoverable
 
 
At March 31, 2007, $11.3 billion of ACE Limited recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 95.2% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies.
 
 
 
 
 
Detail on Reinsurance Recoverable on Paid Losses and Loss Expenses
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
 
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations. However, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of book value per share is provided on page 22.
 
In presenting our segment operating results, we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, life and annuity benefits, policy acquisition costs, and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense, and net realized gains (losses).
 
The following non-GAAP measure is a common performance measurement and is defined as income excluding net realized gains (losses), the tax expense (benefit) on net realized gains (losses), and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, net of tax. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. We exclude the benefit of the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, net of tax, because this benefit resulted in a one time adjustment to income. We believe these amounts are largely independent of our business and including them would distort the analysis of trends. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Ordinary Share
 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 
 
 
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect less perpetual preferred securities divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity for the period. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per ordinary share:
 
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio excluding life business. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
 
The benefit resulting from the accrual of a forfeiture rate on the restricted stock under Financial Accounting Standard 123R "Share-Based Payment".
Cumulative effect:
 
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect.
Effective tax rate:
 
Unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity.
FAS 115:
 
Net premium earned and net investment income less future policy benefits, acquisition costs and administrative expenses.
Life underwriting income:
 
Not meaningful.
NM:
 
Shareholders' equity less perpetual preferred shares.
Ordinary shareholders' equity:
 
Property and casualty.
P&C:
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity less goodwill divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per ordinary share:
 
Shareholders' equity less goodwill.
Tangible equity:
 
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, perpetual preferred shares and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20070815133213.txt.gz
TIME:20070815133213
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 5.02    Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers.
 
(d) The Company appointed Leo Mullin as a director of the Company, effective August 14, 2007, to hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders of the Company. There are no arrangements or understandings between Mr. Mullin and any other person pursuant to which he has been selected as a director.
 
Mr. Mullin has been appointed to the Audit Committee and Finance & Investment Committee of the Board of Directors.
 
The Company is entering into an indemnification agreement with Mr. Mullin in the form it has used for other directors and executive officers.
 
A copy of the press release announcing Mr. Mullin's appointment is attached as Exhibit 99.1.
 
Item 9.01    Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: August 15, 2007
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 
 
 August 14, 2007  ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) announced today that Leo F. Mullin has been elected to its Board of Directors, effective immediately.
HAMILTON, Bermuda
 
Between 1997 and 2004 Mr. Mullin was associated with Delta Air Lines where he was separately and concurrently Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. From 1995 to 1997 Mr. Mullin held the position of Vice Chairman of Unicom Corporation. Previously, Mr. Mullin served as President and Chief Operating Officer of First National Bank of Chicago and he has held senior positions with Consolidated Rail Corp. and McKinsey & Company. Since 2004, Mr. Mullin has served on a part time basis as a senior advisor to Goldman Sachs Capital Partners.
 
Mr. Mullin also currently serves as a director of Johnson & Johnson.
 
Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, stated: "We are honored to welcome Leo Mullin to the Board of Directors of ACE. Leo has a broad and impressive record of accomplishment in the banking, transportation and energy industries. I'm confident given his deep knowledge and experience that Leo will make a significant contribution toward the governance of ACE."
 
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, a component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, the ACE Group of Companies conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acelimited.com
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20071023174835.txt.gz
TIME:20071023174835
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02.    Results of Operations and Financial Condition
 
On October 23, 2007, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its third quarter 2007 results and the availability of its third quarter financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
Item 9.01.    Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: October 23, 2007
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 
 
 ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported net income for the third quarter ended September 30, 2007, of $1.95 per ordinary share after payment of preferred dividends, compared with net income of $1.73 per share for the same quarter last year. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) was $2.06 per share, compared with $1.96 per share for the same quarter of last year.
HAMILTON, Bermuda, October 23, 2007
(1)
 Book value increased $851 million in the quarter.
 
 
 
Net income for the first nine months of 2007 increased 22 percent to $5.98 per share, compared with $4.92 per share for the first nine months of 2006. For the first nine months of 2007, income excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect increased 18 percent to $6.02 per share, compared with $5.13 per share for the same period of 2006.
(1) 
Book value increased $1.7 billion or 12% for the first nine months of 2007.
 
 
 
Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "We had another excellent quarter, marked by strong earnings and book value growth. It was a particularly strong quarter given the record-breaking results of the third quarter last year. Year-to-date, operating and net income were up more than 18 percent and 22 percent, respectively, and book value has increased 12 percent or nearly $2 billion. ACE's global reach, product breadth and underwriting insight are competitive advantages that enable us to take advantage of profitable opportunities around the world while we shrink those areas where prices and terms do not meet our standards."
 
Other third quarter operating highlights were as follows:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Details of our third quarter 2007 financial results for our business segments are available in the financial supplement. Key segment items include:
 
 
 
 
 
Please refer to the ACE Limited Financial Supplement dated September 30, 2007, which is posted on the Company's website in the Investor Information section, and access Financial Reports for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, investment portfolio and capital structure. The URL reference is: . (Due to the length of this URL, it may be necessary to copy and paste this hyperlink into your Internet browser's URL address field.)
http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/nys/ace/reports/fin_supp_september_30_2007.xls
 
ACE will host its third quarter earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday, October 24, 2007, beginning at 8:30 a.m. ET. The earnings conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 888-230-5503 (within the United States) or 913-312-0841 (international); passcode 8840600. Please refer to the ACE Limited website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available for approximately one month. To listen to the replay, dial: 888-203-1112 (in the United States) or 719-457-0820 (international); passcode 8840600.
www.acelimited.com
 
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, a component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, the ACE Group of Companies conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acelimited.com
is a common performance measurement for insurance companies. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in Other (income) expense related to partially-owned insurance companies because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. We exclude the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle net of tax because this amount resulted in a one-time adjustment to income.
Operating Income or Income excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect, net of tax
is calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, life and annuity benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting income and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including net investment income, other (income) expense, interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses). We believe the use of these measures enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
Underwriting income
is shareholders' equity less goodwill. See reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures beginning on page 21 in the financial supplement.
Tangible shareholders' equity
These measures should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
:
 
Forward-looking statements made in this press release reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments and actual settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, actual market developments, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
Ratios exclude life insurance and reinsurance business
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
Life Insurance and Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
 
Reinsurance Recoverable for Active Operations
 
 
At June 30, 2007, $7.4 billion of the active operations' recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 95.1% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies. The Company held collateral of $3.2 billion, of which $2 billion was matched and usable against existing recoverables.
 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Reinsurance Recoverable
 
 
At June 30, 2007, $11.2 billion of ACE Limited recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 94.6% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies.
 
 
 
 
 
Detail on Reinsurance Recoverable on Paid Losses and Loss Expenses
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
 
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations. However, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of book value per share is provided on page 22.
 
In presenting our segment operating results, we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, life and annuity benefits, policy acquisition costs, and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense, and net realized gains (losses).
 
The following non-GAAP measure is a common performance measurement and is defined as income excluding net realized gains (losses), the tax expense (benefit) on net realized gains (losses), and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, net of tax. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in other (income) expense related to partially owned insurance companies because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. We exclude the benefit of the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, net of tax, because this benefit resulted in a one time adjustment to income. We believe these amounts are largely independent of our business and including them would distort the analysis of trends. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Ordinary Share
 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 
 
 
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect less perpetual preferred securities divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity for the period. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per ordinary share:
 
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio excluding life business. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
 
The benefit resulting from the accrual of a forfeiture rate on the restricted stock under Financial Accounting Standard 123R "Share-Based Payment".
Cumulative effect:
 
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect.
Effective tax rate:
 
Unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity.
FAS 115:
 
Net premium earned and net investment income less future policy benefits, acquisition costs and administrative expenses.
Life underwriting income:
 
Not meaningful.
NM:
 
Shareholders' equity less perpetual preferred shares.
Ordinary shareholders' equity:
 
Property and casualty.
P&C:
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity less goodwill divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per ordinary share:
 
Shareholders' equity less goodwill.
Tangible equity:
 
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, perpetual preferred shares and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 
Year to date.
YTD:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20071114111919.txt.gz
TIME:20071114111919
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
On November 8, 2007, (i) ACE Limited, ACE Bermuda Insurance Ltd., ACE Tempest Life Reinsurance Ltd. and ACE Tempest Reinsurance Ltd. as Borrowers, entered into a syndicated letter of credit reimbursement agreement (the "replacement LC Agreement"), with the banks named therein, including Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC and Banc of America Securities LLC as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners and (ii) ACE Limited, ACE Bermuda Insurance Ltd., ACE Tempest Reinsurance Ltd. and ACE INA Holdings Inc. as Borrowers, entered into a $500,000,000 syndicated credit agreement (the "replacement Credit Agreement"), with the banks named therein, including J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. and Barclays Capital as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners.
The replacement LC Agreement permits the issuance of up to $1,000,000,000 of letters of credit on an unsecured basis. The replacement LC Agreement supersedes (i) the $1,000,000,000 unsecured syndicated letter of credit reimbursement agreement and (ii) the secured $500,000,000 syndicated letter of credit reimbursement agreement, both dated July 1, 2005, among ACE Limited, ACE Bermuda Insurance Ltd., ACE Tempest Life Reinsurance Ltd. and ACE Tempest Reinsurance Ltd. as Borrowers, the banks and other lenders named therein including Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC and Banc of America Securities LLC as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners.
The replacement Credit Agreement is unsecured and can be used for general corporate purposes and LOC issuance. The replacement Credit Agreement supersedes (i) the $600,000,000 credit agreement dated December 15, 2005 among ACE Limited, ACE Bermuda Insurance Ltd., ACE Tempest Reinsurance Ltd. and ACE INA Holdings Inc. as Borrowers, the banks and other lenders named therein including J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. and Barclays Capital as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners and (ii) the $50,000,000 credit agreement dated as of March 31, 2006, which had been renewed through March 2008, among ACE Limited as Borrower and ACE Bermuda Insurance Ltd. and ACE Tempest Reinsurance Ltd. as Guarantors and ING Bank N.V. as lender.
Under the replacement LC Agreement and replacement Credit Agreement (collectively "the Replacement Agreements"), the respective Borrowers pay a utilization fee of 0.24 percent per annum (depending on ratings and usage) plus a commitment fee of 0.06 percent per annum payable on any unutilized portion of the facility. In addition to the foregoing fees, the respective Borrowers pay customary arrangement and administration fees as well as customary administrative charges to the issuer of any letter of credit issued under the Replacement Agreements.
The terms, conditions and covenants of the Replacement Agreements are substantially similar to covenants in other ACE group credit facilities. The Replacement Agreements contain customary covenants, including covenants limiting liens, substantial asset sales and mergers. Most of these restrictions are subject to certain minimum thresholds and exceptions. The Replacement Agreements also contain financial covenants that require:
(i) maintenance of a minimum consolidated net worth of not less than $9.570 billion (subject to an annual reset provision) plus 25 percent of cumulative net income from December 31, 2006, plus 50 percent of the net proceeds of any issuance of equity interests subsequent to December 31, 2006; and
(ii) maintenance of a ratio of total debt (excluding trust preferred securities and mezzanine capital to the extent not exceeding 15 percent of total capitalization) to total capitalization of not greater than 0.35 to 1.
In addition, the Replacement Agreements have customary events of default, including (subject to certain materiality thresholds and grace periods) payment default, failure to comply with covenants, material inaccuracy of representation or warranty, bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, change of control and cross-default to other debt agreements.
See Item 1.01 above which is incorporated herein by reference.
 
See Item 1.01 above which is incorporated herein by reference.
 
(d) Exhibits
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: November 14, 2007

Exhibit 10.1
Execution Version
Syndicated CUSIP NO. 00440QAA8
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
dated as of November 8, 2007, among ACE Limited, a Cayman Islands company (the ""), ACE Bermuda Insurance Ltd., a Bermuda company (""), ACE Tempest Life Reinsurance Ltd., a Bermuda company (""), and ACE Tempest Reinsurance Ltd., a Bermuda company ("") (ACE Bermuda, Tempest Life and Tempest, together with the Parent, the "" and individually an ""), the banks, financial institutions and other institutional lenders listed on the signature pages hereof as the Initial Banks (the ""), Wachovia Bank, National Association (""), as an Issuing Bank (as hereinafter defined), Bank of America, N.A. (""), as syndication agent, (the ""), The Royal Bank of Scotland plc ("RBS"), as co-documentation agent, ING Bank N.V., London Branch (""), as co-documentation agent, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi, Ltd., New York Branch, as co-documentation agent ("" and, together with RBS and ING, the ""), and Wachovia, as administrative agent (together with any successor administrative agent appointed pursuant to , the "" and, together with the Syndication Agent and Documentation Agents, the "") for the Banks.
SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED REIMBURSEMENT AGREEMENT
Parent
ACE Bermuda
Tempest Life
Tempest
Account Parties
Account Party
Initial Banks
Wachovia
Bank of America
Syndication Agent
ING
BOTM
Documentation Agents
Article VIII
Administrative Agent
Agents
A. The Account Parties entered into an Amended and Restated Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2005 (the ""), among the Account Parties, the banks and other lenders named therein, Wachovia, as an Issuing Bank and as Administrative Agent, and Bank of America, as Syndication Agent, providing for a $1,000,000,000 unsecured letter of credit facility for the benefit of the Account Parties. The Account Parties have requested that the parties hereto amend and restate the Existing Reimbursement Agreement in order to make certain amendments to the Existing Reimbursement Agreement.
Existing Reimbursement Agreement
B. The Issuing Banks and the Banks are willing to amend and restate the Existing Reimbursement Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. It is the intent of the parties hereto that this Agreement not constitute a novation of the obligations and liabilities existing under the Existing Reimbursement Agreement or evidence repayment of any of such obligations and liabilities and that this Agreement amend and restate in its entirety the Existing Reimbursement Agreement and re-evidence the obligations of the Account Parties outstanding thereunder.
 
in consideration of the premises and of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
NOW, THEREFORE,
1.01 . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined):
Certain Defined Terms
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Account Parties
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
ACE Bermuda
"" means ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation.
ACE INA
"" has the meaning specified in .
Additional Bank
Section 2.16(a)
"" means, at any time, an amount equal to (i) the then outstanding Consolidated Debt of the Parent and its Subsidiaries (ii) to the extent exceeding an amount equal to 15% of Total Capitalization, the then issued and outstanding amount of Preferred Securities (other than any Mandatorily Convertible Preferred Securities).
Adjusted Consolidated Debt
plus
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Administrative Agent
"" means the account of the Administrative Agent maintained by the Administrative Agent at Wachovia Bank, National Association, Charlotte Plaza Building, 201 South College Street, 8
Administrative Agent's Account
th
Floor NC0680, Charlotte, North Carolina 28288, Account No. 5000000027444, Re: ACE Ltd., Attn: Syndication Agency Services, or such other account as the Administrative Agent shall specify in writing to the Banks.
"" means, with respect to each Bank, the administrative questionnaire in the form submitted to such Bank by the Administrative Agent and returned to the Administrative Agent duly completed by such Bank.
Administrative Questionnaire
"" means a Letter of Credit Advance.
Advance
"" means any Bank that (i) has made, or notified any Account Party that an event or circumstance has occurred which may give rise to, a demand for compensation under or  or (but only so long as the event or circumstance giving rise to such demand or notice is continuing) or (ii) is a Downgraded Bank.
Affected Bank
Section 2.06(a)
(b)
Section 2.08
"" means, as to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person or is a director or officer of such Person. For purposes of this definition, the term "control" (including the terms "controlling", "controlled by" and "under common control with") of a Person means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to vote 5% or more of the Voting Interests of such Person or to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of Voting Interests, by contract or otherwise.
Affiliate
 
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Agents
"" has the meaning specified in .
Agreement Currency
Section 2.15(g)
"" with respect to any outstanding or proposed Letter of Credit means the Account Party for the account of which such Letter of Credit was or is proposed to be issued.
Applicable Account Party
"" means, as of any date, a percentage per annum determined by reference to the Public Debt Rating in effect on such date as set forth below:
Applicable Commitment Fee Percentage
 
"" means, with respect to each Bank, such Bank's Domestic Lending Office.
Applicable Lending Office
 
"" means, as of any date, a percentage per annum determined by reference to the Public Debt Rating in effect on such date as set forth below:
Applicable Margin
 
"" means any Investment that was made by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to investment guidelines set forth by the board of directors of the Parent which are consistent with past practices.
Approved Investment
"" means an assignment and acceptance entered into by a Bank and an Eligible Assignee, and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in accordance with and in substantially the form of hereto.
Assignment and Acceptance
Section 9.07
Exhibit A
"" of any Letter of Credit means, at any time, the maximum amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit at such time or at any future time (assuming compliance at such time or such future time with all conditions to drawing) (including amounts which have been the subject of drawings by the applicable beneficiary but which have not yet been paid by an Issuing Bank).
Available Amount
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Bank of America
"" means Title 11, U.S. Code, or any similar foreign, federal or state law for the relief of debtors.
Bankruptcy Law
"" means the Initial Banks and each Person that shall become a Bank hereunder pursuant to or  ,  and  for so long as such Initial Bank or Person, as the case may be, shall be a party to this Agreement.
Banks
Section 2.16(a)
Section
9.07(a)
(b)
(c)
"" means Barclays Bank PLC.
Barclays
"" has the meaning set forth in .
Base Amount
Section 5.04(b)
"" means a fluctuating interest rate per annum in effect from time to time, which rate per annum shall at all times be equal to the rate of interest announced publicly by Wachovia in Charlotte, North Carolina from time to time, as Wachovia's prime rate (which may not be its best lending rate) or, if higher on the day in question,
Base Rate
 1
/
2
of 1% above the Federal Funds Rate.
 
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
BOTM
"" means a day of the year on which banks are not required or authorized by law to close in Charlotte, North Carolina, New York, New York, London, England or Bermuda.
Business Day
"" means all leases that have been or should be, in accordance with GAAP, recorded as capitalized leases.
Capitalized Leases
"" means the occurrence of any of the following: (a) any Person or two or more Persons acting in concert shall have acquired beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), directly or indirectly, of Voting Interests of the Parent (or other securities convertible into such Voting Interests) representing 30% or more of the combined voting power of all Voting Interests of the Parent or (b) a majority of the board of directors of the Parent shall not be Continuing Members.
Change of Control
"" means Citibank, N.A.
Citibank
"" means, at any time, the aggregate amount of the Banks' LC Commitment Amounts at such time.
Committed Facility
"" means information that any Loan Party furnishes to any Agent or any Bank, but does not include any such information that is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of a breach by any Agent or any Bank of its obligations hereunder or that is or becomes available to such Agent or such Bank from a source other than the Loan Parties that is not, to the best of such Agent's or such Bank's knowledge, acting in violation of a confidentiality agreement with a Loan Party.
Confidential Information
"" refers to the consolidation of accounts in accordance with GAAP.
Consolidated
"" means, for any period, the net income of the Parent and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, determined on a Consolidated basis for such period.
Consolidated Net Income
"" means at any date the Consolidated stockholders' equity of the Parent and its Consolidated Subsidiaries determined as of such date, that such determination for purposes of   shall be made without giving effect to adjustments pursuant to Statement No. 115 of the Financial Accounting Standards Board of the United States of America.
Consolidated Net Worth
provided
Section
5.04
"" means, with respect to any Person, any obligation or arrangement of such Person to guarantee or intended to guarantee any Debt, leases, dividends or other payment obligations ("") of any other Person (the "") in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including (a) the direct or indirect guarantee, endorsement (other than for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business), co-making, discounting with recourse or sale with recourse by such Person of the obligation of a primary obligor, (b) the obligation to make take-or-pay or similar payments, if required, regardless of nonperformance by any other party or parties to an agreement or (c) any obligation of such Person, whether or not contingent, (i) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property
Contingent Obligation
primary obligations
primary obligor
 
constituting direct or indirect security therefor, (ii) to advance or supply funds (A) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (B) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor, (iii) to purchase property, assets, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation or (iv) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the holder of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof; , , that Contingent Obligations shall not include any obligations of any such Person arising under insurance contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Contingent Obligation shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Contingent Obligation is made (or, if less, the maximum amount of such primary obligation for which such Person may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument evidencing such Contingent Obligation) or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof (assuming such Person is required to perform thereunder), as determined by such Person in good faith.
provided
however
"" means a member of the Board of Directors of the Parent who either (i) was a member of the Parent's Board of Directors on the date of execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Parent and has been such continuously thereafter or (ii) became a member of such Board of Directors after such date and whose election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of the majority of the Continuing Members then members of the Parent's Board of Directors.
Continuing Member
"" means debt securities issued by ACE INA or the Parent to a Special Purpose Trust in exchange for proceeds of Preferred Securities and common securities of such Special Purpose Trust.
Debenture
"" of any Person means, without duplication for purposes of calculating financial ratios, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of such Person's business), (c) all obligations of such Person evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other similar instruments, (d) all obligations of such Person created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement with respect to property acquired by such Person (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or lender under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property), (e) all obligations of such Person as lessee under Capitalized Leases (excluding imputed interest), (f) all obligations of such Person under acceptance, letter of credit or similar facilities, (g) all obligations of such Person to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise make any payment in respect of any Equity Interests (except for obligations to pay for Equity Interests within customary settlement periods) in such Person or any other Person or any warrants, rights or options to acquire such capital stock (excluding payments under a contract for the forward sale of ordinary shares of such Person issued in a public offering), valued, in the case of Redeemable Preferred Interests, at the greater of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference accrued and unpaid dividends, (h) all Contingent Obligations of such Person in respect of Debt (of the types described above) of any other Person and (i) all indebtedness and other payment obligations referred to in clauses (a) through (h) above of another Person secured by (or for which the holder of such Debt has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by)
Debt
plus
 
any Lien on property (including accounts and contract rights) owned by such Person, even though such Person has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such indebtedness or other payment obligations; , , that the amount of Debt of such Person under clause (i) above shall, if such Person has not assumed or otherwise become liable for any such Debt, be limited to the lesser of the principal amount of such Debt or the fair market value of all property of such Person securing such Debt; that "Debt" shall not include obligations in respect of insurance or reinsurance contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business or any obligations of such Person (1) to purchase securities (or other property) which arise out of or in connection with the sale of the same or substantially similar securities (or other property) or (2) to return collateral consisting of securities arising out of or in connection with the loan of the same or substantially similar securities; that, solely for purposes of   and the definitions of "Adjusted Consolidated Debt" and "Total Capitalization", "Debt" shall not include (x) any contingent obligations of any Person under or in connection with acceptance, letter of credit or similar facilities or (y) obligations of the Parent or ACE INA under any Debentures or under any subordinated guaranty of any Preferred Securities or obligations of a Special Purpose Trust under any Preferred Securities.
provided
however
provided
further
provided
further
Section
5.04
"" means any Event of Default or any event that would constitute an Event of Default but for the requirement that notice be given or time elapse or both.
Default
"" means, with respect to any Bank at any time, any amount required to be paid by such Bank to any Agent or any other Bank hereunder or under any other Loan Document at or prior to such time that has not been so paid as of such time, including any amount required to be paid by such Bank to (a) an Issuing Bank pursuant to to purchase a portion of a Letter of Credit Advance made by such Issuing Bank and (b) any Agent or any Issuing Bank pursuant to   to reimburse such Agent or such Issuing Bank for such Bank's ratable share of any amount required to be paid by the Banks to such Agent or such Issuing Bank as provided therein.
Defaulted Amount
Section 2.02(f)
Section
8.05
"" means, at any time, any Bank that, at such time, (a) owes a Defaulted Amount or (b) shall take any action or be the subject of any action or proceeding of a type described in  .
Defaulting Bank
Section
6.01(g)
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Documentation Agents
"" has the meaning specified in  .
Dollar Equivalent
Section
2.15(h)
"" means, with respect to any Bank, the office of such Bank specified as its "Domestic Lending Office" opposite in its Administrative Questionnaire or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Bank, as the case may be, or such other office of such Bank as such Bank may from time to time specify to any Account Party and the Administrative Agent.
Domestic Lending Office
"" has the meaning specified in  .
Downgrade Account
Section
2.14(a)
 
"" means, with respect to any Bank, a reduction of the credit rating for the senior unsecured unsupported long-term debt of such Bank (or, if no such rating exists, then a reduction of the long-term issuer credit rating of such Bank) by S&P or Moody's.
Downgrade Event
"" has the meaning specified in  .
Downgrade Notice
Section
2.14(a)
"" means any Bank which has a credit rating of less than A- (in the case of S&P) or A3 (in the case of Moody's) for its senior unsecured unsupported long-term debt or which does not have any credit rating on such debt from one of S&P or Moody's; provided, that if at any time such Bank has no such senior unsecured unsupported long-term debt rating from either rating service but does have a long-term issuer credit rating from either or both services, then such Bank shall not be considered a Downgraded Bank so long as such long-term issuer credit rating remains at or above A- (in the case of S&P) or A3 (in the case of Moody's).
Downgraded Bank
"" means the first date on which the conditions set forth in shall have been satisfied.
Effective Date
Article III
"" means (i) a Bank, (ii) an Affiliate of a Bank, or (iii) a commercial bank, a savings bank or other financial institution that is approved by the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank that has issued an outstanding Letters of Credit at the time any assignment is effected pursuant to   and, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time any assignment is effected pursuant to  , the Parent (such approvals not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); , , that neither any Loan Party nor any Affiliate of a Loan Party shall qualify as an Eligible Assignee under this definition.
Eligible Assignee
Section
9.07
Section
9.07
provided
however
"" means any action, suit, demand, demand letter, claim, notice of non-compliance or violation, notice of liability or potential liability, investigation, proceeding, consent order or consent agreement relating in any way to any Environmental Law, any Environmental Permit or Hazardous Material or arising from alleged injury or threat to health, safety or the environment, including (a) by any governmental or regulatory authority for enforcement, cleanup, removal, response, remedial or other actions or damages and (b) by any governmental or regulatory authority or third party for damages, contribution, indemnification, cost recovery, compensation or injunctive relief.
Environmental Action
"" means any federal, state, local or foreign statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation, code, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree or judicial or agency interpretation, policy or guidance relating to pollution or protection of the environment, health, safety or natural resources, including those relating to the use, handling, transportation, treatment, storage, disposal, release or discharge of Hazardous Materials.
Environmental Law
"" means any permit, approval, identification number, license or other authorization required under any Environmental Law.
Environmental Permit
"" means, with respect to any Person, shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or other acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the
Equity Interests
 
purchase or other acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such other interests), and other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are authorized or otherwise existing on any date of determination.
"" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.
ERISA
"" means any Person that for purposes of Title IV of ERISA is a member of the controlled group of any Loan Party, or under common control with any Loan Party, within the meaning of Section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 4001 of ERISA.
ERISA Affiliate
"" has the meaning specified in  .
Events of Default
Section
6.01
"" means, collectively, the letters of credit outstanding on the Effective Date issued by Wachovia, Citibank and Barclays pursuant to the Existing Reimbursement Agreement or the Existing Secured Reimbursement Agreement, which letters of credit are listed on hereto.
Existing Letters of Credit
Schedule II
"" has the meaning specified in the Preliminary Statement hereof.
Existing Reimbursement Agreement
"" means the Amended and Restated Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2005, among the Account Parties, the banks and other lenders named therein, Wachovia, as an Issuing Bank and as Administrative Agent, Bank of America, as Syndication Agent, providing for a $500,000,000 secured letter of credit facility for the benefit of the Account Parties.
Existing Secured Reimbursement Agreement
"" shall mean November 8, 2012.
Expiration Date
"" means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal for each day during such period to the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by federal funds brokers, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the next preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day for such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it.
Federal Funds Rate
"" means the fee letter dated October 3, 2007 among the Parent, Wachovia and Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC.
Fee Letter
"" means the fiscal year of the Parent and its Consolidated Subsidiaries ending on December 31
Fiscal Year
st
in any calendar year.
"" has the meaning specified in  .
Foreign Government Scheme or Arrangement
Section
4.01(l)(ii)
"" has the meaning specified in  .
Foreign Plan
Section
4.01(l)(ii)
 
"" has the meaning specified in  .
GAAP
Section
1.03
"" means the undertaking by each of the Account Parties under .
Guaranty
Article VII
"" means (a) petroleum or petroleum products, by-products or breakdown products, radioactive materials, asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls and radon gas and (b) any other chemicals, materials or substances designated, classified or regulated as hazardous or toxic or as a pollutant or contaminant under any Environmental Law.
Hazardous Materials
"" means interest rate swap, cap or collar agreements, interest rate future or option contracts, currency swap agreements, currency future or option contracts and other hedging agreements.
Hedge Agreements
"" has the meaning specified in  .
Indemnified Party
Section
9.04(b)
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
ING
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Initial Banks
"" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.
Internal Revenue Code
"" in any Person means any loan or advance to such Person, any purchase or other acquisition of any Equity Interests or Debt or the assets comprising a division or business unit or a substantial part or all of the business of such Person, any capital contribution to such Person or any other direct or indirect investment in such Person, including any acquisition by way of a merger or consolidation and any arrangement pursuant to which the investor incurs Debt of the types referred to in clause (h) or (i) of the definition of "Debt" in respect of such Person; , , that any purchase by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any catastrophe-linked instruments which are (x) issued for the purpose of transferring traditional reinsurance risk to the capital markets and (y) purchased by such Loan Party or Subsidiary in accordance with its customary reinsurance underwriting procedures, or the entry by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary into swap instruments relating to such instruments in accordance with such procedures, shall be deemed to be the entry by such Person into a reinsurance contract and shall not be deemed to be an Investment by such Person.
Investment
provided
however
"" means Wachovia, Citibank, Barclays and any other Bank that has been appointed by the Parent, has accepted such appointment and has been approved in writing by the Administrative Agent (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld); , , that Barclays shall be an "Issuing Bank" solely with respect to the Existing Letters of Credit issued by Barclays listed on hereto and Barclays shall not issue any additional Letters of Credit (but may amend, extend or increase any such Letter of Credit).
Issuing Banks
provided
however
Schedule II
"" means Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC and Banc of America Securities, LLC, collectively.
Joint Lead Arrangers
"" has the meaning specified in  .
Judgment Currency
Section
2.15(g)
 
"" means, with respect to any Bank at any time, the amount set forth opposite such Bank's name on hereto under the caption "LC Commitment Amount" or, if such Bank has entered into one or more Assignment and Acceptances or has become a Bank, or has increased its LC Commitment pursuant to , the amount set forth for such Bank in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant to   as such Bank's "LC Commitment Amount", as such amount may be reduced at or prior to such time pursuant to .
LC Commitment Amount
Schedule I
Section 2.16
Section
9.07(d)
Section 2.04
"" has the meaning specified in  .
LC Participation Obligations
Section
2.14(a)
"" has the meaning specified in  .
L/C Related Documents
Section
2.03(a)(ii)
"" has the meaning specified in  .
Letter of Credit Advance
Section
2.02(g)
"" has the meaning specified in  .
Letter of Credit Agreement
Section
2.02(a)
"" at any time means the sum at such time of (a) the aggregate outstanding amount of Letter of Credit Advances, (b) the aggregate Available Amounts of all outstanding Letters of Credit (including all outstanding Existing Letters of Credit) and (c) the aggregate Available Amounts of all Letters of Credit which have been requested by an Account Party to be issued hereunder but have not yet been so issued.
Letter of Credit Exposure
"" has the meaning specified in  .
Letter of Credit Participating Interest
Section
2.02(e)
"" has the meaning specified in  .
Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment
Section
2.02(e)
"" means, for any Bank, a fraction, expressed as a percentage, the numerator of which is such Bank's LC Commitment Amount and the denominator of which is the aggregate LC Commitment Amounts of all the Banks.
Letter of Credit Participating Interest Percentage
"" has the meaning specified in  .
Letters of Credit
Section
2.01
"" means any lien, security interest or other charge or encumbrance of any kind, or any other type of preferential arrangement, including the lien or retained security title of a conditional vendor and any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property.
Lien
"" means (i) this Agreement, (ii) the Fee Letter and (iii) each Letter of Credit Agreement.
Loan Documents
"" means the Account Parties.
Loan Parties
"" means units comprised of (i) Preferred Securities or preferred shares of Parent and (ii) a contract for the sale of ordinary shares of the Parent.
Mandatorily Convertible Preferred Securities
"" has the meaning specified in Regulation U.
Margin Stock
 
"" means any material adverse change in the business, financial condition, operations or properties of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.
Material Adverse Change
"" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, condition, operations or properties of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Bank under any Loan Document or (c) the ability of the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, to perform their obligations under the Loan Documents.
Material Adverse Effect
"" means a principal amount of Debt and/or payment obligations in respect of any Hedge Agreement of the Parent and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries arising in one or more related or unrelated transactions exceeding in the aggregate $50,000,000.
Material Financial Obligation
"" means (i) any Subsidiary of the Parent that has more than $10,000,000 in assets or that had more than $10,000,000 of revenue during the most recent period of four fiscal quarters for which financial statements are available, and (ii) any Subsidiary that is the direct or indirect parent company of any Subsidiary that qualified as a "Material Subsidiary" under clause (i) above.
Material Subsidiary
"" has the meaning set forth in .
Minimum Amount
Section 5.04(b)
"" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc.
Moody's
"" means a multiemployer plan, as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate is making or accruing an obligation to make contributions, or has within any of the preceding five plan years made or accrued an obligation to make contributions.
Multiemployer Plan
"" means, with respect to any issuance of Equity Interests by any Person, the amount of cash received by such Person in connection with such transaction after deducting therefrom the aggregate, without duplication, of the following amounts to the extent properly attributable to such transaction: (a) reasonable brokerage commissions, attorneys' fees, finder's fees, financial advisory fees, accounting fees, underwriting fees, investment banking fees, and other similar commissions, and fees and expenses and disbursements of any of the foregoing, in each case to the extent paid or payable by such Person; (b) printing and related expenses of filing and recording or registration fees or charges or similar fees or charges paid by such Person; and (c) taxes paid or payable by such Person to any governmental authority or regulatory body as a result of such transaction.
Net Proceeds
"" means any Bank that does not approve a consent, waiver or amendment to any Loan Document requested by any Account Party or the Administrative Agent and that requires the approval of all Banks under (or all Banks directly affected thereby) when the Super-Majority Banks have agreed to such consent, waiver or amendment.
Nonconsenting Bank
Section 9.01
"" has the meaning specified in  .
Non-Dollar Letters of Credit
Section
2.15(a)
 
"" means the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control, and any successor thereto.
OFAC
"" has the meaning specified in  .
Other Taxes
Section
2.08(b)
"" has the meaning specified in  .
Overnight Rate
Section
2.15(h)
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Parent
"" means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT Act, Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)).
Patriot Act
"" means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (or any successor).
PBGC
"" means a "pension plan", as such term is defined in section 3(2) of ERISA, which is subject to title IV of ERISA (other than any "multiemployer plan" as such term is defined in section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA), and to which any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate may have any liability, including any liability by reason of having been a substantial employer within the meaning of section 4063 of ERISA at any time during the preceding five years, or by reason of being deemed to be a contributing sponsor under section 4069 of ERISA.
Pension Plan
"" means such of the following as to which no enforcement, collection, execution, levy or foreclosure proceeding shall have been commenced or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings: (a) Liens for taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies not yet due and payable; (b) Liens imposed by law, such as materialmen's, mechanics', carriers', workmen's and repairmen's Liens and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business securing obligations that are not overdue for a period of more than 90 days; (c) pledges or deposits to secure obligations under workers' compensation laws or similar legislation or to secure public or statutory obligations; and (d) easements, rights of way and other encumbrances on title to real property that do not render title to the property encumbered thereby unmarketable or materially adversely affect the use of such property for its present purposes.
Permitted Liens
"" means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a business trust), limited liability company, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or other entity, or a government or any political subdivision or agency thereof.
Person
"" means, with respect to any Person, Equity Interests issued by such Person that are entitled to a preference or priority over any other Equity Interests issued by such Person upon any distribution of such Person's property and assets, whether by dividend or upon liquidation.
Preferred Interests
"" means (i) preferred securities issued by a Special Purpose Trust which shall provide, among other things, that dividends shall be payable only out of proceeds of interest payments on the Debentures, or (ii) other instruments that are treated in whole or in part as equity by one or more of S&P and Moody's (or any successor to any of the foregoing) while being treated as debt for tax purposes.
Preferred Securities
 
"" means from and to the Banks in accordance with their respective Letter of Credit Participating Interest Percentages.
Pro Rata
"" means, for any Bank, its share determined Pro Rata, in accordance with the definition of the term "Pro Rata."
Pro Rata Share
"" means, as of any date, the higher rating that has been most recently announced by either S&P or Moody's, as the case may be, for any class of non-credit enhanced long-term senior unsecured debt issued by the Parent; that if at any time the difference between the ratings of such type most recently announced by S&P and Moody's is more than one rating grade, the Public Debt Rating shall be the rating that is one grade below the higher of such two ratings. For purposes of the foregoing, (a) if only one of S&P and Moody's shall have in effect a rating for any class of non-credit enhanced long-term senior unsecured debt issued by the Parent, the Public Debt Rating shall be the available rating; (b) if neither S&P nor Moody's shall have in effect a rating for any class of non-credit enhanced long-term senior unsecured debt issued by the Parent, the Public Debt Rating shall be the rating which is three rating levels below the Parent's S&P financial strength rating at such time, that, in the event that the Parent's S&P financial strength rating is affirmed at (i) A+, the applicable Level will be Level 2 and (ii) A+ and on credit watch/review with negative implications, the applicable Level will be Level 3; (c) if any rating established by S&P or Moody's shall be changed, such change shall be effective as of the date on which such change is first announced publicly by the rating agency making such change; and (d) if S&P or Moody's shall change the basis on which ratings are established, each reference herein to ratings announced by S&P or Moody's, as the case may be, shall refer to the then equivalent rating by S&P or Moody's, as the case may be.
Public Debt Rating
provided
provided
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
RBS
"" means, with respect to any Equity Interest, any Debt or any other right or obligation, any such Equity Interest, Debt, right or obligation that (a) the issuer has undertaken to redeem at a fixed or determinable date or dates, whether by operation of a sinking fund or otherwise, or upon the occurrence of a condition not solely within the control of the issuer or (b) is redeemable at the option of the holder.
Redeemable
"" has the meaning specified in  .
Register
Section
9.07(d)
"" means Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as in effect from time to time.
Regulation U
"" means, at any time, Banks owed or holding at least a majority in interest of the sum of (a) aggregate principal amount of the Letter of Credit Advances outstanding at such time and (b) the aggregate Available Amount of all Letters of Credit outstanding at such time, or, if no such principal amount and no Letters of Credit are outstanding at such time, Banks having LC Commitment Amounts constituting at least a majority in interest of the aggregate of the LC Commitment Amounts; , , that if any Bank shall be a Defaulting Bank at such time, there shall be excluded from the determination of Required Banks at such time (A) the aggregate principal amount of the interest of such Bank in Letter of Credit Advances and outstanding at such time, (B) such Bank's Pro Rata Share of the aggregate Available Amount of all Letters of Credit outstanding at such time and (C) the Unused LC Commitment Amount of such Bank at such time.
Required Banks
provided
however
 
"" means the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Treasurer or General Counsel of the Parent.
Responsible Officer
"" means Standard & Poor's Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.
S&P
"" means a country subject to a sanctions program identified on the list maintained by OFAC and available at , or as otherwise published by OFAC from time to time.
Sanctioned Country
http://www.treas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac/
"" means (i) a Person named on the list of Specially Designated Nationals or Blocked Persons maintained by OFAC available at , or as otherwise published by OFAC from time to time, or (ii) (A) an agency of the government of a Sanctioned Country, or (B) a Person resident in a Sanctioned Country, to the extent subject to a sanctions program administered by OFAC.
Sanctioned Person
http://www.treas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac/sdn/t11sdn.pdf
"" means any sale, assignment or other transfer by Parent or any Subsidiary of any accounts receivable, premium finance loan receivables, lease receivables or other payment obligations owing to Parent or such Subsidiary or any interest in any of the foregoing, together in each case with any collections and other proceeds thereof, any collection or deposit accounts related thereto, and any collateral, guaranties or other property or claims in favor of Parent or such Subsidiary supporting or securing payment by the obligor thereon of, or otherwise related to, any such receivables.
Securitization Transaction
"" means a Subsidiary of Parent that is a "significant subsidiary" of the Parent under Regulation S-X promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Significant Subsidiary
"" and "" mean, with respect to any Person on a particular date, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair salable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Person's ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature and (d) such Person is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which such Person's property would constitute an unreasonably small capital. The amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability.
Solvent
Solvency
"" means a special purpose business trust established by the Parent or ACE INA of which the Parent or ACE INA will hold all the common securities, which will be the issuer of the Preferred Securities, and which will loan to the Parent or ACE INA (such loan being evidenced by the Debentures) the net proceeds of the issuance and sale of the Preferred Securities and common securities of such Special Purpose Trust.
Special Purpose Trust
 
"" of any Person means any corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, trust or estate of which (or in which) more than 50% of (a) the issued and outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether at the time capital stock of any other class or classes of such corporation shall or might have voting power upon the occurrence of any contingency), (b) the interest in the capital or profits of such partnership, joint venture or limited liability company or (c) the beneficial interest in such trust or estate is at the time directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such Person, by such Person and one or more of its other Subsidiaries or by one or more of such Person's other Subsidiaries.
Subsidiary
"" means the Account Parties (other than the Parent).
Subsidiary Guarantors
"" means, at any time, Banks owed or holding at least two-thirds in interest of the sum of (a) aggregate principal amount of the Letter of Credit Advances outstanding at such time and (b) the aggregate Available Amount of all Letters of Credit outstanding at such time, or, if no such principal amount and no Letters of Credit are outstanding at such time, Banks having LC Commitment Amounts constituting at least two-thirds in interest of the aggregate of the LC Commitment Amounts; , , that if any Bank shall be a Defaulting Bank at such time, there shall be excluded from the determination of Super-Majority Banks at such time (A) the aggregate principal amount of the interest of such Bank in Letter of Credit Advances and outstanding at such time, (B) such Bank's Pro Rata Share of the aggregate Available Amount of all Letters of Credit outstanding at such time and (C) the Unused LC Commitment Amount of such Bank at such time.
Super-Majority Banks
provided
however
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Syndication Agent
"" has the meaning specified in  .
Taxes
Section
2.08(a)
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Tempest
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Tempest Life
"" means, at any time, an amount (without duplication) equal to (i) the then outstanding Consolidated Debt of the Parent and its Subsidiaries (ii) Consolidated stockholders equity of the Parent and its Subsidiaries (without duplication), (iii) the then issued and outstanding amount of Preferred Securities (including Mandatorily Convertible Preferred Securities) and (without duplication) Debentures.
Total Capitalization
plus
plus
"" means, with respect to any Bank at any time, (a) such Bank's LC Commitment Amount at such time (b) such Bank's Pro Rata Share of (i) the aggregate Available Amount of all Letters of Credit hereunder (including all Existing Letters of Credit) and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of all Letter of Credit Advances made by the Issuing Banks pursuant to and outstanding at such time (whether held by the Issuing Banks or the Banks).
Unused LC Commitment Amount
minus
Section 2.02(g)
 
"" means any Person (i) organized under the laws of the United States or any jurisdiction within the United States (including foreign branches thereof) or (ii) located in the United States.
U.S. Person
"" means shares of capital stock issued by a corporation, or equivalent Equity Interests in any other Person, the holders of which are ordinarily, in the absence of contingencies, entitled to vote for the election of directors (or persons performing similar functions) of such Person, even if the right so to vote has been suspended by the happening of such a contingency.
Voting Interests
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Wachovia
"" means a welfare plan, as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA, that is maintained for employees of any Loan Party or in respect of which any Loan Party could have liability.
Welfare Plan
"" has the meaning specified in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA.
Withdrawal Liability
1.02 . In this Agreement and the other Loan Documents in the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word "from" means "from and including" and the words "to" and "until" each mean "to but excluding". References in the Loan Documents to (a) any agreement or contract shall mean such agreement or contract as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time; and (b) any law shall mean such law as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time (including any successor thereto) and all rules, regulations, guidelines and decisions interpreting or implementing such law. The term "including" means "including without limitation" and derivatives of such term have a corresponding meaning.
Computation of Time Periods; Other Definitional Provisions
1.03 . Unless otherwise specified herein, all accounting terms used herein shall be interpreted, all accounting determinations hereunder shall be made, and all financial statements required to be delivered hereunder shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time in the United States of America (""), applied on a basis consistent (except for changes concurred in by the Parent's independent public accountants) with the most recent audited consolidated financial statements of the Parent and its Subsidiaries delivered to the Banks; that, if the Parent notifies the Administrative Agent that the Parent wishes to amend any covenant in to eliminate the effect of any change in generally accepted accounting principles on the operation of such covenant (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Parent that the Required Banks wish to amend for such purpose), then the Parent's compliance with such covenant shall be determined on the basis of generally accepted accounting principles in effect immediately before the relevant change in generally accepted accounting principles became effective (and, concurrently with the delivery of any financial statements required to be delivered hereunder, the Parent shall provide a statement of reconciliation conforming such financial information to such generally accepted accounting principles as previously in effect), until either such notice is withdrawn or such covenant is amended in a manner satisfactory to the Parent and the Required Banks.
Accounting Terms and Determinations
GAAP
provided
Article V
Article V
 
2.01 . Each Issuing Bank agrees, on the terms and subject to the conditions herein set forth, to issue standby letters of credit (the "") for the account of any Account Party on any Business Day from time to time during the period from the Effective Date to the Expiration Date. From and after the Effective Date, the Existing Letters of Credit shall be Letters of Credit hereunder. No Issuing Bank shall have any obligation to issue, and no Account Party will request the issuance of, any Letter of Credit hereunder if either (a) the aggregate Available Amounts of all Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank would exceed, after giving effect to such issuance, the maximum amount set forth in a letter agreement between such Issuing Bank and the Parent, on behalf of the Account Parties, or (b) any Bank's Pro Rata Share of the Available Amount of such Letter of Credit exceeds, immediately before the time of such issuance, an amount equal to such Bank's Pro Rata Share of the total Unused LC Commitment Amounts of the Banks at such time (as such amount shall be advised by the Administrative Agent to the respective Issuing Bank as contemplated by ). Unless all the Banks consent otherwise in writing, no Issuing Bank shall have any obligation to issue, and no Account Party shall request the issuance of, any Letter of Credit hereunder if the Available Amount of such Letter of Credit exceeds, immediately before the time of such issuance, an amount equal to the total Unused LC Commitment Amounts of the Banks at such time (as such amount shall be advised by the Administrative Agent to the respective Issuing Bank as contemplated by ). No Issuing Bank shall have any obligation to issue, and no Account Party shall request the issuance of, any Letter of Credit except within the following limitations: (i) subject to the provisions of  , each Letter of Credit shall be denominated in U.S. dollars, (ii) each Letter of Credit shall be payable only against sight drafts (and not time drafts) and (iii) no Letter of Credit shall have an expiration date (including all rights of the Applicable Account Party or the beneficiary to require renewal) later than one year after the date of issuance thereof, but a Letter of Credit may by its terms be automatically renewable annually (but not after the Expiration Date) unless the respective Issuing Bank notifies the beneficiary thereof of its election not to renew such Letter of Credit (which such Issuing Bank agrees to do on and subject to the terms of  ). No Issuing Bank shall have any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit which is unsatisfactory in form, substance or beneficiary to such Issuing Bank in the exercise of its reasonable judgment consistent with its customary practice. No Issuing Bank shall have any obligation to issue a Letter of Credit in favor of a beneficiary that is a Sanctioned Person or that is organized under the laws of a Sanctioned Country. Letters of Credit may be issued for the account of any Subsidiary of the Parent that is not an Account Party hereunder, that the Parent shall be a joint applicant and account party with respect to any such Letter of Credit.
The Letters of Credit
Letters of Credit
Section 2.02
Section 2.02
Section
2.15
Section
2.02(d)
provided
 
2.02 .
Issuance and Renewals and Drawings, Participations and Reimbursement with Respect to Letters of Credit
(a) . An Account Party may from time to time request, upon at least three Business Days' notice (given not later than 11:00 A.M. Charlotte, North Carolina time on the last day permitted therefor), an Issuing Bank issue or renew (other than any automatic renewal thereof) a Letter of Credit by:
Request for Issuance
(i) delivering to such Issuing Bank, with a copy to the Administrative Agent, either (x) a written request to such effect or (y) a request made in electronic form through such Issuing Bank's remote access system and in accordance with the terms and conditions (including any written agreements between such Issuing Bank and any Account Party) applicable thereto, in each case specifying the date on which such Letter of Credit is to be issued (which shall be a Business Day), the expiration date thereof, the Available Amount thereof, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and the form thereof, and in each case with a copy of such request (or, in the case of clause (y) above, a written or electronic summary thereof) to the Administrative Agent; and
(ii) in the case of the issuance of a Letter of Credit, delivering to such Issuing Bank, with a copy to the Administrative Agent, a completed agreement and application with respect to such Letter of Credit as such Issuing Bank may specify for use in connection with such requested Letter of Credit (a ""), together with such other certificates, documents and other papers or information as are specified in such Letter of Credit Agreement or as may be required pursuant to such Issuing Bank's customary practices for the issuance of letters of credit (including requirements relating to requests made through such Issuing Bank's remote access system).
Letter of Credit Agreement
If the limitation set forth in is satisfied and if the Required Banks have not given notice to the Administrative Agent to cease issuing or renewing Letters of Credit as contemplated by this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the respective Issuing Bank (in writing or by telephone immediately confirmed in writing) that such Issuing Bank is authorized to issue or renew, as the case may be, such Letter of Credit. An Issuing Bank shall not issue or renew, as the case may be, any Letter of Credit (other than by the automatic renewal thereof) unless it shall have received notice from the Administrative Agent that it is authorized to do so as described in the preceding sentence. If such Issuing Bank issues or renews a Letter of Credit, it shall deliver the original of such Letter of Credit to the beneficiary thereof or as the Applicable Account Party shall otherwise direct, and shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent thereof and furnish a copy thereof to the Administrative Agent. Each Issuing Bank may issue Letters of Credit through any of its branches or Affiliates (whether domestic or foreign) that issue letters of credit, and each Account Party authorizes and directs each Issuing Bank to select the branch or Affiliate that will issue or process any Letter of Credit.
Section 2.01(b)
(b) . An Account Party may from time to time request an Issuing Bank extend the expiration date of an outstanding Letter of Credit issued for its account or increase (or, with the consent of the beneficiary, decrease) the Available Amount
Request for Extension or Increase
 
of or the amount available to be drawn on such Letter of Credit by delivering to such Issuing Bank, with a copy to the Administrative Agent, either (i) a written request to such effect or (ii) a request made in electronic form through such Issuing Bank's remote access system. Such extension or increase shall for all purposes hereunder (including for purposes of ) be treated as though such Account Party had requested issuance of a replacement Letter of Credit (except only that such Issuing Bank may, if it elects, issue a notice of extension or increase in lieu of issuing a new Letter of Credit in substitution for the outstanding Letter of Credit).
Section 2.02(a)
(c) . If any Letter of Credit shall provide for the automatic renewal of the expiry date thereof unless the respective Issuing Bank gives notice that such expiry date shall not be renewed, then the respective Issuing Bank shall allow such Letter of Credit to be renewed unless it shall have received, at least five days prior to the date on which such notice of nonrenewal must be delivered under such Letter of Credit (or such shorter period acceptable to the respective Issuing Bank) (i) notice from the Administrative Agent that such Issuing Bank is not authorized to renew such Letter of Credit (or Letters of Credit generally), or (ii) notice from any Account Party that it does not want the Issuing Bank to renew such Letter of Credit. An Issuing Bank shall not allow any Letter of Credit to be automatically renewed if it has received notice from the Administrative Agent, as described in the preceding sentence, that it is not authorized to do so anytime prior to the date five days prior to the date on which the notice of nonrenewal must be delivered under such Letter of Credit.
Automatic Renewals
(d) . As between each Issuing Bank, on the one hand, and the Agents and the Banks, on the other hand, each Issuing Bank shall be justified and fully protected (i) in issuing or renewing a proposed Letter of Credit (other than by the automatic renewal thereof) if such Issuing Bank has received notice from the Administrative Agent that such Issuing Bank is authorized to issue or renew such Letter of Credit, and (ii) in allowing a Letter of Credit to be automatically renewed if such Issuing Bank has not received notice from the Administrative Agent as provided in hereof that it is not authorized to do so at any time prior to the date five days prior to the date on which the notice of nonrenewal must be delivered under such Letter of Credit, in either case, notwithstanding any subsequent notices to such Issuing Bank, any knowledge of a Default, any knowledge of failure of any condition specified in hereof to be satisfied, any other knowledge of such Issuing Bank, or any other event, condition or circumstance whatsoever. Each Issuing Bank may amend, modify or supplement Letters of Credit or Letter of Credit Agreements, or waive compliance with any condition of issuance, renewal or payment, without the consent of, and without liability to, any Agent or any Bank, that any such amendment, modification or supplement that extends the expiration date or increases the Available Amount of or the amount available to be drawn on an outstanding Letter of Credit shall be subject to . With respect to each Letter of Credit that remains outstanding at any time after the Expiration Date and that provides by its terms for automatic renewal, the respective Issuing Bank shall notify the beneficiary thereof, in accordance with the terms specified for such notice in such Letter of Credit, of such Issuing Bank's election not to renew such Letter of Credit.
Limitations on Issuance, Extension, Renewal and Amendment
Section 2.02(c)
Article III
provided
Section 2.01
(e) . Concurrently with the issuance of each Letter of Credit (and upon the Effective Date, with respect to each Existing Letter of Credit, and without any further action by any party to this Agreement), the respective Issuing Bank
Letter of Credit Participating Interests
 
automatically shall be deemed, irrevocably and unconditionally, to have sold, assigned, transferred and conveyed to each other Bank, and each other Bank automatically shall be deemed, irrevocably and unconditionally, severally to have purchased, acquired, accepted and assumed from such Issuing Bank, without recourse to, or representation or warranty by, such Issuing Bank, an undivided interest, in a proportion equal to such Bank's Pro Rata Share, in all of such Issuing Bank's rights and obligations in, to or under such Letter of Credit, the related Letter of Credit Agreement, all reimbursement obligations with respect to such Letter of Credit, and all collateral, guarantees and other rights from time to time directly or indirectly securing the foregoing (such interest of each Bank being referred to herein as a "", it being understood that the Letter of Credit Participating Interest of such Issuing Bank is the interest not otherwise attributable to the Letter of Credit Participating Interests of the other Banks). Each Bank irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to the immediately preceding sentence, such agreement being herein referred to as such Bank's "". Amounts, other than Letter of Credit Advances made by a Bank other than the Issuing Banks and other than Letter of Credit commissions under , payable from time to time under or in connection with a Letter of Credit or Letter of Credit Agreement shall be for the sole account of the Issuing Banks. On the date that any assignee becomes a party to this Agreement in accordance with   hereof, Letter of Credit Participating Interests in all outstanding Letters of Credit held by the Bank from which such assignee acquired its interest hereunder shall be proportionately reallocated between such assignee and such assignor Bank (and, to the extent such assignor Bank is an Issuing Bank, the assignee Bank shall be deemed to have acquired a Letter of Credit Participating Interest from such Issuing Bank to such extent). Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, each Bank hereby agrees that its obligation to participate in each Letter of Credit, its obligation to make the payments specified in  , and the right of each Issuing Bank to receive such payments in the manner specified therein, are each absolute, irrevocable and unconditional and shall not be affected by any event, condition or circumstance whatever. The failure of any Bank to make any such payment shall not relieve any other Bank of its funding obligation hereunder on the date due, but no Bank shall be responsible for the failure of any other Bank to meet its funding obligations hereunder.
Letter of Credit Participating Interest
Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment
Section 2.05(c)(i)
Section
9.07
Section
2.02(f)
(f) . If an Issuing Bank makes a payment under any Letter of Credit and is not reimbursed in full therefor in accordance with  , such Issuing Bank may notify the Administrative Agent thereof (which notice may be by telephone), and the Administrative Agent shall forthwith notify each Bank (which notice may be by telephone promptly confirmed in writing) thereof. No later than the Administrative Agent's close of business on the date such notice is given (if notice is given by 2:00 P.M. Charlotte, North Carolina time) or 10:00 A.M. Charlotte, North Carolina time the following day (if notice is given after 2:00 P.M. Charlotte, North Carolina time or in the case of any Bank whose Applicable Lending Office is located in Europe), each Bank will pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of such Issuing Bank, in immediately available funds, an amount equal to such Bank's Pro Rata Share of the unreimbursed portion of such payment by such Issuing Bank. Amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Issuing Bank shall be forthwith transferred, in immediately available funds, to such Issuing Bank. If and to the extent that any Bank fails to make such payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Issuing Bank on such date, such Bank shall pay such amount on demand, together with interest, for such Issuing Bank's own account, for each day from and including the
Payment by Banks on Account of Unreimbursed Draws
Section
2.03(a)
 
date such payment is due from such Bank to such Issuing Bank to but not including the date of repayment to such Issuing Bank (before and after judgment) at a rate per annum for each day (i) from and including the date such payment is due from such Bank to such Issuing Bank to and including the second Business Day thereafter equal to the Federal Funds Rate and (ii) thereafter equal to the Base Rate. For avoidance of doubt, it is understood and agreed by the Banks that Letters of Credit issued prior to the Expiration Date may, by their terms, remain outstanding after the Expiration Date and that the obligations of the Banks to make payments under this shall continue from and after the Expiration Date until the expiration or termination of all Letters of Credit, subject to and in accordance with the terms hereof.
Section 2.02(f)
(g) . The term "" is used in this Agreement in accordance with the meanings set forth in this . The making of any payment by an Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit is sometimes referred to herein as the making of a Letter of Credit Advance by such Issuing Bank in the amount of such payment. The making of any payment by a Bank for the account of an Issuing Bank under on account of an unreimbursed drawing on a Letter of Credit is sometimes referred to herein as the making of a Letter of Credit Advance to the Applicable Account Party by such Bank. The making of such a Letter of Credit Advance by a Bank with respect to an unreimbursed drawing on a Letter of Credit shall reduce, by a like amount, the outstanding Letter of Credit Advance of the Issuing Bank with respect to such unreimbursed drawing.
Letter of Credit Advances
Letter of Credit Advance
Section 2.02(g)
Section 2.02(f)
(h) . Each Issuing Bank will furnish to the Administrative Agent prompt written notice of each issuance or renewal of a Letter of Credit (including the Available Amount and expiration date thereof), amendment to a Letter of Credit, cancellation of a Letter of Credit and payment on a Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent will furnish (A) to each Bank prior to the fifteenth Business Day of each calendar quarter a written report summarizing issuance, renewal and expiration dates of Letters of Credit issued or renewed during the preceding calendar quarter and payments and reductions in Available Amount during such calendar quarter on all Letters of Credit and (B) to each Bank prior to the fifteenth Business Day of each calendar quarter a written report setting forth the average daily aggregate Available Amount during the preceding calendar quarter of all Letters of Credit.
Letter of Credit Reports
2.03 .
Repayment of Advances
(a) .
Account Parties' Reimbursement Obligation
(i) Each Account Party hereby agrees to reimburse each Issuing Bank (by making payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Issuing Bank in accordance with  ) in the amount of each payment made by each Issuing Bank under any Letter of Credit issued for such Account Party's account, such reimbursement to be made on the date such payment under such Letter of Credit is made by the Issuing Bank (but not earlier than one Business Day after notice of the drawing giving rise to such payment under such Letter of Credit is given to such Account Party). Such reimbursement obligation shall be payable without further notice, protest or demand, all of which are hereby waived, and an action therefor shall immediately accrue. To the extent such payment by such Account Party is not timely made as provided in the first sentence of this
Section
2.07
 
clause (i), such Account Party hereby agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the respective accounts of each Issuing Bank and the Banks which have funded their respective shares of such amount remaining unpaid by such Account Party, on demand, interest at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus 2%, for each day from and including the date on which the Applicable Account Party is to reimburse such Issuing Bank to, but excluding, the date such obligation is paid in full.
(ii) The obligation of each Account Party to reimburse each Issuing Bank for any payment made by each Issuing Bank under any Letter of Credit, and the obligation of each Bank under with respect thereto, shall be unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the applicable Letter of Credit Agreement and any other applicable agreement or instrument under all circumstances, including the following circumstances:
Section 2.02(f)
(A) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Loan Document, any Letter of Credit Agreement, any Letter of Credit or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto (all of the foregoing being, collectively, the "");
L/C Related Documents
(B) any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of, all or any of the obligations of any Account Party or any other Person in respect of any L/C Related Document or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to departure from all or any of the L/C Related Documents;
(C) the existence of any claim, set-off, defense or other right that any Account Party or any other Person may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of a Letter of Credit (or any Persons for which any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), any Issuing Bank or any other Person, whether in connection with the transactions contemplated by the L/C Related Documents or any unrelated transaction;
(D) any statement or any other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect;
(E) payment by any Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or certificate that does not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit;
(F) any exchange, release or non-perfection of any collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from the Guaranty or any other guarantee, for all or any of the obligations of any Account Party or any other Person in respect of the L/C Related Documents; or
 
(G) any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, including any other circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, any Account Party or a guarantor.
(b) . If any amount received by an Issuing Bank on account of any Letter of Credit Advance shall be avoided, rescinded or otherwise returned or paid over by such Issuing Bank for any reason at any time, whether before or after the termination of this Agreement (or such Issuing Bank believes in good faith that such avoidance, rescission, return or payment is required, whether or not such matter has been adjudicated), each Bank will (except to the extent a corresponding amount received by such Bank on account of its Letter of Credit Advance relating to the same payment on a Letter of Credit has been avoided, rescinded or otherwise returned or paid over by such Bank), promptly upon notice from the Administrative Agent or such Issuing Bank, pay over to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Issuing Bank its Pro Rata Share of such amount, together with its Pro Rata Share of any interest or penalties payable with respect thereto.
Rescission
2.04 . The Parent may, upon at least three Business Days' notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate in whole or reduce in part the unused portion of the LC Commitment Amounts; , , that each partial reduction (i) shall be in an aggregate amount of $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and (ii) shall be made ratably among the Banks in accordance with their LC Commitment Amounts.
Termination or Reduction of the LC Commitment Amounts
provided
however
2.05 .
Fees
(a) . The Account Parties jointly and severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Banks a commitment fee, from the Effective Date in the case of each Initial Bank and from the effective date specified in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Bank in the case of each other Bank until the Expiration Date, payable in arrears quarterly on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December commencing December 31, 2007 and on the Expiration Date, at the rate of the Applicable Commitment Fee Percentage on the average daily Unused LC Commitment Amount of each Bank during such quarter (or shorter period); , , that no commitment fee shall accrue on the LC Commitment Amount of a Defaulting Bank so long as such Bank shall be a Defaulting Bank.
Commitment Fee
provided
however
(b) . The Account Parties jointly and severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for its own account such fees as may from time to time be agreed between the Parent and the Administrative Agent.
Administrative Agent's Fees
(c) .
Letter of Credit Fees, Etc
(i) The Account Parties jointly and severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Bank a commission, payable in
 
arrears quarterly on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December commencing December 31, 2007, and on the Expiration Date, on such Bank's Pro Rata Share of the average daily aggregate Available Amount during such quarter (or shorter period) of all Letters of Credit outstanding from time to time at the rate equal to the then Applicable Margin.
(ii) The Account Parties jointly and severally agree to pay (x) to Wachovia, in its capacity as an Issuing Bank and for its own account, the facing fee referred to the Fee Letter, on the terms set forth therein, and (y) each Issuing Bank's customary issuance, presentation, amendment and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, relating to letters of credit as are from time to time in effect. With respect to each Existing Letter of Credit, the respective Issuing Bank shall be entitled to receive the fees and other amounts provided for under this (to the extent not previously paid to such Issuing Bank pursuant to the Existing Reimbursement Agreement) as if the Existing Letters of Credit were issued hereunder on the Effective Date.
Section 2.05(c)(ii)
2.06 .
Increased Costs, Etc
(a) If, due to either (i) the introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of, in each case after the date hereof, any law or regulation or (ii) the compliance with any guideline or request issued after the date hereof from any central bank or other governmental authority (whether or not having the force of law), there shall be any increase in the cost to any Bank of agreeing to issue or of issuing or maintaining or participating in Letters of Credit or the making of Letter of Credit Advances (excluding, for purposes of this , any such increased costs resulting from (x) Taxes or Other Taxes (as to which shall govern) and (y) changes in the basis of taxation of overall net income or overall gross income by the United States or by the foreign jurisdiction or state under the laws of which such Bank is organized or has its Applicable Lending Office or any political subdivision thereof), then the Account Parties jointly and severally agree to pay, from time to time, within five days after demand by such Bank (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent), which demand shall include a statement of the basis for such demand and a calculation in reasonable detail of the amount demanded, to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Bank additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Bank for such increased cost. A certificate as to the amount of such increased cost, submitted to the Account Parties by such Bank, shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.
Section 2.06
Section 2.08
(b) If, due to either (i) the introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of any law or regulation, in each case after the date hereof, or (ii) the compliance with any guideline or request issued after the date hereof from any central bank or other governmental authority (whether or not having the force of law), there shall be any increase in the amount of capital required or expected to be maintained by any Bank or any corporation controlling such Bank as a result of or based upon the existence of such Bank's commitment to lend hereunder and other commitments of such type, then, within five days after demand by such Bank or such corporation (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent), which demand shall include a statement of the basis for such demand and a calculation in reasonable detail of the amount demanded, the Account Parties jointly and severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for
 
the account of such Bank, from time to time as specified by such Bank, additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Bank in the light of such circumstances, to the extent that such Bank reasonably determines such increase in capital to be allocable to the existence of such Bank's commitment to issue or participate in Letters of Credit hereunder or to the issuance or maintenance of or participation in any Letters of Credit. A certificate as to such amounts submitted to the Account Parties by such Bank shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.
(c) Each Bank shall promptly notify the Account Parties and the Administrative Agent of any event of which it has actual knowledge which will result in, and will use reasonable commercial efforts available to it (and not, in such Bank's good faith judgment, otherwise disadvantageous to such Bank) to mitigate or avoid any obligation by the Account Parties to pay any amount pursuant to or above or pursuant to (and, if any Bank has given notice of any such event and thereafter such event ceases to exist, such Bank shall promptly so notify the Account Parties and the Administrative Agent). Without limiting the foregoing, each Bank will designate a different Applicable Lending Office if such designation will avoid (or reduce the cost to the Account Parties of) any event described in the preceding sentence and such designation will not, in such Bank's good faith judgment, be otherwise disadvantageous to such Bank.
Section 2.06(a)
2.06(b)
Section 2.08
(d) Notwithstanding the provisions of , or (and without limiting above), if any Bank fails to notify the Account Parties of any event or circumstance that will entitle such Bank to compensation pursuant to , or within 120 days after such Bank obtains actual knowledge of such event or circumstance, then such Bank shall not be entitled to compensation from the Account Parties for any amount arising prior to the date which is 120 days before the date on which such Bank notifies the Account Parties of such event or circumstance. For avoidance of doubt, it is noted that the term "Bank" as used in this and in other Sections of this Agreement includes the Issuing Banks in its capacity as such.
Section 2.06(a)
2.06(b)
2.08
Section 2.06(c)
Section 2.06(a)
2.06(b)
2.08
Section 2.06
2.07 .
Payments and Computations
(a) The Account Parties shall make each payment hereunder irrespective of any right of counterclaim or set-off (except as otherwise provided in ), not later than 11:00 A.M. (Charlotte, North Carolina time) on the day when due, in U.S. dollars, to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agent's Account in same day funds, with payments being received by the Administrative Agent after such time being deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day. The Administrative Agent will promptly thereafter cause like funds to be distributed (i) if such payment by such Account Party is in respect of principal, interest, commitment fees or any other amount then payable hereunder to more than one Bank, to such Banks for the account of their respective Applicable Lending Offices ratably in accordance with the amounts of such respective amount then payable to such Banks and (ii) if such payment by such Account Party is in respect of any amount then payable hereunder to one Bank, to such Bank for the account of its Applicable Lending Office, in each case to be applied in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Upon its acceptance of an Assignment and Acceptance and recording of the information contained therein in the Register pursuant to  , from and after the effective date of such Assignment and Acceptance, the Administrative Agent shall
Section 2.11
Section
9.07(d)
 
make all payments hereunder in respect of the interest assigned thereby to the Bank assignee thereunder, and the parties to such Assignment and Acceptance shall make all appropriate adjustments in such payments for periods prior to such effective date directly between themselves.
(b) Each Account Party hereby authorizes each Bank, if an Event of Default under   has occurred and is continuing, to charge from time to time against any or all of such Account Party's accounts with such Bank any amount that resulted in such Event of Default.
Section
6.01(a)
(c) All computations of interest on Letter of Credit Advances (and any other amount payable by reference to the Base Rate) when the Base Rate is determined by reference to Wachovia's prime rate shall be made by the Administrative Agent on the basis of a year of 365 days or, if applicable, 366 days; all other computations of interest, fees and Letter of Credit commissions shall be made by the Administrative Agent on the basis of a year of 360 days. All such computations shall be made for the actual number of days (including the first day but excluding the last day) occurring in the period for which such interest, fees or commissions are payable. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate, fee or commission hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.
(d) Whenever any payment hereunder shall be stated to be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day, and such extension of time shall in such case be included in the computation of payment of interest or fee, as the case may be.
2.08 .
Taxes
(a) Any and all payments by any Loan Party hereunder shall be made, in accordance with , free and clear of and without deduction for any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings, and all liabilities with respect thereto, excluding, in the case of each Bank and each Agent, taxes that are imposed on its overall net income by the United States and taxes that are imposed on its overall net income (and franchise taxes imposed in lieu thereof) by the state or foreign jurisdiction under the laws of which such Bank or such Agent, as the case may be, is organized or any political subdivision thereof and, in the case of each Bank, taxes that are imposed on its overall net income (and franchise taxes imposed in lieu thereof) by the state or foreign jurisdiction of such Bank's Applicable Lending Office or any political subdivision thereof (all such non-excluded taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges, withholdings and liabilities in respect of payments hereunder being herein referred to as ""). If any Loan Party shall be required by law to deduct any Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable hereunder or to any Bank or any Agent, (i) the sum payable by such Loan Party shall be increased as may be necessary so that after such Loan Party and the Administrative Agent have made all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this ) such Bank or such Agent, as the case may be, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) such Loan Party shall make all such deductions and (iii) such Loan Party shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant taxation authority or other authority in accordance with applicable law.
Section 2.07
Taxes
Section 2.08
 
(b) In addition, each Loan Party shall pay any present or future stamp, documentary, excise, property or similar taxes, charges or levies that arise from any payment made hereunder or from the execution, delivery or registration of, performance under, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document (herein referred to as "").
Other Taxes
(c) Each Loan Party shall indemnify each Bank and each Agent for and hold them harmless against the full amount of Taxes and Other Taxes, and for the full amount of taxes of any kind imposed by any jurisdiction on amounts payable under this , imposed on or paid by such Bank or such Agent (as the case may be) and any liability (including penalties, additions to tax, interest and expenses) arising therefrom or with respect thereto. This indemnification payment shall be made within 30 days from the date such Bank or such Agent (as the case may be) makes written demand therefor.
Section 2.08
(d) Within 30 days after the date of any payment of Taxes, each Loan Party shall furnish to the Administrative Agent, at its address referred to in  , the original or a certified copy of a receipt evidencing such payment. In the case of any payment hereunder by or on behalf of a Loan Party through an account or branch outside the United States or by or on behalf of a Loan Party by a payor that is not a United States person, if such Loan Party determines that no Taxes are payable in respect thereof, such Loan Party shall furnish, or shall cause such payor to furnish, to the Administrative Agent, at such address, an opinion of counsel acceptable to the Administrative Agent stating that such payment is exempt from Taxes. For purposes of this or , the terms "United States" and "United States person" shall have the meanings specified in Section 7701(a)(9) and 7701(a)(10) of the Internal Revenue Code, respectively.
Section
9.02
Section 2.08(d)
Section 2.08(e)
(e) Each Bank organized under the laws of a jurisdiction outside the United States shall, on or prior to the date of its execution and delivery of this Agreement in the case of each Initial Bank or each Issuing Bank, as the case may be, and on the date of the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it becomes a Bank in the case of each other Bank, and from time to time thereafter as requested in writing by the Parent (but only so long thereafter as such Bank remains lawfully able to do so), provide each of the Administrative Agent and the Parent with two original Internal Revenue Service forms W-8BEN or W-8ECI or (in the case of a Bank that has certified in writing to the Administrative Agent that it is not a "bank" as defined in Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code) form W-8 (and, if such Bank delivers a form W-8, a certificate representing that such Bank is not a "bank" for purposes of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code, is not a 10-percent shareholder (within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code) of the Parent and is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Parent (within the meaning of Section 864(d)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code)), as appropriate, or any successor or other form prescribed by the Internal Revenue Service, certifying that such Bank is exempt from or entitled to a reduced rate of United States withholding tax on payments pursuant to this Agreement or, in the case of a Bank providing a form W-8, certifying that such Bank is a foreign corporation, partnership, estate or trust. If the forms provided by a Bank at the time such Bank first becomes a party to this Agreement indicate a United States interest withholding tax rate in excess of zero, withholding tax at such rate shall be considered excluded from Taxes unless and until such Bank provides the appropriate forms certifying that a lesser rate applies, whereupon withholding tax at such lesser rate only shall be considered excluded from Taxes for periods governed by such forms; ,
provided
 
, that if, at the effective date of the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which a Bank becomes a party to this Agreement, the Bank assignor was entitled to payments under in respect of United States withholding tax with respect to interest paid at such date, then, to such extent, the term Taxes shall include (in addition to withholding taxes that may be imposed in the future or other amounts otherwise includable in Taxes) United States withholding tax, if any, applicable with respect to the Bank assignee on such date. If any form or document referred to in this requires the disclosure of information, other than information necessary to compute the tax payable and information required on the date hereof by Internal Revenue Service form W-8BEN, W-8ECI or W-8 (and the related certificate described above), that the Bank reasonably considers to be confidential, the Bank shall give notice thereof to the Parent and shall not be obligated to include in such form or document such confidential information.
however
Section 2.08(a)
Section 2.08(e)
(f) For any period with respect to which a Bank which may lawfully do so has failed to provide the Parent with the appropriate form described in above ( if such failure is due to a change in law occurring after the date on which a form originally was required to be provided or if such form otherwise is not required under above), such Bank shall not be entitled to indemnification under or with respect to Taxes imposed by the United States by reason of such failure; , , that should a Bank become subject to Taxes because of its failure to deliver a form required hereunder, the Parent shall take such steps as such Bank shall reasonably request to assist such Bank to recover such Taxes.
Section 2.08(e)
other than
Section 2.08(e)
Sections 2.08(a)
2.08(c)
provided
however
(g) Each Bank represents and warrants to the Account Parties that, as of the date such Bank becomes a party to this Agreement, such Bank is entitled to receive payments hereunder from the Account Parties without deduction or withholding for or on account of any Taxes.
2.09 . If any Bank shall obtain at any time any payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of set-off, or otherwise, other than as a result of an assignment pursuant to  ) (a) on account of obligations due and payable to such Bank hereunder at such time in excess of its ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such obligations due and payable to such Bank at such time to (ii) the aggregate amount of the obligations due and payable to all Banks hereunder at such time) of payments on account of the obligations due and payable to all Banks hereunder at such time obtained by all the Banks at such time or (b) on account of obligations owing (but not due and payable) to such Bank hereunder at such time in excess of its ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such obligations owing to such Bank at such time to (ii) the aggregate amount of the obligations owing (but not due and payable) to all Banks hereunder at such time) of payments on account of the obligations owing (but not due and payable) to all Banks hereunder at such time obtained by all of the Banks at such time, such Bank shall forthwith purchase from the other Banks such interests or participating interests in the obligations due and payable or owing to them, as the case may be, as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing Bank to share the excess payment ratably with each of them; , , that if all or any portion of such excess payment is thereafter recovered from such purchasing Bank, such purchase from each other Bank shall be rescinded and such other Bank shall repay to the purchasing Bank the purchase price to the extent of such Bank's ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the purchase price paid to such Bank to (ii) the aggregate purchase price
Sharing of Payments, Etc
Section
9.07
provided
however
 
paid to all Banks) of such recovery together with an amount equal to such Bank's ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such other Bank's required repayment to (ii) the total amount so recovered from the purchasing Bank) of any interest or other amount paid or payable by the purchasing Bank in respect of the total amount so recovered. Each Account Party agrees that any Bank so purchasing an interest or participating interest from another Bank pursuant to this may, to the fullest extent permitted by law, exercise all its rights of payment (including the right of set-off) with respect to such interest or participating interest, as the case may be, as fully as if such Bank were the direct creditor of such Account Party in the amount of such interest or participating interest, as the case may be.
Section 2.09
2.10 . The Letters of Credit shall be used for the general corporate purposes of the Account Parties and their respective Subsidiaries.
Use of Letters of Credit
2.11 .
Defaulting Banks
(a) In the event that, at any one time, (i) any Bank shall be a Defaulting Bank, (ii) such Defaulting Bank shall owe a Defaulted Amount to any Agent or any of the other Banks and (iii) any Account Party shall make any payment hereunder or under any other Loan Document to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Bank, then the Administrative Agent may, on its behalf or on behalf of such other Banks and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, apply at such time the amount so paid by such Account Party to or for the account of such Defaulting Bank to the payment of each such Defaulted Amount to the extent required to pay such Defaulted Amount. In the event that the Administrative Agent shall so apply any such amount to the payment of any such Defaulted Amount on any date, the amount so applied by the Administrative Agent shall constitute for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents payment, to such extent, of such Defaulted Amount on such date. Any such amount so applied by the Administrative Agent shall be retained by the Administrative Agent or distributed by the Administrative Agent to such other Banks, ratably in accordance with the respective portions of such Defaulted Amounts payable at such time to the Administrative Agent and such other Banks and, if the amount of such payment made by such Account Party shall at such time be insufficient to pay all Defaulted Amounts owing at such time to the Administrative Agent, such other Agents and such other Banks, in the following order of priority:
(i) , to the Agents for any Defaulted Amounts then owing to the Agents;
first
(ii) , to the Issuing Banks for any amount then due and payable to them, in their capacity as such, by such Defaulting Bank, ratably in accordance with such amounts then due and payable to the Issuing Banks; and
second
(iii) , to any other Banks for any Defaulted Amounts then owing to such other Banks, ratably in accordance with such respective Defaulted Amounts then owing to such other Banks.
third
 
Any portion of such amount paid by such Account Party for the account of such Defaulting Bank remaining, after giving effect to the amount applied by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this , shall be applied by the Administrative Agent as specified in .
Section 2.11(a)
Section 2.11(b)
(b) In the event that, at any one time, (i) any Bank shall be a Defaulting Bank, (ii) such Defaulting Bank shall not owe a Defaulted Amount and (iii) any Account Party, any Agent or other Bank shall be required to pay or distribute any amount hereunder or under any other Loan Document to or for the account of such Defaulting Bank, then such Account Party or such Agent or such other Bank shall pay such amount to the Administrative Agent to be held by the Administrative Agent, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in escrow and the Administrative Agent shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, hold in escrow such amount otherwise held by it. Any funds held by the Administrative Agent in escrow under this shall be deposited by the Administrative Agent in an account with Wachovia in the name and under the control of the Administrative Agent, but subject to the provisions of this . The terms applicable to such account, including the rate of interest payable with respect to the credit balance of such account from time to time, shall be Wachovia's standard terms applicable to escrow accounts maintained with it. Any interest credited to such account from time to time shall be held by the Administrative Agent in escrow under, and applied by the Administrative Agent from time to time in accordance with the provisions of, this . The Administrative Agent shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, apply all funds so held in escrow from time to time to the extent necessary to make any Advances required to be made by such Defaulting Bank and to pay any amount payable by such Defaulting Bank hereunder and under the other Loan Documents to the Administrative Agent or any other Bank, as and when such Advances or amounts are required to be made or paid and, if the amount so held in escrow shall at any time be insufficient to make and pay all such Advances and amounts required to be made or paid at such time, in the following order of priority:
Section 2.11(b)
Section 2.11(b)
Section 2.11(b)
(i) , to the Agents for any amounts then due and payable by such Defaulting Bank to the Agents hereunder;
first
(ii) , to the Issuing Banks for any amount then due and payable to them, in their capacity as such, by such Defaulting Bank, ratably in accordance with such amounts then due and payable to such Issuing Banks; and
second
(iii) , to any other Banks for any amount then due and payable by such Defaulting Bank to such other Banks hereunder, ratably in accordance with such respective amounts then due and payable to such other Banks.
third
In the event that any Bank that is a Defaulting Bank shall, at any time, cease to be a Defaulting Bank, any funds held by the Administrative Agent in escrow at such time with respect to such Bank shall be distributed by the Administrative Agent to such Bank and applied by such Bank to the obligations owing to such Bank at such time under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents ratably in accordance with the respective amounts of such obligations outstanding at such time.
 
(c) The rights and remedies against a Defaulting Bank under this are in addition to other rights and remedies that any Agent or any Bank may have against such Defaulting Bank with respect to any Defaulted Amount.
Section 2.11
2.12 . At any time any Bank is an Affected Bank, a Defaulting Bank or a Nonconsenting Bank, the Account Parties may, at their sole expense (including the assignment fee specified in ) and effort, replace such Affected Bank, Defaulting Bank or Nonconsenting Bank as a party to this Agreement with one or more other Banks and/or Eligible Assignees, and upon notice from the Account Parties such Affected Bank, Defaulting Bank or Nonconsenting Bank shall assign pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance, and without recourse or warranty, its LC Commitment Amount, its Letter of Credit Advances, its obligations to fund Letter of Credit payments, its participation in, and its rights and obligations with respect to, Letters of Credit, and all of its other rights and obligations hereunder to such other Banks and/or Eligible Assignees for a purchase price equal to the sum of the principal amount of the Letter of Credit Advances so assigned, all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, such Affected Bank's, Defaulting Bank's or Nonconsenting Bank's ratable share of all accrued and unpaid fees payable pursuant to and all other obligations owed to such Affected Bank hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) no Affected Bank, Defaulting Bank or Nonconsenting Bank shall be required to make any such assignment if, prior to its receipt of the notice from the Account Parties referred to in the foregoing sentence, as a result of a waiver or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Account Parties to require such assignment cease to apply, and (ii) no Nonconsenting Bank shall be required to make any such assignment if at the time of any such proposed assignment, any Default under this Agreement has occurred and is continuing.
Replacement of Affected Bank, Defaulting Bank or Nonconsenting Bank
Section 9.07(a)
Section 2.05
2.13 .
Certain Provisions Relating to the Issuing Banks and Letters of Credit
(a) . The representations, warranties and covenants by the Account Parties under, and the rights and remedies of each Issuing Bank under, any Letter of Credit Agreement relating to any Letter of Credit are in addition to, and not in limitation or derogation of, representations, warranties and covenants by the Account Parties under, and rights and remedies of each Issuing Bank and the Banks under, this Agreement and applicable law. Each Account Party acknowledges and agrees that all rights of each Issuing Bank under any Letter of Credit Agreement shall inure to the benefit of each Bank to the extent of its Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment and Letter of Credit Advances as fully as if such Bank was a party to such Letter of Credit Agreement. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of this Agreement and any Letter of Credit Agreement, this Agreement shall prevail.
Letter of Credit Agreements
(b) . The Issuing Banks shall have no duties or responsibilities to any Agent or any Bank except those expressly set forth in this Agreement, and no implied duties or responsibilities on the part of the Issuing Banks shall be read into this Agreement or shall otherwise exist. The duties and responsibilities of the Issuing Banks to the Banks and the Agents under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be mechanical and administrative in nature, and the Issuing Banks shall not have a fiduciary relationship in respect of any Agent, any Bank or any other Person. No Issuing Bank shall be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it under or in connection with this Agreement or any Loan Document or Letter of Credit, except to the extent resulting from its gross negligence or willful misconduct, as finally
Certain Provisions
 
determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. The Issuing Banks shall not be under any obligation to ascertain, inquire or give any notice to any Agent or any Bank relating to (i) the performance or observance of any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement or any other Loan Document on the part of any Account Party, (ii) the business, operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Account Parties or any other Person, or (iii) the existence of any Default. The Issuing Banks shall not be under any obligation, either initially or on a continuing basis, to provide any Agent or any Bank with any notices, reports or information of any nature, whether in its possession presently or hereafter, except for such notices, reports and other information expressly required by this Agreement to be so furnished. The Issuing Banks shall not be responsible for the execution, delivery, effectiveness, enforceability, genuineness, validity or adequacy of this Agreement or any Loan Document.
(c) . Each Issuing Bank may rely upon any notice or other communication of any nature (written, electronic or oral, including telephone conversations and transmissions through each Issuing Bank's remote access system, whether or not such notice or other communication is made in a manner permitted or required by this Agreement or any other Loan Document) purportedly made by or on behalf of the proper party or parties, and each Issuing Bank shall not have any duty to verify the identity or authority of any Person giving such notice or other communication. Each Issuing Bank may consult with legal counsel (including its in-house counsel or in-house or other counsel for the Account Parties), independent public accountants and any other experts selected by it from time to time, and each Issuing Bank shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts. Whenever an Issuing Bank shall deem it necessary or desirable that a matter be proved or established with respect to any Account Party, any Agent or any Bank, such matter may be established by a certificate of such Account Party, such Agent or such Bank, as the case may be, and such Issuing Bank may conclusively rely upon such certificate. An Issuing Bank shall not be deemed to have any knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default unless such Issuing Bank has received notice from a Bank, an Agent or an Account Party referring to this Agreement, describing such Default, and stating that such notice is a "notice of default".
Administration
(d) . Each Bank hereby agrees to reimburse and indemnify each Issuing Bank and each of its directors, officers, employees and agents (to the extent not reimbursed by the Account Parties and without limitation of the obligations of the Account Parties to do so), in accordance with its Pro Rata Share, from and against any and all amounts, losses, liabilities, claims, damages, expenses, obligations, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs or disbursements of any kind or nature (including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel (other than in-house counsel) for each Issuing Bank or such other Person in connection with any investigative, administrative or judicial proceeding commenced or threatened, whether or not each Issuing Bank or such other Person shall be designated a party thereto) that may at any time be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against each Issuing Bank, in its capacity as such, or such other Person, as a result of, or arising out of, or in any way related to or by reason of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any Letter of Credit, any transaction from time to time contemplated hereby or thereby, or any transaction financed in whole or in part or directly or indirectly with the proceeds of any Letter of Credit, , that no Bank shall be liable for any portion of such amounts, losses, liabilities, claims, damages, expenses, obligations, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs or disbursements to the
Indemnification of Issuing Banks by Banks
provided
 
extent resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of an Issuing Bank or such other Person, as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction.
(e) . With respect to its commitments and the obligations owing to it, each Issuing Bank shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement and each other Loan Document as any other Bank and may exercise the same as though it were not an Issuing Bank, and the term "Banks" and like terms shall include each Issuing Bank in its individual capacity as such. Each Issuing Bank and its affiliates may, without liability to account to any Person, make loans to, accept deposits from, acquire debt or equity interests in, act as trustee under indentures of, act as agent under other credit facilities for, and engage in any other business with, any Account Party and any stockholder, subsidiary or affiliate of any Account Party, as though such Issuing Bank were not an Issuing Bank hereunder.
Issuing Banks in their Individual Capacity
2.14 .
Downgrade Event with Respect to a Bank
(a) If a Downgrade Event shall occur with respect to (i) any Downgraded Bank or (ii) any other Bank and, as a result thereof, such other Bank becomes a Downgraded Bank, then the Administrative Agent may, by notice to such Downgraded Bank and the Parent within 45 days after such Downgrade Event (any such notice, a ""), request that the Account Parties use reasonable efforts to replace such Bank as a party to this Agreement pursuant to . If such Bank is not so replaced within 45 days after receipt by the Account Parties of such Downgrade Notice, (x) if no Default exists and such Downgraded Bank has not exercised its right to remain a Bank hereunder pursuant to clause (y) below, the following shall occur concurrently:
Downgrade Notice
Section 2.12
then
(i) the Committed Facility shall be reduced by the amount of the LC Commitment Amount of such Downgraded Bank,
(ii) the Account Parties shall prepay all amounts owed to such Downgraded Bank hereunder or in connection herewith,
(iii) if, upon the reduction of the Committed Facility under clause (i) above and the payment under clause (ii) above, the sum of the principal amount of all Advances plus the Available Amount of all Letters of Credit (valuing the Available Amount of, and Letter of Credit Advances of the Issuing Banks in respect of, any Non-Dollar Letter of Credit at the Dollar Equivalent thereof as of the time of such calculation) would exceed the amount of the Committed Facility, then the Account Parties will immediately eliminate such excess by paying Advances and/or causing the Available Amount of one or more Letters of Credit to be reduced, and
(iv) upon completion of the events described in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above, such Downgraded Bank shall cease to be a party to this Agreement;
or (y) if a Default exists or, not later than 30 days after receipt of such Downgrade Notice, such Downgraded Bank notifies the Account Parties, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent that such Downgraded Bank elects to provide (in a manner reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent) cash collateral to the Administrative Agent for (or if such Downgraded
 
Bank is unable, without regulatory approval, to provide cash collateral, a letter of credit reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent covering) its contingent obligations to reimburse each Issuing Bank for any payment under any Letter of Credit as provided in   (its ""), such Downgraded Bank shall be obligated to (and each Bank agrees that in such circumstances it will) deliver to the Administrative Agent (I) immediately, cash collateral (or, as aforesaid, a letter of credit) in an amount equal to its LC Participation Obligations and (II) from time to time thereafter (so long as it is a Downgraded Bank), cash collateral (or, as aforesaid, a letter of credit) sufficient to cover any increase in its LC Participation Obligations as a result of any proposed issuance of or increase in a Letter of Credit. Any funds provided by a Downgraded Bank for such purpose shall be maintained in segregated deposit accounts in the name of the Issuing Banks at the Administrative Agent's principal offices in the United States (each a ""). The funds so deposited in any Downgrade Account (or any drawing under such a letter of credit) shall be used only in accordance with the following provisions of this .
Section
2.02(f)
LC Participation Obligations
Downgrade Account
Section 2.14
(b) If any Downgraded Bank shall be required to fund its participation in a payment under a Letter of Credit pursuant to  , then the Administrative Agent shall apply the funds deposited in the applicable Downgrade Account by such Downgraded Bank (or any drawing under such a letter of credit) to fund such participation. The deposit of funds in a Downgrade Account by any Downgraded Bank (or any drawing under such a letter of credit) shall not constitute a Letter of Credit Advance (and the Downgraded Bank shall not be entitled to interest on such funds except as provided in below) unless and until (and then only to the extent that) such funds (or any drawing under such a letter of credit) are used by the Administrative Agent to fund the participation of such Downgraded Bank pursuant to the first sentence of this .
Section
2.02(f)
Section 2.14(c)
Section 2.14(b)
(c) Funds in a Downgrade Account shall be invested in such investments as may be agreed between the Administrative Agent and the applicable Downgraded Bank, and the income from such investments shall be distributed to such Downgraded Bank from time to time (but not less often than monthly) as agreed between the Administrative Agent and such Downgraded Bank. The Administrative Agent will (i) from time to time, upon request by a Downgraded Bank, release to such Downgraded Bank any amount on deposit in the applicable Downgrade Account in excess of the LC Participation Obligations of such Downgraded Bank (or, if applicable, not draw under any such letter of credit in excess of the L/C Participation Obligations of such Downgraded Bank) and (ii) upon the earliest to occur of (A) the effective date of any replacement of such Downgraded Bank as a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance, (B) the termination of such Downgraded Bank's LC Commitment Amount pursuant to or (C) the first Business Day after receipt by the Administrative Agent of evidence (reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) that such Bank is no longer a Downgraded Bank, release to such Bank all amounts on deposit in the applicable Downgrade Account (or, if applicable, return such letter of credit to such Bank for cancellation).
Section 2.14(a)
(d) At any time any Downgraded Bank is required to maintain cash collateral with the Administrative Agent pursuant to this , the Issuing Banks shall have no obligation to issue or increase any Letter of Credit unless such Downgraded Bank has provided sufficient funds as cash collateral to the Administrative Agent to cover all LC Participation Obligations of such Downgraded Bank (including in respect of the Letter of Credit to be issued or increased).
Section 2.14
 
2.15 .
Non-Dollar Letters of Credit
(a) The Account Parties, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Banks (i) agree that an Issuing Bank may (in its sole discretion), with the prior approval of the Administrative Agent, issue Letters of Credit ("") in currencies other than U.S. dollars and (ii) further agree as set forth in the following subsections of this with respect to such Non-Dollar Letters of Credit.
Non-Dollar Letters of Credit
Section 2.15
(b) The Account Parties agree that their reimbursement obligations under and any resulting Letter of Credit Advance, in each case in respect of a drawing under any Non-Dollar Letter of Credit, (i) shall be payable in Dollars at the Dollar Equivalent of such obligation in the currency in which such Non-Dollar Letter of Credit was issued (determined on the date of payment by the Account Parties or, in the event of payment by the Banks pursuant to , on the date of such payment by the Banks), and (ii) shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus 2%, for each day from and including the date on which the Applicable Account Party is to reimburse an Issuing Bank pursuant to to but excluding the date such obligation is paid in full.
Section 2.03(a)
Section 2.02(f)
Section 2.03(a)
(c) Each Bank agrees that its obligation to pay an Issuing Bank such Bank's Pro Rata Share of the unreimbursed portion of any payment by such Issuing Bank under in respect of a drawing under any Non-Dollar Letter of Credit shall be payable in Dollars at the Dollar Equivalent of such obligation in the currency in which such Non-Dollar Letter of Credit was issued (calculated on the date of payment), and any such amount which is not paid when due shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Overnight Rate , beginning on the third Business Day after such amount was due, 2%.
Section 2.02(f)
plus
(d) For purposes of determining whether there is availability for the Account Parties to request any Advance or to request the issuance or extension of, or any increase in, any Letter of Credit, the Dollar Equivalent amount of the Available Amount of each Non-Dollar Letter of Credit shall be calculated as of the date such Advance is to be made or such Letter of Credit is to be issued, extended or increased.
(e) For purposes of determining the letter of credit fee under , the Dollar Equivalent amount of the Available Amount of any Non-Dollar Letter of Credit shall be determined on each of (i) the date of an issuance, extension or change in the Available Amount of such Non-Dollar Letter of Credit, (ii) the date of any payment by an Issuing Bank in respect of a drawing under such Non-Dollar Letter of Credit, (iii) the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December and (iv) each day on which the LC Commitment Amounts are to be reduced pursuant to (it being understood that no requested reduction shall be permitted to the extent that, after making a calculation pursuant to this , such reduction would be greater than the unused portion of the LC Commitment Amounts).
Section 2.05(c)
Section 2.04
Section 2.15(e)
(f) If, on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, the sum of the principal amount of all Advances plus the Available Amount of all Letters of Credit (valuing the Available Amount of, and Letter of Credit Advances in respect of, any Non-Dollar Letter of Credit at the Dollar Equivalent thereof as of such day) would exceed the amount of the
 
Committed Facility, then the Account Parties will immediately eliminate such excess by paying Advances and/or causing the Available Amount of one or more Letters of Credit to be reduced.
(g) If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due in respect of any Non-Dollar Letter of Credit in one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at which, in accordance with its normal banking procedures, Wachovia in its capacity as an Issuing Bank could purchase the first currency with such other currency on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given. The obligation of any Account Party in respect of any such sum due from it to any Issuing Bank or any Bank hereunder shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the "") other than that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement and the applicable Non-Dollar Letter of Credit (the ""), be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by such Issuing Bank or such Bank of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, such Issuing Bank or such Bank may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to such Issuing Bank or such Bank in the Agreement Currency, the Applicable Account Party agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify such Issuing Bank or such Bank, as applicable, against such loss. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is greater than the sum originally due to such Issuing Bank or such Bank in such currency, each Issuing Bank and each Bank agrees to return the amount of any excess to the Applicable Account Party (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under applicable law).
Judgment Currency
Agreement Currency
(h) For purposes of this , "" means, in relation to an amount denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars, the amount of U.S. dollars which could be purchased with such amount by Wachovia in its capacity as an Issuing Bank in accordance with its customary procedures (and giving effect to any transaction costs) at the quoted foreign exchange spot rate of Wachovia in its capacity as an Issuing Bank at the time of determination; and "" means, for any day, the rate of interest per annum at which overnight deposits in the applicable currency, in an amount approximately equal to the amount with respect to which such rate is being determined, would be offered for such day by Wachovia in its capacity as an Issuing Bank to major banks in the London or other applicable offshore interbank market. The Overnight Rate for any day which is not a Business Day (or on which dealings are not carried on in the applicable offshore interbank market) shall be the Overnight Rate for the immediately preceding Business Day.
Section 2.15
Dollar Equivalent
Overnight Rate
2.16 .
Increase of LC Commitment Amounts
(a) From time to time subsequent to the Effective Date, the Account Parties jointly may, upon at least five days' notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly provide a copy of such notice to the Banks), propose to increase the aggregate amount of the LC Commitment Amounts by an amount which (i) is $25,000,000 or a higher integral multiple of $5,000,000, with respect to any such request, and (ii) when aggregated with all prior increases in the LC Commitment Amounts pursuant to this is not in excess of $500,000,000. The Borrowers may increase the aggregate LC Commitment Amounts by (i) agreeing with any Bank to increase its LC Commitment Amount hereunder, (ii) having another bank or other banks
Section 2.16
 
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks (each, an "") become party to this Agreement or (iii) a combination of the procedures described in clauses (i) and (ii) of this sentence.
Additional Bank
(b) An increase in the aggregate amount of the LC Commitment Amounts pursuant to this shall become effective upon the receipt by the Administrative Agent of an agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent signed by the Account Parties, by each Additional Bank and by each other Bank whose LC Commitment Amount is to be increased, setting forth the new LC Commitment Amounts of such Banks and setting forth the agreement of each Additional Bank to become a party to this Agreement and to be bound by all the terms and provisions hereof, together with such evidence of appropriate corporate authorization on the part of the Account Parties with respect thereto and such opinions of counsel for the Account Parties with respect thereto as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. At the time of any increase in the aggregate LC Commitment Amount pursuant to this , the Account Parties shall represent (i) that, immediately before and after such increase is made, no Default under this Agreement has occurred and is continuing and (ii) that the representations and warranties of the Account Parties contained in the Loan Documents are true in all material respects on and as of the date such increase is made, except for such representations or warranties which by their terms are made as of a specified date, which shall be true and correct as of such specified date.
Section 2.16
Section 2.16
3.01 . The occurrence of the Effective Date, and the obligation of the Issuing Banks to issue any Letter of Credit on the Effective Date, is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent:
Conditions Precedent to Effective Date
(a) The Administrative Agent shall have received the following, each dated the Effective Date (unless otherwise specified), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (unless otherwise specified) and in sufficient copies for each Bank:
(i) Certified copies of the resolutions of the Board of Directors of each Loan Party approving the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents and each Loan Document to which it is or is to be a party, and of all documents evidencing other necessary corporate action and governmental and other third party approvals and consents, if any, with transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents and each Loan Document to which it is or is to be a party.
(ii) A certificate of each Loan Party, signed on behalf of such Loan Party by the Chairman, any Vice Chairman, any Deputy Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Operating Officer, the President or any Vice President (or equivalent officer) of such Loan Party and its Secretary or any Assistant Secretary (the statements made in which certificate shall be true on and as of the Effective Date), certifying as to (1) the truth of the representations and warranties contained in the Loan Documents as though made
 
on and as of the Effective Date and (2) the absence of any event occurring and continuing, or resulting from the Effective Date, that constitutes a Default.
(iii) A certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of each Loan Party certifying the names and true signatures of the officers of such Loan Party authorized to sign each Loan Document to which it is or is to be a party and the other documents to be delivered hereunder and thereunder.
(iv) Favorable opinions of (1) Maples and Calder, Cayman Islands counsel for the Parent, in substantially the form of hereto and as to such other matters as any Bank through the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, (2) Mayer Brown LLP, New York counsel for the Loan Parties, in substantially the form of hereto and as to such other matters as any Bank through the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, and (3) Conyers Dill & Pearman, Bermuda counsel for ACE Bermuda, Tempest Life and Tempest, in substantially the form of hereto and as to such other matters as any Bank through the Administrative Agent may reasonably request.
Exhibit B-1
Exhibit B-2
Exhibit B-3
(b) There shall exist no action, suit, investigation, litigation or proceeding affecting any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries pending or threatened before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator that (x) would be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (y) would reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or the other transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents.
(c) No development or change shall have occurred after December 31, 2006, and no information shall have become known after such date, that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(d) The Account Parties shall have paid all accrued fees of the Administrative Agent and the Banks and all accrued expenses of the Administrative Agent (including the accrued fees and expenses of counsel to the Administrative Agent and local counsel on behalf of all of the Banks), in each case to the extent then due and payable.
(e) The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence satisfactory to it that all obligations of any Account Party outstanding under the Existing Reimbursement Agreement and Existing Secured Reimbursement Agreement (other than fees and expenses of Wachovia's counsel) have been repaid and satisfied in full and all commitments to lend thereunder shall have been terminated.
3.02 . The obligation of the Issuing Banks to issue, extend or increase a Letter of Credit (including any issuance on the Effective Date) shall be subject to the further conditions precedent that on the date of such issuance, extension or increase (a) the following statements shall be true (and each request for issuance, extension, or increase, and the acceptance by the Account Party that requested such issuance, extension or increase shall constitute a representation and warranty
Conditions Precedent to Each Issuance, Extension or Increase of a Letter of Credit
 
by such Account Party that both on the date of such notice and on the date of such issuance, extension or increase such statements are true):
(i) the representations and warranties contained in each Loan Document are correct in all material respects on and as of such date, before and after giving effect to such issuance, extension or increase, as though made on and as of such date, other than any such representations or warranties that, by their terms, refer to a specific date other the date of such issuance, extension or increase, in which case as of such specific date (, , that the representation and warranty contained in the last sentence of shall be excluded from this clause (i) at all times after (but shall be included on and as of) the Effective Date); and
provided
however
Section 4.01(g)
(ii) no Default has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such issuance, extension or increase;
and (b) the Administrative Agent shall have received such other approvals, opinions or documents as any Bank or any Issuing Bank through the Administrative Agent may reasonably request.
3.03 . For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in , each Bank shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to the Banks unless an officer of the Administrative Agent responsible for the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents shall have received notice from such Bank prior to the Effective Date specifying its objection thereto, that such Bank has been given at least one Business Day's notice that the final form of such document or matter is available for its review.
Determinations Under Section 3.01
Section 3.01
provided
4.01 . Each Account Party represents and warrants as follows:
Representations and Warranties of the Account Parties
(a) Each Loan Party and each of its Material Subsidiaries (i) is duly organized or formed, validly existing and, to the extent such concept applies, in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation, except, in the case of any Material Subsidiary other than an Account Party, where the failure to do so would not be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) is duly qualified and in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each other jurisdiction in which it owns or leases property or in which the conduct of its business requires it to so qualify or be licensed except where the failure to so qualify or be licensed would not be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect and (iii) has all requisite power and authority (including all governmental licenses, permits and other approvals) to own or lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as now
 
conducted and as proposed to be conducted, except where the failure to have any license, permit or other approval would not be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(b) All of the outstanding Equity Interests in each Account Party (other than the Parent) have been validly issued, are fully paid and non-assessable and (except for any Preferred Securities issued after the date of this Agreement) are owned, directly or indirectly, by the Parent free and clear of all Liens.
(c) The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which it is or is to be a party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, are within such Loan Party's corporate powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and do not (i) contravene such Loan Party's constitutional documents, (ii) violate any law, rule, regulation (including Regulation X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award, (iii) conflict with or result in the breach of, or constitute a default under, any contract, loan agreement, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, lease or other instrument binding on or affecting any Loan Party, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their properties or (iv) result in or require the creation or imposition of any Lien upon or with respect to any of the properties of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries. No Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of any such law, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award or in breach of any such contract, loan agreement, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, lease or other instrument, the violation or breach of which would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(d) No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body or any other third party is required for (i) the due execution, delivery, recordation, filing or performance by any Loan Party of any Loan Document to which it is or is to be a party or the other transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, or (ii) the exercise by the Administrative Agent or any Bank of its rights under the Loan Documents, except for the authorizations, approvals, actions, notices and filings which have been duly obtained, taken, given or made and are in full force and effect, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws of general application relating to creditors' rights and to general principles of equity.
(e) This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document when delivered hereunder will have been, duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party thereto. This Agreement is, and each other Loan Document when delivered hereunder will be, the legal, valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party thereto, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms.
(f) There is no action, suit, investigation, litigation or proceeding affecting any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, including any Environmental Action, pending or, to such Loan Party's knowledge, threatened before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator that (i) would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) would reasonably be expected to affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents.
 
(g) The Consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at December 31, 2006, and the related Consolidated statements of income and of cash flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year then ended, accompanied by an unqualified opinion of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent public accountants, and the Consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at June 30, 2007, and the related Consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the six months then ended, duly certified by the Chief Financial Officer of the Parent, copies of which have been furnished to each Bank, fairly present, subject, in the case of said balance sheet as at June 30, 2007, and said statements of income and cash flows for the six months then ended, to year-end audit adjustments, the Consolidated financial condition of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at such dates and the Consolidated results of operations of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the periods ended on such dates, all in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis (subject, in the case of the June 30, 2007 balance sheet and statements of income and cash flows, to the absence of footnotes). Since December 31, 2006, there has been no Material Adverse Change.
(h) No written information, exhibit or report furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party to any Agent or any Bank in connection with the negotiation and syndication of the Loan Documents or pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made therein not misleading as at the date it was dated (or if not dated, so delivered).
(i) Margin Stock constitutes less than 25% of the value of those assets of any Account Party which are subject to any limitation on sale, pledge or other disposition hereunder.
(j) Neither any Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries is an "investment company", or an "affiliated person" of, or "promoter" or "principal underwriter" for, an "investment company", as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940. Neither the making of any Advances, nor the issuance of any Letters of Credit, nor the application of the proceeds or repayment thereof by any Account Party, nor the consummation of the other transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, will violate any provision of such Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder.
(k) Each Loan Party is, individually and together with its Subsidiaries, Solvent.
(l) Except to the extent that any and all events and conditions under clauses (i) through (v) below of this in the aggregate are not reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect:
Section 4.01(l)
(i) Neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred or is reasonably expected to incur any Withdrawal Liability to any Multiemployer Plan.
(ii) With respect to each scheme or arrangement mandated by a government other than the United States (a "") and with respect to each employee benefit plan that is not subject to United States law
Foreign Government Scheme or Arrangement
 
maintained or contributed to by any Loan Party or with respect to which any Subsidiary of any Loan Party may have liability under applicable local law (a ""):
Foreign Plan
(A) Any employer and employee contributions required by law or by the terms of any Foreign Government Scheme or Arrangement or any Foreign Plan have been made, or, if applicable, accrued, in accordance with normal accounting practices.
(B) The fair market value of the assets of each funded Foreign Plan, the liability of each insurer for any Foreign Plan funded through insurance or the book reserve established for any Foreign Plan, together with any accrued contributions, is sufficient to procure or provide for the accrued benefit obligations, as of the date hereof, with respect to all current and former participants in such Foreign Plan according to the actuarial assumptions and valuations most recently used to account for such obligations in accordance with applicable generally accepted accounting principles.
(C) Each Foreign Plan required to be registered has been registered and has been maintained in good standing with applicable regulatory authorities.
(iii) During the twelve-consecutive-month period prior to the date of the execution and delivery of this Agreement and prior to the request for any Letter of Credit to be issued hereunder, no steps have been taken to terminate any Pension Plan, no contribution failure has occurred with respect to any Pension Plan sufficient to give rise to a lien under section 302(f) of ERISA and no minimum funding waiver has been applied for or is in effect with respect to any Pension Plan. No condition exists or event or transaction has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur with respect to any Pension Plan which could result in any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate incurring any material liability, fine or penalty.
(iv) Each Pension Plan is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Internal Revenue Code and other federal or state laws.
(v) No assets of any Loan Party are or are deemed under applicable law to be "plan assets" within the meaning of Department of Labor Regulation 2510.3-101.
(m) In the ordinary course of its business, each Account Party reviews the effect of Environmental Laws on the operations and properties of such Account Party and its Subsidiaries, in the course of which it identifies and evaluates associated liabilities and costs (including any capital or operating expenditures required for clean-up or closure of properties presently or previously owned, any capital or operating expenditures required to achieve or maintain compliance with environmental protection standards imposed by law or as a condition of any
 
license, permit or contract, any related constraints on operating activities, including any periodic or permanent shutdown of any facility or reduction in the level of or change in the nature of operations conducted thereat, and any actual or potential liabilities to third parties and any related costs and expenses). On the basis of this review, each Account Party has reasonably concluded that such associated liabilities and costs, including the costs of compliance with Environmental Laws, are unlikely to have a Material Adverse Effect. The operations and properties of each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries comply in all material respects with all applicable Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits, except for non-compliances which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; Hazardous Materials have not been released, discharged or disposed of on any property currently or formerly owned or operated by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and there are no Environmental Actions pending or threatened against any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, and no circumstances exist that could be reasonably likely to form the basis of any such Environmental Action, which (in either case), individually or in the aggregate with all other such pending or threatened actions and circumstances, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(n) Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries has filed, has caused to be filed or has been included in all material federal tax returns and all other material tax returns required to be filed and has paid all taxes shown thereon to be due, together with applicable interest and penalties, except to the extent contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings (in which case adequate reserves have been established therefor in accordance with GAAP).
(o) Set forth on hereto is a list of all Existing Letters of Credit.
Schedule II
(p) Neither any Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries is a Sanctioned Person.
(q) Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance in all material respects with the Patriot Act. No part of any payment under any Letter of Credit will be used, directly or indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977.
5.01 . So long as any Advance or any other obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall remain unpaid, any Letter of Credit shall be outstanding or any Bank shall have any Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment or commitment to issue a Letter of Credit hereunder, each Account Party will:
Affirmative Covenants
(a) Comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders, such compliance to include compliance with Environmental Laws, Environmental Permits, ERISA and the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Chapter of the Organized Crime Control Act of 1970, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Compliance with Laws, Etc.
 
(b) Pay and discharge, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to pay and discharge, before the same shall become delinquent, all material taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies imposed upon it or upon its property; , , that neither any Account Party nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to pay or discharge any such tax, assessment, charge or levy that is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and as to which appropriate reserves are being maintained.
Payment of Taxes, Etc.
provided
however
(c) . Maintain, and cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to maintain, insurance with responsible and reputable insurance companies or associations in such amounts and covering such risks as is usually carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in the same general areas in which the Parent or such Material Subsidiary operates (it being understood that the foregoing shall not apply to maintenance of reinsurance or similar matters which shall be solely within the reasonable business judgment of the Parent and its Subsidiaries).
Maintenance of Insurance
(d) Preserve and maintain, and cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to preserve and maintain, its existence, legal structure, legal name, rights (charter and statutory), permits, licenses, approvals, privileges and franchises; , , that (i) the Parent and its Subsidiaries may consummate any merger or amalgamation or consolidation permitted under , (ii) no Subsidiary (other than an Account Party) shall be required to preserve and maintain its existence, legal structure, legal names or other rights (charter and statutory) if the Board of Directors of a direct or indirect parent of such Subsidiary has determined that such action is not disadvantageous in any material respect to the Parent, such parent or the Banks, and (iii) neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to preserve any right, permit, license, approval, privilege or franchise if the Board of Directors of the Parent or such Subsidiary shall determine that the preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of the business of the Parent or such Subsidiary, as the case may be, and that the loss thereof is not disadvantageous in any material respect to the Parent, such Subsidiary or the Banks.
Preservation of Corporate Existence, Etc.
provided
however
Section 5.02(c)
(e) . At any reasonable time and from time to time upon not less than three Business Days prior notice, permit the Administrative Agent (upon request made by any Agent or any Bank), or any agents or representatives thereof, at the expense (so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing) of such Agent or such Bank, as the case may be, to examine and make copies of and abstracts from the records and books of account of, and visit the properties of, the Parent and any of its Subsidiaries, and to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Parent and any of its Subsidiaries with any of their officers or directors and with, so long as a representative of the Parent is present, their independent certified public accountants; that neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to disclose any information that it reasonably determines is entitled to the protection of attorney-client privilege.
Visitation Rights
provided
(f) . Keep, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to keep, proper books of record and account, in which full and correct entries shall be made of all financial transactions and the assets and business of the Parent and each such Subsidiary sufficient to permit the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP.
Keeping of Books
 
(g) Maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, all of its properties that are used or useful in the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Maintenance of Properties, Etc.
(h) . Conduct, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to conduct, all transactions otherwise permitted under the Loan Documents with any of their Affiliates (other than any such transactions between Loan Parties or wholly owned Subsidiaries of Loan Parties) on terms that are fair and reasonable and no less favorable than it would obtain in a comparable arm's-length transaction with a Person not an Affiliate.
Transactions with Affiliates
(i) . Ensure that at all times the claims of the Banks, the Issuing Banks and the Agents against it under the Loan Documents will rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for claims which are preferred by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application or are mandatorily preferred by law applying to insurance companies generally.
Pari Passu Ranking
(j) . (i) Cause each of its Subsidiaries that is a U.S. Person to have a compliance program that is reasonably designed to comply with OFAC's requirements; (ii) cause each of its Subsidiaries that is a Subsidiary of a U.S. Person to provide notice promptly to the Banks upon receiving a sanction on account of, or an inquiry from any Governmental Authority related to, a violation or potential violation of OFAC by such Subsidiary; (iii) not knowingly request the issuance of a letter of credit hereunder in favor of a beneficiary that is a Sanctioned Person or is organized under the laws of a Sanctioned Country; and (iv) take, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to take, to the extent commercially reasonable, such actions (including providing information) as are reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Bank in order to assist the Administrative Agent and the Banks in maintaining compliance with the Patriot Act.
OFAC, Patriot Act Compliance
(k) . Use commercially reasonable efforts to cause each Existing Letter of Credit issued by Barclays to be terminated (as a result of replacement or otherwise) not later than December 31, 2008.
Barclays Letters of Credit
5.02 Negative Covenants. So long as any Advance or any other obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall remain unpaid, any Letter of Credit shall be outstanding or any Bank shall have any Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment or commitment to issue a Letter of Credit hereunder, each of the Account Parties will not, at any time:
(a) . Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, any Lien on or with respect to any of its properties of any character (including accounts) whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or assign or permit any of its Subsidiaries to assign, any accounts or other right to receive income, except:
Liens, Etc
(i) Permitted Liens;
 
(ii) Liens described on hereto;
Schedule 5.02(a)
(iii) purchase money Liens upon any property acquired or held by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business to secure the purchase price of such property or to secure Debt incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition, construction or improvement of any property to be subject to such Liens, or Liens existing on any property at the time of acquisition or within 180 days following such acquisition (other than any such Liens created in contemplation of such acquisition that do not secure the purchase price), or extensions, renewals or replacements of any of the foregoing for the same or a lesser amount; , , that no such Lien shall extend to or cover any property other than the property being acquired, constructed or improved, and no such extension, renewal or replacement shall extend to or cover any property not theretofore subject to the Lien being extended, renewed or replaced;
provided
however
(iv) Liens arising in connection with Capitalized Leases; that no such Lien shall extend to or cover any assets other than the assets subject to such Capitalized Leases;
provided
(v) (A) any Lien existing on any asset of any Person at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary and not created in contemplation of such event, (B) any Lien on any asset of any Person existing at the time such Person is merged or consolidated with or into the Parent or any of it Subsidiaries in accordance with and not created in contemplation of such event and (C) any Lien existing on any asset prior to the acquisition thereof by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries and not created in contemplation of such acquisition;
Section 5.02(c)
(vi) Liens securing obligations under credit default swap transactions determined by reference to, or Contingent Obligations in respect of, Debt issued by the Parent or one of its Subsidiaries; such Debt not to exceed an aggregate principal amount of $550,000,000;
(vii) Liens arising in the ordinary course of its business which (A) do not secure Debt and (B) do not in the aggregate materially detract from the value of its assets or materially impair the use thereof in the operation of its business;
(viii) Liens on cash and Approved Investments securing Hedge Agreements arising in the ordinary course of business;
(ix) other Liens securing Debt or other obligations outstanding in an aggregate principal or face amount not to exceed at any time 5% of Consolidated Net Worth;
 
(x) Liens consisting of deposits made by the Parent or any insurance Subsidiary with any insurance regulatory authority or other statutory Liens or Liens or claims imposed or required by applicable insurance law or regulation against the assets of the Parent or any insurance Subsidiary, in each case in favor of policyholders of the Parent or such insurance Subsidiary or an insurance regulatory authority and in the ordinary course of the Parent's or such insurance Subsidiary's business;
(xi) Liens on Investments and cash balances of the Parent or any insurance Subsidiary (other than capital stock of any Subsidiary) securing obligations of the Parent or any insurance Subsidiary in respect of (i) letters of credit obtained in the ordinary course of business and/or (ii) trust arrangements formed in the ordinary course of business for the benefit of cedents to secure reinsurance recoverables owed to them by the Parent or any insurance Subsidiary;
(xii) the replacement, extension or renewal of any Lien permitted by clause (ii) or (v) above upon or in the same property theretofore subject thereto or the replacement, extension or renewal (without increase in the amount (other than in respect of fees, expenses and premiums, if any) or change in any direct or contingent obligor) of the Debt secured thereby;
(xiii) Liens securing obligations owed by any Loan Party to any other Loan Party or owed by any Subsidiary of the Parent (other than a Loan Party) to the Parent or any other Subsidiary;
(xiv) Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business in favor of financial intermediaries and clearing agents pending clearance of payments for investment or in the nature of set-off, banker's lien or similar rights as to deposit accounts or other funds;
(xv) judgment or judicial attachment Liens, that the enforcement of such Liens is effectively stayed;
provided
(xvi) Liens arising in connection with Securitization Transactions; that the aggregate principal amount of the investment or claim held at any time by all purchasers, assignees or other transferees of (or of interests in) receivables and other rights to payment in all Securitization Transactions (together with the aggregate principal amount of any other obligations secured by such Liens) shall not exceed U.S. $750,000,000;
provided
(xvii) Liens on securities arising out of repurchase agreements with a term of not more than three months entered into with "Lenders" (as such term is defined in the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of the date hereof among the Parent, ACE Bermuda, Tempest and ACE INA Holdings Inc., as borrowers, various financial institutions and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent) or their Affiliates or with securities dealers of recognized standing; that the aggregate amount of all assets of the Parent and its Subsidiaries subject to such agreements shall not at any time exceed $1,000,000,000; and
provided
 
(xviii) Liens securing up to an aggregate amount of $200,000,000 of obligations of the Parent or any wholly owned Subsidiary, arising out of catastrophe bond financing.
(b) . Make any material change in the nature of the business of the Parent and its Material Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as carried on at the date hereof.
Change in Nature of Business
(c) . Merge into or amalgamate or consolidate with any Person or permit any Person to merge into it, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do so, except that:
Mergers, Etc
(i) any Subsidiary of the Parent may merge into or amalgamate or consolidate with any other Subsidiary of the Parent, that, in the case of any such merger, amalgamation or consolidation, the Person formed by such merger, amalgamation or consolidation shall be a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Parent, that, in the case of any such merger, amalgamation or consolidation to which an Account Party is a party, the Person formed by such merger, amalgamation or consolidation shall be such Account Party;
provided
provided
further
(ii) any Subsidiary of any Account Party may merge into or amalgamate or consolidate with any other Person or permit any other Person to merge into, amalgamate or consolidate with it; that the Person surviving such merger, amalgamation or consolidation shall be a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Account Party;
provided
(iii) in connection with any sale or other disposition permitted under , any Subsidiary of the Parent may merge into or amalgamate or consolidate with any other Person or permit any other Person to merge into or amalgamate or consolidate with it; and
Section 5.02(d)
(iv) the Parent or any Account Party may merge into or amalgamate or consolidate with any other Person; that, in the case of any such merger, amalgamation or consolidation, the Person formed by such merger, amalgamation or consolidation shall be the Parent or such Account Party, as the case may be;
provided
, , that in each case, immediately after giving effect thereto, no event shall occur and be continuing that constitutes a Default.
provided
however
(d) . Sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of, or permit any other Account Party to sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of, all or substantially all of its assets (excluding sales of investment securities in the ordinary course of business).
Sales, Etc., of Assets
(e) . Make or permit, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to make or permit, any change in accounting policies or reporting practices, except as permitted by GAAP.
Accounting Changes
5.03 . So long as any Advance or any other obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall remain unpaid, any Letter of Credit shall be
Reporting Requirements
 
outstanding or any Bank shall have any Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment or commitment to issue a Letter of Credit hereunder, the Parent will furnish to the Agents and the Banks:
(a) . As soon as possible and in any event within five days after the occurrence of each Default or any event, development or occurrence reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect continuing on the date of such statement, a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Parent setting forth details of such Default, event, development or occurrence and the action that the Parent or the applicable Subsidiary has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto.
Default Notice
(b) .
Annual Financials
(i) As soon as available and in any event within 90 days after the end of each Fiscal Year (or, if earlier, within five Business Days after such date as the Parent is required to file its annual report on Form 10-K for such Fiscal Year with the Securities and Exchange Commission), a copy of the annual Consolidated audit report for such year for the Parent and its Subsidiaries, including therein a Consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Year and Consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Year, all reported on in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Securities and Exchange Commission in each case and accompanied by an opinion of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP or other independent public accountants of recognized standing reasonably acceptable to the Required Banks, together with (i) a certificate of the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer or Chief Compliance Officer of the Parent stating that no Default has occurred and is continuing, or if a Default has occurred and is continuing, a statement as to the nature thereof and the action that the Parent has taken a proposes to take with respect thereto, and (ii) a schedule in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent of the computations used by the Parent in determining, as of the end of such Fiscal Year, compliance with the covenants contained in .
Section 5.04
(ii) As soon as available and in any event within 120 days after the end of each Fiscal Year, a copy of the annual Consolidated audit report for such year for each Subsidiary Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, including therein a Consolidated balance sheet of such Subsidiary Guarantor and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Year and a Consolidated statement of income and a Consolidated statement of cash flows of such Subsidiary Guarantor and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, in each case accompanied by an opinion acceptable to the Required Banks of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP or other independent public accountants of recognized standing acceptable to the Required Banks.
(iii) As soon as available and in any event within 20 days after submission, each statutory statement of the Loan Parties (or any of them) in the form submitted to the Supervisor of Insurance, the Insurance Division of the Bermuda Monetary Authority.
 
(c) . As soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the end of each of the first three quarters of each Fiscal Year (or, if earlier, within five Business Days after such date as the Parent is required to file its quarterly report on Form 10-Q for such fiscal quarter with the Securities and Exchange Commission), Consolidated balance sheets of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such quarter and Consolidated statements of income and a Consolidated statement of cash flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal quarter and ending with the end of such fiscal quarter and Consolidated statements of income and a Consolidated statement of cash flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the period commencing at the end of the previous Fiscal Year and ending with the end of such quarter, setting forth in each case in comparative form the corresponding figures for the corresponding date or period of the preceding Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail and duly certified (subject to the absence of footnotes and normal year-end audit adjustments) by the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer or Chief Compliance Officer of the Parent as having been prepared in accordance with GAAP, together with (i) a certificate of said officer stating that no Default has occurred and is continuing or, if a Default has occurred and is continuing, a statement as to the nature thereof and the action that the Parent has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto and (ii) a schedule in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent of the computations used by the Parent in determining compliance with the covenants contained in .
Quarterly Financials
Section 5.04
(d) . Promptly after the commencement thereof, notice of all actions, suits, investigations, litigation and proceedings before any court or governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, affecting any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries of the type described in .
Litigation
Section 4.01(f)
(e) . Promptly after the sending or filing thereof, copies of all proxy statements, financial statements and reports that the Parent sends to its stockholders generally, copies of all regular, periodic and special reports, and all registration statements, that any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries files with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any governmental authority that may be substituted therefor, or with any national securities exchange.
Securities Reports
(f) .
ERISA
(i) . Promptly and in any event within 10 days after any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate institutes any steps to terminate any Pension Plan or becomes aware of the institution of any steps or any threat by the PBGC to terminate any Pension Plan, or the failure to make a required contribution to any Pension Plan if such failure is sufficient to give rise to a lien under section 302(f) of ERISA, or the taking of any action with respect to a Pension Plan which could result in the requirement that any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate furnish a bond or other security to the PBGC or such Pension Plan, or the occurrence of any event with respect to any Pension Plan which could result in any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate incurring any material liability,
ERISA Events
 
fine or penalty, or any material increase in the contingent liability of any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate with respect to any post-retirement Welfare Plan benefit, notice thereof and copies of all documentation relating thereto.
(ii) . Promptly upon request of any Agent or any Bank, copies of each Schedule B (Actuarial Information) to the annual report (Form 5500 Series) with respect to each Pension Plan.
Plan Annual Reports
(iii) . Promptly and in any event within 15 Business Days after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate from the sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan, copies of each notice concerning (A) the imposition of Withdrawal Liability by any such Multiemployer Plan, (B) the reorganization or termination, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA, of any such Multiemployer Plan or (C) the amount of liability incurred, or that may be incurred, by such Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate in connection with any event described in clause (A) or (B); , , that such notice and documentation shall not be required to be provided (except at the specific request of any Agent or any Bank, in which case such notice and documentation shall be promptly provided following such request) if such condition or event is not reasonably expected to result in any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate incurring any material liability, fine, or penalty.
Multiemployer Plan Notices
provided
however
(g) . Promptly after any Responsible Officer of the Parent obtains knowledge thereof, (i) a copy of any notice from the Bermuda Minister of Finance or the Registrar of Companies or any other person of the revocation, the suspension or the placing of any restriction or condition on the registration as an insurer of any Account Party under the Bermuda Insurance Act 1978 (and related regulations) or of the institution of any proceeding or investigation which could result in any such revocation, suspension or placing of such a restriction or condition, (ii) copies of any correspondence by, to or concerning any Loan Party relating to an investigation conducted by the Bermuda Minister of Finance, whether pursuant to Section 132 of the Bermuda Companies Act 1981 (and related regulations) or otherwise and (iii) a copy of any notice of or requesting or otherwise relating to the winding-up or any similar proceeding of or with respect to any Loan Party.
Regulatory Notices, Etc
(h) . Such other information respecting the business, condition (financial or otherwise), operations, performance, properties or prospects of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries as the Administrative Agent, or any Bank through the Administrative Agent, may from time to time reasonably request. Information required to be delivered pursuant to , , and shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which the Parent provides notice to the Administrative Agent that such information has been posted on the Parent's website on the Internet at the website address listed on the signature pages hereof, at or at another website identified in such notice and accessible by the Banks without charge; that (x) such notice may be included in a certificate delivered pursuant to or and (y) the Parent shall deliver paper copies of the information referred to in , , and to any Bank which requests such delivery.
Other Information
Sections 5.03(b)
5.03(c)
5.03(e)
sec.gov/edaux.searches.htm
provided
Section 5.03(b)(i)(A)
5.01(c)(i)
Sections 5.03(b)
5.03(c)
5.03(e)
 
5.04 . So long as any Advance or any other obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall remain unpaid, any Letter of Credit shall be outstanding or any Bank shall have any Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment or commitment to issue a Letter of Credit hereunder, the Parent will:
Financial Covenants
(a) . Maintain at all times a ratio of Adjusted Consolidated Debt to Total Capitalization of not more than 0.35 to 1.0.
Adjusted Consolidated Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio
(b) . Maintain at all times Consolidated Net Worth in an amount not less than the Minimum Amount. For this purpose, the "" is an amount equal to the sum of (i) the then-current Base Amount plus (ii) (A) 25% of Consolidated Net Income for each completed fiscal quarter of the Parent for which Consolidated Net Income is positive and that ends after the date on which the then-current Base Amount became effective and on or before the last day of the then-current Fiscal Year and (B) 50% of any increase in Consolidated Net Worth during such period attributable to the issuance of ordinary or preferred shares. The "" shall be $9,570,000,000 as of December 31, 2006 and shall be reset on the earlier of (A) the date of the delivery of the Parent's financial statements for any Fiscal Year pursuant to (beginning with the financial statements for the Fiscal Year ending December 31, 2007) and (B) March 30
Consolidated Net Worth
Minimum Amount
Base Amount
Section 5.03(b)(i)
th
of each Fiscal Year (beginning March 30
th
2008), to an amount equal to the greater of (x) 70% of Consolidated Net Worth as of the last day of the immediately preceding Fiscal Year and (y) the Minimum Amount in effect as of the last day of the immediately preceding Fiscal Year.
6.01 . If any of the following events ("") shall occur and be continuing:
Events of Default
Events of Default
(a) (i) any Account Party shall fail to pay any reimbursement obligation in respect of any Advance made by any Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit when and as the same shall become due and payable, or (ii) any Account Party shall fail to make any payment of interest on such Advance or of any other amount payable by such Account Party under any Loan Document, in each case under this clause (ii) within five Business Days after the same becomes due and payable; or
(b) any representation or warranty made by any Loan Party (or any of its officers) under or in connection with any Loan Document shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made; or
(c) any Account Party shall fail to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in , (with respect to the Parent), , or ; or
Section 2.10
5.01(d)
5.02
5.03(a)
5.04
(d) any Account Party shall fail to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in if such failure shall remain unremedied for five Business Days after written notice thereof shall have been given to such Loan Party by any Agent or any Bank; or
Section 5.01(e)
 
(e) any Loan Party shall fail to perform or observe any other term, covenant or agreement contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed if such failure shall remain unremedied for 30 days after the earlier of the date on which (i) a Responsible Officer becomes aware of such failure or (ii) written notice thereof shall have been given to such Loan Party by any Agent or any Bank; or
(f) the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to pay any Material Financial Obligation (but excluding Debt outstanding hereunder) of the Parent or such Subsidiary (as the case may be), when the same becomes due and payable (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise), and such failure shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the agreement or instrument relating to such Material Financial Obligation; or any other event shall occur or condition shall exist under any agreement or instrument relating to any such Material Financial Obligation and shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in such agreement or instrument, if the effect of such event or condition is to accelerate, or to permit the acceleration of, the maturity of such Material Financial Obligation or otherwise to cause, or to permit the holder thereof to cause, such Material Financial Obligation to mature; or any such Material Financial Obligation shall be declared to be due and payable or required to be prepaid or redeemed (other than by a regularly scheduled required prepayment or redemption), purchased or defeased, or an offer to prepay, redeem, purchase or defease such Material Financial Obligation shall be required to be made, in each case prior to the stated maturity thereof; or
(g) any Loan Party or any of its Significant Subsidiaries shall generally not pay its debts as such debts become due, or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or any proceeding shall be instituted by or against any Loan Party or any of its Significant Subsidiaries seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking liquidation, winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief, or composition of it or its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, or other similar official for it or for any substantial part of its property and, in the case of any such proceeding instituted against it (but not instituted by it) that is being diligently contested by it in good faith, either such proceeding shall remain undismissed or unstayed for a period of 60 days or any of the actions sought in such proceeding (including the entry of an order for relief against, or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for, it or any substantial part of its property) shall occur; or any Loan Party or any of its Significant Subsidiaries shall take any corporate action to authorize any of the actions set forth above in this ; or
Section 6.01(g)
(h) any final judgment or order for the payment of money in excess of $100,000,000 shall be rendered against any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries and either (i) enforcement proceedings shall have been commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order or (ii) there shall be any period of 30 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, shall not be in effect; or
 
(i) any provision in of this Agreement shall for any reason cease to be valid and binding on or enforceable against any Loan Party (other than as a result of a transaction permitted hereunder), or any such Loan Party shall so state in writing; or
Article VII
(j) a Change of Control shall occur; or
(k) Any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate shall incur or shall be reasonably expected to incur liability in excess of $25,000,000 in the aggregate with respect to any Pension Plan or any Multiemployer Plan in connection with the occurrence of any of the following events or existence of any of the following conditions:
(i) Institution of any steps by any Loan Party, any ERISA Affiliate or any other Person, including the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan if as a result of such termination a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate would reasonably expect to be required to make a contribution to such Pension Plan, or would reasonably expect to incur a liability or obligation; or
(ii) A contribution failure occurs with respect to any Pension Plan sufficient to give rise to a lien under section 302(f) of ERISA; or
(iii) Any condition shall exist or event shall occur with respect to a Pension Plan that is reasonably expected to result in any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate being required to furnish a bond or security to the PBGC or such Pension Plan, or incurring a liability or obligation; or
(l) any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate shall have been notified by the sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan that it has incurred Withdrawal Liability or a default, within the meaning of Section 4219(c)(5) of ERISA, has occurred with respect to such Multiemployer Plan which could cause any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate to incur a payment obligation in excess of $25,000,000;
then, and in any such event, the Administrative Agent (i) shall at the request, or may with the consent, of the Required Banks, by notice to the Account Parties, declare the obligation of the Issuing Banks to issue Letters of Credit to be terminated, whereupon the same shall forthwith terminate, and/or (ii) shall at the request, or may with the consent, of the Required Banks, by notice to the Account Parties, declare all amounts payable under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon all such amounts shall become and be forthwith due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Account Parties; , , that in the event of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to any Account Party under the federal Bankruptcy Code, (x) the obligation of the Issuing Banks to issue Letters of Credit shall automatically be terminated, (y) all such amounts shall automatically become and be due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or any notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Account Parties and (z) the obligation of the Account Parties to provide cash collateral under shall automatically become effective.
provided
however
Section 6.02
6.02 . If any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Administrative Agent may, or shall at the request of
Actions in Respect of the Letters of Credit upon Default
 
the Required Banks, after having taken any of the actions described in or otherwise, make demand upon the Account Parties to, and forthwith upon such demand the Account Parties will, pay to the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Banks in same day funds at the Administrative Agent's office designated in such demand, an amount equal to the aggregate Available Amount of all Letters of Credit then outstanding as cash collateral. If at any time during the continuance of an Event of Default the Administrative Agent determines that such funds are subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent and the Banks or that the total amount of such funds is less than the aggregate Available Amount of all Letters of Credit, the Account Parties will, forthwith upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay to the Administrative Agent, as additional cash collateral, an amount equal to the excess of (a) such aggregate Available Amount over (b) the total amount of funds, if any, that the Administrative Agent determines to be free and clear of any such right and claim. Upon the drawing of any Letter of Credit, such funds shall be applied to reimburse the Issuing Banks or Banks, as applicable, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
Section 6.01(ii)
7.01 .
The Guaranty
(a) Each Account Party hereby jointly and severally, unconditionally, absolutely and irrevocably guarantees the full and punctual payment (whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise) of all amounts payable by each of the other Account Parties under the Loan Documents including the principal of and interest (including, to the greatest extent permitted by law, post-petition interest) on reimbursement obligations owing by such other Account Parties pursuant to this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit and fees, expenses, indemnities or any other obligations, whether now existing or hereafter incurred, created or arising and whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, or due or to become due. Upon failure by an Account Party to pay punctually any such amount, each other Account Party agrees to pay forthwith on demand the amount not so paid at the place and in the manner specified in this Agreement.
(b) Each Account Party (other than the Parent), and by its acceptance of this Guaranty, the Administrative Agent and each other Bank, hereby confirms that it is the intention of all such Persons that this Guaranty and the obligations of each Account Party hereunder not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of Bankruptcy Law, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar foreign, federal or state law to the extent applicable to this Guaranty and the obligations of each Account Party (other than the Parent) hereunder. To effectuate the foregoing intention, the Administrative Agent, the other Banks and the Account Parties hereby irrevocably agree that the obligations of each Account Party (other than the Parent) under this at any time shall be limited to the maximum amount as will result in the obligations of such Account Party under this Guaranty not constituting a fraudulent transfer or conveyance.
Article VII
 
7.02 . The obligations of each Account Party under this shall be unconditional, absolute and irrevocable and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, shall not be released, discharged or otherwise affected by:
Guaranty Unconditional
Article VII
(i) any extension, renewal, settlement, compromise, waiver or release in respect of any obligation of any other obligor under any of the Loan Documents, by operation of law or otherwise;
(ii) any modification or amendment of or supplement to any of the Loan Documents;
(iii) any release, non-perfection or invalidity of any direct or indirect security for any obligation of any other obligor under any of the Loan Documents;
(iv) any change in the corporate existence, structure or ownership of any obligor, or any insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization or other similar proceeding affecting any other obligor or its assets or any resulting release or discharge of any obligation of any other obligor contained in any of the Loan Documents;
(v) the existence of any claim, set-off or other rights which any obligor may have at any time against any other obligor, the Administrative Agent, any Bank or any other corporation or person, whether in connection with any of the Loan Documents or any unrelated transactions, that nothing herein shall prevent the assertion of any such claim by separate suit or compulsory counterclaim;
provided
(vi) any invalidity or unenforceability relating to or against any other obligor for any reason of any of the Loan Documents, or any provision of applicable law or regulation purporting to prohibit the payment by any other obligor of principal interest or any other amount payable under any of the Loan Documents;
(vii) any law, regulation or order of any jurisdiction, or any other event, affecting any term of any obligation of the Banks' rights with respect thereto; or
(viii) any other act or omission to act or delay of any kind by any obligor, the Administrative Agent, any Bank or any other corporation or person or any other circumstance whatsoever which might, but for the provisions of this paragraph, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of or defense to an Account Party's obligations under this .
Article VII
7.03 . Each Account Party's obligations under this shall remain in full force and effect until the commitments of the Banks hereunder shall have terminated, no Letters of Credit shall be outstanding and all amounts payable by the other Account Parties under the Loan Documents shall have been paid in full. If at any time any payment of the principal of or interest on any reimbursement obligation or any other amount payable by an Account Party under the Loan
Discharge Only upon Payment in Full; Reinstatement in Certain Circumstances
Article VII
 
Documents is rescinded or must be otherwise restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of such Account Party or otherwise, each other Account Party's obligations under this with respect to such payment shall be reinstated as though such payment had been due but not made at such time.
Article VII
7.04 . Each Account Party irrevocably waives acceptance hereof, presentment, demand, protest and any notice not provided for herein, as well as any requirement that at any time any action be taken by any corporation or person against any other obligor or any other corporation or person.
Waiver by the Account Parties
7.05 . Each Account Party hereby unconditionally and irrevocably agrees not to exercise any rights that it may now have or hereafter acquire against any other Account Party, or any other insider guarantor that arise from the existence, payment, performance or enforcement of such Account Party's obligations under or in respect of this Guaranty or any other Loan Document, including any right of subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution or indemnification and any right to participate in any claim or remedy of any Bank against any other Account Party, any other Loan Party or any other insider guarantor or any collateral, whether or not such claim, remedy or right arises in equity or under contract, statute or common law, including the right to take or receive from any other Account Party, any other Loan Party or any other insider guarantor, directly or indirectly, in cash or other property or by set-off or in any other manner, payment or security on account of such claim, remedy or right, unless and until all amounts payable under this Guaranty shall have been paid in full in cash, no Letters of Credit shall be outstanding and the commitments of the Banks hereunder shall have expired or been terminated. If any amount shall be paid to any Account Party in violation of the immediately preceding sentence at any time prior to the latest of (a) the payment in full in cash of all amounts payable under this Guaranty, and (b) the Expiration Date, such amount shall be received and held in trust for the benefit of the Banks, shall be segregated from other property and funds of such Account Party and shall forthwith be paid or delivered to the Administrative Agent in the same form as so received (with any necessary endorsement or assignment) to be credited and applied to all amounts payable under this Guaranty, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents, or to be held as collateral for any amounts payable under this Guaranty thereafter arising. If (i) any Account Party shall make payment to any Bank of all or any amounts payable under this Guaranty, (ii) all amounts payable under this Guaranty shall have been paid in full in cash, and (iii) the Expiration Date shall have occurred, the Banks will, at such Account Party's request and expense, execute and deliver to such Account Party appropriate documents, without recourse and without representation or warranty, necessary to evidence the transfer by subrogation to such Account Party of an interest in the obligations resulting from such payment made by such Account Party pursuant to this Guaranty.
Subrogation
7.06 . If acceleration of the time for payment of any amount payable by any Account Party under any of the Loan Documents is stayed upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of such Account Party, all such amounts otherwise subject to acceleration under the terms of this Agreement shall nonetheless be payable by the other Account Parties under this forthwith on demand by the Administrative Agent made at the request of the requisite proportion of the Banks.
Stay of Acceleration
Article VII
 
7.07 . This Guaranty is a continuing guaranty and shall (a) remain in full force and effect until the latest of (i) the payment in full in cash of all amounts payable under this Guaranty and (ii) the Expiration Date, (b) be binding upon each Account Party, its successors and assigns and (c) inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Banks and their successors, transferees and assigns. Without limiting the generality of clause (c) of the immediately preceding sentence, any Bank may assign or otherwise transfer all or any portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or any portion of its Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment and the Advances owing to it) to any other Person, and such other Person shall thereupon become vested with all the benefits in respect thereof granted to such Bank herein or otherwise, in each case as and to the extent provided in .
Continuing Guaranty; Assignments
Section 9.07
8.01 . Each Bank (in its capacity as a Bank) hereby appoints and authorizes each Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers and discretion under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to such Agent by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. As to any matters not expressly provided for by the Loan Documents, no Agent shall be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act (in the case of the Administrative Agent) or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the instructions of the Required Banks or all the Banks where unanimity is required, and such instructions shall be binding upon all Banks; , , that no Agent shall be required to take any action that exposes such Agent to personal liability or that is contrary to this Agreement or applicable law. The Administrative Agent agrees to give to each Bank prompt notice of each notice given to it by any Account Party pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
Authorization and Action
provided
however
8.02 . Neither any Agent nor any of its respective directors, officers, agents or employees shall be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it or them under or in connection with the Loan Documents, except for its or their own gross negligence or willful misconduct. Without limitation of the generality of the foregoing, each Agent: (a) may consult with legal counsel (including counsel for any Loan Party), independent public accountants and other experts selected by it and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts; (b) makes no warranty or representation to any Bank and shall not be responsible to any Bank for any statements, warranties or representations (whether written or oral) made in or in connection with the Loan Documents; (c) shall not have any duty to ascertain or to inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of any Loan Document on the part of any Loan Party or to inspect the property (including the books and records) of any Loan Party; (d) shall not be responsible to any Bank for the due execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of, or the perfection or priority of any lien or security interest created or purported to be created under or in connection with, any Loan Document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto; and (e) shall
Agents' Reliance, Etc
 
incur no liability under or in respect of any Loan Document by acting upon any notice, consent, certificate or other instrument or writing (which may be by telegram or telecopy) reasonably believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent by the proper party or parties.
8.03 . With respect to its LC Commitment Amounts, and the Advances, each Agent shall have the same rights and powers under the Loan Documents as any other Bank and may exercise the same as though it were not an Agent; and the term "Bank" or "Banks" shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated, include each Agent in its individual capacity. Each Agent and its affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as trustee under indentures of, accept investment banking engagements from and generally engage in any kind of business with, any Loan Party, any of its Subsidiaries and any Person that may do business with or own securities of any Loan Party or any such Subsidiary, all as if such Agent were not an Agent and without any duty to account therefor to the Banks.
Agents and Affiliates
8.04 . Each Bank acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Bank and based on the financial statements referred to in and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Bank also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Bank and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement.
Bank Credit Decision
Section 4.01
8.05 .
Indemnification
(a) Each Bank severally agrees to indemnify each Agent and its officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors and Affiliates (to the extent not promptly reimbursed by the Account Parties) from and against such Bank's ratable share (determined as provided below) of any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever that may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against such Agent or any such other Person in any way relating to or arising out of the Loan Documents or any action taken or omitted by such Agent under the Loan Documents; , , that no Bank shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from such Agent's or other Person's gross negligence or willful misconduct. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Bank agrees to reimburse each Agent promptly upon demand for its ratable share of any costs and expenses (including fees and expenses of counsel) payable by the Account Parties under , to the extent that such Agent is not promptly reimbursed for such costs and expenses by the Account Parties.
provided
however
Section 9.04
(b) For purposes of this , the Banks' respective ratable shares of any amount shall be determined, at any time, according to the sum of (i) the aggregate principal amount of the Advances outstanding at such time and owing to the respective Banks, (ii) their respective Pro Rata Shares of the aggregate Available Amounts of all Letters of Credit outstanding at such time and (iii) their respective Unused LC Commitment Amounts at such time. The failure of any Bank to reimburse any Agent promptly upon demand for its ratable share of any amount required to be paid by the Banks to such Agent as provided herein shall not relieve any other Bank of its obligation hereunder to reimburse such Agent for its ratable share of
Section 8.05
 
such amount, but no Bank shall be responsible for the failure of any other Bank to reimburse such Agent for such other Bank's ratable share of such amount. Without prejudice to the survival of any other agreement of any Bank hereunder, the agreement and obligations of each Bank contained in this shall survive the payment in full of principal, interest and all other amounts payable hereunder and under the other Loan Documents.
Section 8.05
8.06 . Any Agent may resign at any time by giving written notice thereof to the Banks and the Parent. Upon any such resignation or removal of the Administrative Agent, the Required Banks shall have the right to appoint a successor Administrative Agent, subject (so long as no Event of Default exists) to the consent of the Parent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). If no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed by the Required Banks, and shall have accepted such appointment, within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent's giving of notice of resignation or the Required Banks' removal of the retiring Administrative Agent, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Banks, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which shall be a commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States or of any State thereof and having a combined capital and surplus of at least $250,000,000. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor Administrative Agent such successor Administrative Agent shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, discretion, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents. If within 45 days after written notice is given of the retiring Administrative Agent's resignation or removal under this no successor Administrative Agent shall have been appointed and shall have accepted such appointment, then on such 45
Successor Administrative Agent
Section 8.06
th
day (i) the retiring Administrative Agent's resignation or removal shall become effective, (ii) the retiring Administrative Agent shall thereupon be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents and (iii) the Required Banks shall thereafter perform all duties of the retiring Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents until such time, if any, as the Required Banks appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided above. After any retiring Agent's resignation or removal hereunder as Agent shall have become effective, the provisions of this shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Agent under this Agreement. If Bank of America ceases to be a Bank hereunder, it shall be deemed to have resigned as Syndication Agent and no replacement shall be appointed.
Article VIII
9.01 . No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, nor consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by Wachovia in its capacity as an Issuing Bank and the Required Banks (and, in the case of an amendment, the Parent), and then any such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; , , that no amendment, waiver or consent shall:
Amendments, Etc
provided
however
(a) unless in writing and signed by all of the Banks (other than any Bank that is, at such time, a Defaulting Bank), do any of the following at any time: (i) waive any of the conditions specified in or, in the case of the Effective Date,
Section 3.01
 
, (ii) change the number of Banks or the percentage of (x) the LC Commitment Amounts, (y) the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Advances or (z) the aggregate Available Amount of outstanding Letters of Credit that, in each case, shall be required for the Banks or any of them to take any action hereunder, (iii) reduce or limit the obligations of any Account Party under or release such Account Party or otherwise limit such Account Party's liability with respect to the obligations owing to the Agents and the Banks, (iv) amend this or any of the definitions herein that would have such effect, (v) extend the Expiration Date, (vi) limit the liability of any Loan Party under any of the Loan Documents or (vii) change or waive any provision of or any other provision of this Agreement requiring the ratable treatment of the Banks;
Section 3.02
Section 7.01
Section 9.01
Section 2.07(a)
(b) unless in writing and signed by each affected Bank, do any of the following at any time: (i) increase the LC Commitment Amounts of the Banks or subject the Banks to any additional obligations, (ii) reduce the principal of, or interest on, any reimbursement obligation or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder, or increase any Bank's LC Commitment Amount, or (iii) postpone any date fixed for any payment of principal of, or interest on, any reimbursement obligation or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder;
that no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by an Agent in addition to the Banks required above to take such action, affect the rights or duties of such Agent under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents and no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by an Issuing Bank in addition to the Banks above required to take such action, affect the rights or duties of such Issuing Bank under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents.
provided
further
9.02 . All notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing (including telegraphic or telecopy communication) and mailed, telegraphed, telecopied or delivered, if to any Account Party, at its address set forth below on the signature pages hereof; if to any Initial Bank, at its Domestic Lending Office specified in its Administrative Questionnaire; if to any other Bank, at its Domestic Lending Office specified in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Bank; if to Wachovia (in its capacity as Issuing Bank) at its address at 401 Linden Street, Mail Code NC-6034, Winston-Salem, North Carolina 27101, Attn: International Operations  Standby Letter of Credit Department, Telecopy No. (336) 735-0952; and if to the Administrative Agent, at its address at 1525 West WT Harris Blvd., Building 3A2, NC0680, Charlotte, North Carolina 28288, Attn: Syndication Agency Services, Telecopy No. (704) 590-3481, with a copy to Will Goley, Director, 301 South College Street, 15
Notices, Etc
th
Floor NC5562, Charlotte, NC 28288, Telecopy No. (704) 383-7611; or, as to any party, at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties. All such notices and communications shall, when mailed, telegraphed or telecopied, be effective when deposited in the mails, delivered to the telegraph company or transmitted by telecopier, respectively, except that notices and communications to the Administrative Agent pursuant to , or shall not be effective until received by the Administrative Agent. Manual delivery by telecopier of an executed counterpart of any
Article II
III
VIII
 
amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or of any Exhibit hereto to be executed and delivered hereunder shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart thereof.
9.03 . No failure on the part of any Bank or any Agent to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.
No Waiver; Remedies
9.04 .
Costs and Expenses
(a) Each of the Account Parties agrees to pay on demand (i) all reasonable and documented costs and expenses of the Agents, the Joint Lead Arrangers and Wachovia, in its capacity as an Issuing Bank, in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification and amendment of the Loan Documents (including (A) all due diligence, collateral review, syndication, transportation, computer, duplication, appraisal, audit, insurance, consultant, search, filing and recording fees and expenses and (B) the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of a single counsel for the Administrative Agent and Wachovia in its capacity as an Issuing Bank with respect thereto, with respect to advising the Administrative Agent as to its rights and responsibilities, or the perfection, protection or preservation of rights or interests, under the Loan Documents, with respect to negotiations with any Loan Party or with other creditors of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries arising out of any Default or any events or circumstances that may give rise to a Default and with respect to presenting claims in or otherwise participating in or monitoring any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar proceeding involving creditors' rights generally and any proceeding ancillary thereto); and (ii) all reasonable and documented costs and expenses of each Agent, each Issuing Bank and each Bank in connection with the enforcement of the Loan Documents, whether in any action, suit or litigation, or any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar proceeding affecting creditors' rights generally (including the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and each Bank with respect thereto); provided that the Account Parties shall only be obligated to pay the fees and expenses of a single counsel for the Banks (as opposed to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks) unless, and to the extent that, such counsel reasonably determines that a conflict requires the engagement of additional counsel.
(b) Each of the Account Parties jointly and severally agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Agent, each Joint Lead Arranger, each Issuing Bank, each Bank and each of their Affiliates and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and advisors (each, an "") from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable and documented fees and expenses of counsel) that may be incurred by or asserted or awarded against any Indemnified Party, in each case arising out of or in connection with or by reason of (including, without limitation, in connection with any investigation, litigation or proceeding or preparation of a defense in connection therewith) this Agreement, the actual or proposed use of the proceeds of the Advances, the Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated thereby, except to the extent such claim, damage, loss, liability or expense is found in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful
Indemnified Party
 
misconduct of such Indemnified Party or any of its Affiliates; provided that the Account Parties shall only be obligated to pay the fees and expenses of a single counsel for the Indemnified Parties (other than the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks, which may engage separate counsel) unless, and to the extent that, such counsel reasonably determines that a conflict requires the engagement of additional counsel. In the case of an investigation, litigation or other proceeding to which the indemnity in this applies, such indemnity shall be effective whether or not such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by any Loan Party, its directors, shareholders or creditors or an Indemnified Party or any Indemnified Party is otherwise a party thereto and whether or not the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents are consummated. Each of the Account Parties also agrees not to assert any claim against any Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger, any Bank or any of their Affiliates, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, attorneys and agents, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages arising out of or otherwise relating to the credit facilities provided hereunder, the actual or proposed use of the proceeds of the Advances or the Letters of Credit, the Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents.
Section 9.04(b)
(c) Without prejudice to the survival of any other agreement of any Loan Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document, the agreements and obligations of the Account Parties contained in and this shall survive the payment in full of principal, interest and all other amounts payable hereunder and under any of the other Loan Documents.
Section 2.07
Section 9.04
9.05 . Upon (a) the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default and (b) the making of the request or the granting of the consent specified by to authorize the Administrative Agent to declare amounts owing hereunder to be due and payable pursuant to the provisions of , each Agent and each Bank and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and otherwise apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other indebtedness at any time owing by such Agent, such Bank or such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of any Account Party against any and all of the obligations of such Account Party now or hereafter existing under the Loan Documents, irrespective of whether such Agent or such Bank shall have made any demand under this Agreement and although such obligations may be unmatured. Each Agent and each Bank agrees promptly to notify each Account Party after any such set-off and application; , , that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. The rights of each Agent and each Bank and their respective Affiliates under this are in addition to other rights and remedies (including, without limitation, other rights of set-off) that such Agent, such Bank and their respective Affiliates may have.
Right of Set-off
Section 6.01
Section 6.01
provided
however
Section 9.05
9.06 . This Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by each Account Party, each Issuing Bank and each Agent and the Administrative Agent shall have been notified by each Initial Bank that such Initial Bank has executed it and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each Account Party, each Agent, each Issuing Bank and each Bank and their respective successors and assigns, except that no Account Party shall have the right to assign its rights hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of the Banks.
Binding Effect
 
9.07 .
Assignments and Participations
(a) Each Bank may, and so long as no Default shall have occurred and be continuing, if demanded by any Account Party (following a demand by such Bank pursuant to ) upon at least five Business Days notice to such Bank and the Administrative Agent, will, assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, all or a portion of its LC Commitment Amount, its Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment and the Letter of Credit Advances owing to it); , , that (i) each such assignment shall be of a uniform, and not a varying, percentage of all rights and obligations of such Bank hereunder, except for any non-pro rata assignment made by a Downgraded Bank after a request by the Administrative Agent pursuant to (and any subsequent non-pro rata assignment of the interest so assigned or by the Downgraded Bank) and any other non-pro rata assignment approved by the Administrative Agent and any Account Party, (ii) except in the case of an assignment to a Person that, immediately prior to such assignment, was (x) a Bank or an Affiliate of any Bank, the aggregate amount of the LC Commitment Amounts being assigned to such Eligible Assignee pursuant to such assignment (determined as of the date of the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment) shall in no event be less than $1,000,000 unless it is an assignment of the entire amount of such assignor's LC Commitment Amount, or (y) not a Bank or an Affiliate of any Bank, the aggregate amount of the LC Commitment Amounts being assigned to such Eligible Assignee pursuant to such assignment (determined as of the date of the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment) shall in no event be less than $5,000,000 unless it is an assignment of the entire amount of such assignor's LC Commitment Amount, (iii) each such assignment shall be to an Eligible Assignee, (iv) each assignment made as a result of a demand by any Account Party pursuant to shall be arranged by such Account Party after consultation with the Administrative Agent and shall be either an assignment of all of the rights and obligations of the assigning Bank under this Agreement or an assignment of a portion of such rights and obligations made concurrently with another such assignment or other such assignments that together cover all of the rights and obligations of the assigning Bank under this Agreement, (v) no Bank shall be obligated to make any such assignment as a result of a demand by any Account Party pursuant to unless and until such Bank shall have received one or more payments from either such Account Party or other Eligible Assignees in an aggregate amount at least equal to the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Advances made by such Bank, together with accrued interest thereon to the date of payment of such principal amount and all other amounts payable to such Bank under this Agreement, (vi) as a result of such assignment, no Account Party shall be subject to additional amounts under or and (vii) the parties to each such assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent, for its acceptance and recording in the Register, an Assignment and Acceptance, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500.
Section 2.12
provided
however
Section 2.14
Section 2.12
Section 2.12
Section 2.06
2.08
(b) Upon such execution, delivery, acceptance and recording, from and after the effective date specified in such Assignment and Acceptance, (i) the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned to it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of a Bank,
 
hereunder and (ii) the Bank assignor thereunder shall, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned by it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, relinquish its rights (other than its rights under , and to the extent any claim thereunder relates to an event arising prior to such assignment and any other rights that are expressly provided hereunder to survive) and be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all of the remaining portion of an assigning Bank's rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Bank shall cease to be a party hereto).
Sections 2.06
2.08
9.04
(c) By executing and delivering an Assignment and Acceptance, each Bank assignor thereunder and each assignee thereunder confirm to and agree with each other and the other parties thereto and hereto as follows: (i) other than as provided in such Assignment and Acceptance, such assigning Bank makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with any Loan Document or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of, or the perfection or priority of any lien or security interest created or purported to be created under or in connection with, any Loan Document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto; (ii) such assigning Bank makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to the financial condition of any Loan Party or the performance or observance by any Loan Party of any of its obligations under any Loan Document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto; (iii) such assignee confirms that it has received a copy of this Agreement, together with copies of the financial statements referred to in and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into such Assignment and Acceptance; (iv) such assignee will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent, such assigning Bank or any other Bank and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement; (v) such assignee confirms that it is an Eligible Assignee; (vi) such assignee appoints and authorizes each Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers and discretion under the Loan Documents as are delegated to such Agent by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto; and (vii) such assignee agrees that it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations that by the terms of this Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Bank.
Section 4.01
(d) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose (but only for this purpose) as the agent of the Account Parties, shall maintain at its address referred to in a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to and accepted by it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Banks and the LC Commitment Amount of, and principal amount of the Advances owing to, each Bank from time to time (the ""). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error, and the Account Parties, the Agents and the Banks shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as a Bank hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by any Account Party or any Agent or any Bank at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.
Section 9.02
Register
 
(e) Upon its receipt of an Assignment and Acceptance executed by an assigning Bank and an assignee, the Administrative Agent shall, if such Assignment and Acceptance has been completed and is in substantially the form of hereto, (i) accept such Assignment and Acceptance, (ii) record the information contained therein in the Register and (iii) give prompt notice thereof to the Parent and to the parties to such Assignment and Acceptance.
Exhibit A
(f) Each Bank may sell participations to one or more Persons (other than any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates) in or to all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, all or a portion of its LC Commitment Amount, its Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment and the Advances owing to it; , , that (i) such Bank's obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, its Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment) shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Bank shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, (iii) the Account Parties, the Agents and the other Banks shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Bank in connection with such Bank's rights and obligations under this Agreement and (iv) no participant under any such participation shall have any right to approve any amendment or waiver of any provision of any Loan Document, or any consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, except to the extent that such amendment, waiver or consent would reduce the principal of, or interest on, reimbursement obligations or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder, in each case to the extent subject to such participation, postpone any date fixed for any payment of principal of, or interest on, the reimbursement obligations or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder, in each case to the extent subject to such participation. Each Bank shall, as agent of the Account Parties solely for the purposes of this , record in book entries maintained by such Bank, the name and amount of the participating interest of each Person entitled to receive payments in respect of any participating interests sold pursuant to this .
provided
however
Section 9.07
Section 9.07
(g) Any Bank may, in connection with any assignment or participation or proposed assignment or participation pursuant to this , disclose to the assignee or participant or proposed assignee or participant any information relating to any Account Party furnished to such Bank by or on behalf of any Account Party; , however, that, prior to any such disclosure, the assignee or participant or proposed assignee or participant shall agree to preserve the confidentiality of any Confidential Information received by it from such Bank.
Section 9.07
provided
(h) Notwithstanding any other provision set forth in this Agreement, any Bank may at any time create a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including, without limitation, the Advances owing to it) in favor of any Federal Reserve Bank in accordance with Regulation A of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.
9.08 . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by telecopier shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement.
Execution in Counterparts
 
9.09 . Each Account Party assumes all risks of the acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee of any Letter of Credit with respect to its use of such Letter of Credit. Neither an Issuing Bank nor any of its officers, directors, employees or agents shall be liable or responsible for: (a) the use that may be made of any Letter of Credit or any acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee in connection therewith; (b) the validity, sufficiency or genuineness of documents, or of any endorsement thereon, even if such documents should prove to be in any or all respects invalid, insufficient, fraudulent or forged; (c) payment by such Issuing Bank against presentation of documents that do not strictly comply with the terms of a Letter of Credit, including failure of any documents to bear any reference or adequate reference to the Letter of Credit; or (d) any other circumstances whatsoever in making or failing to make payment under any Letter of Credit, except that such Account Party shall have a claim against such Issuing Bank, and such Issuing Bank shall be liable to such Account Party, to the extent of any direct, but not consequential, damages suffered by such Account Party that such Account Party proves were caused by (i) such Issuing Bank's willful misconduct or gross negligence as determined in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction in determining whether documents presented under any Letter of Credit comply with the terms of the Letter of Credit or (ii) such Issuing Bank's willful failure to make lawful payment under a Letter of Credit after the presentation to it of a draft and certificates strictly complying with the terms and conditions of the Letter of Credit. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the Issuing Banks may accept documents that appear on their face to be in order, without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary.
No Liability of the Issuing Banks
9.10 . Neither any Agent nor any Bank shall disclose any Confidential Information to any Person without the consent of the Parent, other than (a) to such Agent's or such Bank's Affiliates and their officers, directors, employees, agents and advisors, to actual or prospective Eligible Assignees and participants, and to any direct, indirect, actual or prospective counterparty (and its advisor) to any swap, derivative or securitization transaction related to the obligations under this Agreement, and in each case then only on a confidential basis, (b) as required by any law, rule or regulation or judicial process, (c) as requested or required by any state, federal or foreign authority or examiner regulating such Bank or pursuant to any request of any self-regulatory body having or claiming authority to regulate or oversee any aspect of a Bank's business of that of any of its Affiliates and (d) to any rating agency when required by it, that, prior to any such disclosure, such rating agency shall undertake to preserve the confidentiality of any Confidential Information relating to the Loan Parties received by it from such Bank. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the information subject to this shall not include, and the Administrative Agent and each Bank may disclose to any and all Persons, without limitation of any kind, any information with respect to the "tax treatment" and "tax structure" (in each case, within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4) of the transactions contemplated hereby or by any of the other Loan Documents and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to the Administrative Agent or such Bank relating to such tax treatment and tax structure (it being understood that this authorization is retroactively effective to the commencement of the first discussions between or among any of the parties regarding the transactions contemplated hereby or by any of the other Loan Documents); that with respect to any document or similar item that in either case contains information concerning such tax treatment or tax structure as well as other information, this sentence shall only apply to such portions of the document or similar item that relate to such tax treatment or tax structure.
Confidentiality
provided
Section 9.10
provided
 
9.11 .
Jurisdiction, Etc
(a) Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of any New York State court or federal court of the United States of America sitting in New York City, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in any such New York State court or, to the extent permitted by law, in such federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement shall affect any right that any party may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents in the courts of any jurisdiction.
(b) Each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to which it is a party in any New York State or federal court. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.
(c) Each of the Account Parties hereby irrevocably appoints Mayer Brown LLP, with offices on the Effective Date at 1675 Broadway, New York, New York, 10019, USA as its agent to receive, accept and acknowledge for and on its behalf services of any and all legal process, summons, notices and documents which may be served in any such action or proceeding. If for any reason such agent shall cease to be available to act as such, the Account Parties agree to promptly designate a new agent satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, to receive, accept and acknowledge for and on its behalf service of any and all legal process, summons, notices and documents which may be served in any such action or proceeding pursuant to the terms of this . In the event that any Borrower shall fail to designate such new agent, service of process in any such action or proceeding may be made on such Account Party by the mailing of copies thereof by express or overnight mail or courier, postage prepaid, to such Account Party at its address set forth opposite its signature below.
Section 9.11
9.12 . This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.
Governing Law
9.13 . Each of the Account Parties, the Agents and the Banks irrevocably waives all right to trial by jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim (whether based on contract, tort or otherwise) arising out of or relating to any of the Loan Documents, the Advances or the actions of any Agent or any Bank in the negotiation, administration, performance or enforcement thereof.
Waiver of Jury Trial
 
9.14 . Each Account Party agrees and consents to the Administrative Agent's disclosure of information relating to this transaction to and other similar bank trade publications. Such information will consist of deal terms and other information customarily found in such publications. The Parent shall have the right to review and approve any such disclosure made by the Administrative Agent before such disclosure is made (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld).
Disclosure of Information
Gold Sheets
9.15 . Upon the Effective Date, (i) the Existing Reimbursement Agreement shall be deemed amended and restated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and (ii) any bank or financial institution party to the Existing Reimbursement Agreement that is not a Bank under this Agreement shall be released from all of its obligations under the Existing Reimbursement Agreement and shall have no obligations under this Agreement.
Certain Effective Date Matters
9.16 . The terms and conditions of the Existing Reimbursement Agreement are amended as set forth in, and restated in their entirety and superseded by, this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to be a novation of any of the obligations and liabilities existing under the Existing Reimbursement Agreement. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or instrument executed in connection herewith, the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the incurrence of obligations and liabilities hereunder shall be in substitution for, but not in payment of, the obligations and liabilities owed by the Borrower under the Existing Reimbursement Agreement. From and after the Closing Date, each reference to the "Agreement", "Reimbursement Agreement" or other reference originally applicable to the Existing Reimbursement Agreement contained in any Loan Document shall be a reference to this Agreement.
No Novation
 
, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE dated as of ____________, 20___ between ________________________ (the "") and ________________________ (the ""), and [consented to and] accepted by Wachovia Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (the "")[, and ACE Limited (the "")].
Assignor
Assignee
Administrative Agent
Parent
WHEREAS, this Assignment and Acceptance (the "") relates to the Second Amended and Restated Reimbursement Agreement dated as of ___________, 2007 among the Parent and other Account Parties party thereto, the Assignor and the other Banks party thereto, the Syndication Agent party thereto and the Administrative Agent, providing for a $1,000,000,000 unsecured letter of credit facility for the benefit of the Account Parties (as amended or otherwise modified from time to time, the "");
Agreement
Reimbursement Agreement
WHEREAS, as provided under the Reimbursement Agreement, the Assignor has a commitment to participate in Letters of Credit and make Letter of Credit Advances to the Account Parties in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed $_______________;
WHEREAS, Letters of Credit with a total amount available for drawing thereunder of $_______________ are outstanding at the date hereof;
WHEREAS, Letter of Credit Advances made to the Account Parties by the Assignor under the Reimbursement Agreement in the aggregate principal amount of $___________ are outstanding at the date hereof; and
WHEREAS, the Assignor proposes to assign to the Assignee all of the rights of the Assignor under the Reimbursement Agreement and the other Loan Documents in respect of a portion of its LC Commitment Amount thereunder in an amount equal to $____________ (the ""), together with a corresponding portion of its outstanding Letter of Credit Participating Interest, Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment, LC Participation Obligations, Letter of Credit Exposure, and Letter of Credit Advances, if any, and the Assignee proposes to accept assignment of such rights and assume the corresponding obligations from the Assignor on such terms.
Assigned Amount
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:
1. . All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Reimbursement Agreement.
Definitions
2. . The Assignor hereby assigns and sells to the Assignee all of the rights of the Assignor under the Reimbursement Agreement and the other Loan Documents to the extent of the Assigned Amount, and the Assignee hereby accepts such assignment from the Assignor and assumes all of the obligations of the Assignor under the Reimbursement Agreement to the extent of the Assigned Amount, including the outstanding Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment and Letter of Credit Exposure, and the amount of the Letter of Credit Advances, if any, outstanding at the date hereof. Upon the execution and delivery hereof by the Assignor, the Assignee[, the Administrative Agent and the Parent] and the payment of the amounts specified in Section 3 required to be paid on the date hereof (i) the Assignee shall, as of the date hereof, succeed to the rights and be obligated to perform the obligations of a Bank under the Reimbursement Agreement with an LC Commitment Amount (in addition to any LC Commitment Amount theretofore held by it) equal to the Assigned Amount, and (ii) the LC Commitment Amount of the Assignor shall, as of the date hereof, be reduced by a like amount and the Assignor shall be released from its obligations under the Reimbursement Agreement to the extent such obligations have been assumed by the Assignee. The assignment provided for herein shall be without recourse to the Assignor.
Assignment
3. . As consideration for the assignment and sale contemplated in Section 2 hereof, the Assignee shall pay to the Assignor on the date hereof the amount heretofore agreed between them.
Payments
1
It is understood that commitment and Letter of Credit fees accrued to the date hereof in respect of the Assigned Amount are for the account of the Assignor and such fees accruing from and including the date hereof are for the account of the Assignee. Each of the Assignor and the Assignee hereby agrees that if it receives any amount under the Reimbursement Agreement which is for the account of the other party hereto, it shall receive the same for the account of such other party to the extent of such other party's interest therein and shall promptly pay the same to such other party.
4. . Pursuant to the Reimbursement Agreement, this Agreement is conditioned upon the consent of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing, the Parent. The execution of this Agreement by the Administrative Agent and, if applicable, the Parent is evidence of this consent.]
[Consent of the Administrative Agent and the Parent
5. . The Assignor makes no representation or warranty in connection with, and shall have no responsibility with respect to, the solvency, financial condition or statements of the Account Parties or any of their respective Subsidiaries, or the validity and enforceability of the obligations of the Account Parties or any of their respective Subsidiaries in respect of any Loan Document. The Assignee acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance on the Assignor, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement and will continue to be responsible for making its own independent appraisal of the business, affairs and financial condition of the Account Parties and their respective Subsidiaries.
Non-Reliance on Assignor
6. . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.
Governing Law
7. . This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument.
Counterparts
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered by their duly authorized officers as of the date first above written.
 

EXHIBIT 10.2
 
 
 
 
 
SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of November 8, 2007 among ACE Limited, a Cayman Islands company (the ""), ACE Bermuda Insurance Ltd. (""), ACE Tempest Reinsurance Ltd. ("") and ACE INA Holdings Inc. ("") (ACE Bermuda, ACE Tempest and ACE INA, together with the Parent, the ""), the banks, financial institutions and other institutional lenders listed on the signature pages hereof as the Initial Lenders (the ""), Barclays Capital, the investment banking division of Barclays Bank PLC (""), as syndication agent (together with any successor syndication agent appointed pursuant to Article 8, the ""), Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Lloyds TSB Bank plc, as co-documentation agents (together with any successor documentation agent appointed pursuant to Article 8, the ""), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (""), as administrative agent (together with any successor administrative agent appointed pursuant to Article 8, the "" and, together with the Syndication Agent and the Co-Documentation Agents, the "") for the Lenders (as hereinafter defined) and J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. and Barclays as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners.
Parent
ACE Bermuda
ACE Tempest
ACE INA
Borrowers
Initial Lenders
Barclays
Syndication Agent
Co-Documentation Agents
JPMCB
Administrative Agent
Agents
WHEREAS, certain of the parties hereto have previously entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of December 15, 2005 (as previously amended, the "");
Existing Agreement
WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, no Loans are outstanding under the Existing Agreement;
WHEREAS, the parties hereto have agreed to amend and restate the Existing Agreement in its entirety to read as set forth below;
NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:
Section 1.01As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined):
. Certain Defined Terms.
"" with respect to any outstanding or proposed Letter of Credit means the Borrower for the account of which such Letter of Credit was or is proposed to be issued.
Account Party
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
ACE Bermuda
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
ACE INA
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
ACE Tempest
"" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.22.
Additional Lender
"" means, at any time, an amount equal to (i) the then outstanding Consolidated Debt of the Parent and its Subsidiaries plus (ii) to the extent exceeding an amount equal to 15% of Total Capitalization, the then issued and outstanding amount of Preferred Securities (other than any Mandatorily Convertible Preferred Securities).
Adjusted Consolidated Debt
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Administrative Agent
"" means the account of the Administrative Agent maintained by the Administrative Agent with JPMCB, at its office at 270 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10017, Account No. 323222587, Attention: Loan Agency Group, or such other account as the Administrative Agent shall specify in writing to the Lenders.
Administrative Agent's Account
"" means, with respect to each Lender, an administrative questionnaire in the form prepared by the Administrative Agent, completed by such Lender and returned to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Borrowers).
Administrative Questionnaire
"" means a Committed Advance, a Competitive Bid Advance, a Letter of Credit Advance or a Swingline Advance.
Advance
"" means any Lender that (i) has made, or notified any Borrower that an event or circumstance has occurred which may give rise to, a demand for compensation under Section 2.11(a) or (b) or Section 2.13 (but only so long as the event or circumstance giving rise to such demand or notice is continuing), (ii) has notified any Borrower (which notice has not been withdrawn) of any event or circumstance of a type described in Section 2.11(c) or (d) or (iii) is a Downgraded Lender.
Affected Lender
"" means, as to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person or is a director or officer of such Person. For purposes of this definition, the term "" (including the terms "", "" and "") of a Person means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to vote 5% or more of the Voting Interests of such Person or to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of Voting Interests, by contract or otherwise.
Affiliate
control
controlling
controlled by
under common control with
 
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Agents
"" means the Existing Agreement, as amended by this Amended Agreement, and as the same may be further amended from time to time after the date hereof.
Agreement
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.21(g).
Agreement Currency
"" means this Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2007.
Amended Agreement
"" means, as of any date, a percentage per annum determined by reference to the Pricing Schedule.
Applicable Facility Fee Percentage
"" means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender's Domestic Lending Office in the case of a Base Rate Advance or a Swingline Advance and such Lender's Eurodollar Lending Office in the case of a Eurodollar Rate Advance and, in the case of a Competitive Bid Advance, the office of such Lender notified by such Lender to the Administrative Agent as its Applicable Lending Office with respect to such Competitive Bid Advance.
Applicable Lending Office
"" means, as of any date, a percentage per annum determined by reference to the Pricing Schedule.
Applicable Margin
"" means any Investment that was made by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to investment guidelines set forth by the board of directors of the Parent which are consistent with past practices.
Approved Investment
"" has the meaning specified in Section 9.06(c).
Assignee
"" of any Letter of Credit means, at any time, the maximum amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit at such time or at any future time (assuming compliance at such time or such future time with all conditions to drawing).
Available Amount
"" means Title 11 of the U.S. Code or any similar foreign, federal or state law for the relief of debtors.
Bankruptcy Law
"" means a fluctuating interest rate per annum in effect from time to time, which rate per annum shall at all times be equal to the higher of:
Base Rate
(a) the rate of interest announced publicly by JPMCB in New York, New York, from time to time, as JPMCB's prime rate; and
(b)
 1
/
2
of 1% per annum above the Federal Funds Rate.
"" means an Advance that bears interest as provided in Section 2.08(a)(i).
Base Rate Advance
 
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Borrowers
"" means the account of one or more Borrowers maintained by such Borrower(s) with The Bank of Bermuda Limited at its office at 6 Front Street, Hamilton, Bermuda HM12 Account No. 18000035, Attention: Paula Saints, or such other account as the Parent shall specify in writing to the Administrative Agent or such other account as the Borrowers (or any one of them) shall specify in writing to the Administrative Agent.
Borrowers' Account
"" means a Committed Borrowing, a Competitive Bid Borrowing or a Swingline Borrowing.
Borrowing
"" means a day of the year on which banks are not required or authorized by law to close in New York City and, if the applicable Business Day relates to any Eurodollar Rate Advances or LIBO Rate Advances, on which dealings are carried on in the London interbank market.
Business Day
"" means all leases that have been or should be, in accordance with GAAP, recorded as capitalized leases.
Capitalized Leases
"" means the occurrence of any of the following: (a) any Person or two or more Persons acting in concert shall have acquired beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), directly or indirectly, of Voting Interests of the Parent (or other securities convertible into such Voting Interests) representing 30% or more of the combined voting power of all Voting Interests of the Parent or (b) a majority of the board of directors of the Parent shall not be Continuing Members.
Change of Control
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Co-Documentation Agents
"" means (i) with respect to each Lender listed on the Commitment Schedule, the amount set forth opposite such Lender's name on the Commitment Schedule, (ii) with respect to any Person which becomes a Lender pursuant to Section 2.22, the amount of the Commitment undertaken by such Additional Lender pursuant to the documentation under Section 2.22 and (iii) with respect to any Person which becomes a Lender pursuant to Section 9.06(c), the amount of the transferor Lender's Commitment assigned to it pursuant to Section 9.06(c), in each case as such amount may be changed from time to time pursuant to Section 2.06, 2.22 or 9.06(c); provided that, if the context so requires, the term "" means the obligation of a Lender to extend credit up to such amount to the Borrowers hereunder.
Commitment
Commitment
"" means the Schedule hereto denominated as such.
Commitment Schedule
 
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(a).
Committed Advance
"" means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Committed Advances of the same Type made by the Lenders to the same Borrower.
Committed Borrowing
"" means, at any time, the aggregate amount of the Lenders' Commitments at such time.
Committed Facility
"" means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Committed Advances held by such Lender at such time, plus (b) such Lender's Pro Rata Share of (i) the aggregate Available Amount of all Letters of Credit outstanding hereunder at such time, (ii) the aggregate principal amount of all Letter of Credit Advances made by any Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.04(c) and outstanding at such time (whether held by such Issuing Bank or the Lenders) and (iii) the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Advances made by any Swingline Lender pursuant to Section 2.24 and outstanding at such time (whether held by such Swingline Lender or the other Lenders).
Committed Outstanding Amount
"" means an advance by a Lender to any Borrower as part of a Competitive Bid Borrowing resulting from the competitive bidding procedure described in Section 2.03 and refers to a Fixed Rate Advance or a LIBO Rate Advance.
Competitive Bid Advance
"" means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Competitive Bid Advances from each of the Lenders whose offer to make one or more Competitive Bid Advances as part of such borrowing has been accepted under the competitive bidding procedure described in Section 2.03.
Competitive Bid Borrowing
"" means information that any Loan Party furnishes to any Agent or any Lender, but does not include any such information that is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of a breach by such Agent or any Lender of its obligations hereunder or that is or becomes available to such Agent or such Lender from a source other than the Loan Parties that is not, to the best of such Agent's or such Lender's knowledge, acting in violation of a confidentiality agreement with a Loan Party.
Confidential Information
"" refers to the consolidation of accounts in accordance with GAAP.
Consolidated
"" means, for any period, the net income of the Parent and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, determined on a Consolidated basis for such period.
Consolidated Net Income
"" means at any date the Consolidated stockholders' equity of the Parent and its Consolidated Subsidiaries determined as of such date, provided that such determination for purposes of Section 5.04 shall
Consolidated Net Worth
 
be made without giving effect to adjustments pursuant to Statement No. 115 of the Financial Accounting Standards Board of the United States of America.
"" means, with respect to any Person, any obligation or arrangement of such Person to guarantee or intended to guarantee any Debt, leases, dividends or other payment obligations ("") of any other Person (the "") in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including (a) the direct or indirect guarantee, endorsement (other than for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business), co-making, discounting with recourse or sale with recourse by such Person of the obligation of a primary obligor, (b) the obligation to make take-or-pay or similar payments, if required, regardless of nonperformance by any other party or parties to an agreement or (c) any obligation of such Person, whether or not contingent, (i) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor, (ii) to advance or supply funds (A) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (B) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor, (iii) to purchase property, assets, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation or (iv) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the holder of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof; provided, however, that Contingent Obligations shall not include any obligations of such Person arising under insurance contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Contingent Obligation shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Contingent Obligation is made (or, if less, the maximum amount of such primary obligation for which such Person may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument evidencing such Contingent Obligation) or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof (assuming such Person is required to perform thereunder), as determined by such Person in good faith.
Contingent Obligation
primary obligations
primary obligor
"" means a member of the Board of Directors of the Parent who either (i) was a member of the Parent's Board of Directors on the date of execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Parent and has been such continuously thereafter or (ii) became a member of such Board of Directors after such date and whose election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of the majority of the Continuing Members then members of the Parent's Board of Directors.
Continuing Member
"", "" and "" each refer to a conversion of Advances of one Type into Advances of the other Type pursuant to Section 2.10 or 2.11.
Conversion
Convert
Converted
"" means debt securities issued by ACE INA or the Parent to a Special Purpose Trust in exchange for proceeds of Preferred Securities and common securities of such Special Purpose Trust.
Debenture
 
"" of any Person means, without duplication for purposes of calculating financial ratios, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of such Person's business), (c) all obligations of such Person evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other similar instruments, (d) all obligations of such Person created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement with respect to property acquired by such Person (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or lender under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property), (e) all obligations of such Person as lessee under Capitalized Leases (excluding imputed interest), (f) all obligations of such Person under acceptance, letter of credit or similar facilities, (g) all obligations of such Person to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise make any payment in respect of any Equity Interests (except for obligations to pay for Equity Interests within customary settlement periods) in such Person or any other Person or any warrants, rights or options to acquire such capital stock (excluding payments under a contract for the forward sale of ordinary shares of such Person issued in a public offering), valued, in the case of Redeemable Preferred Interests, at the greater of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends, (h) all Contingent Obligations of such Person in respect of Debt (of the types described above) of any other Person and (i) all indebtedness and other payment obligations referred to in clauses (a) through (h) above of another Person secured by (or for which the holder of such Debt has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property (including accounts and contract rights) owned by such Person, even though such Person has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such indebtedness or other payment obligations; provided, however, that the amount of Debt of such Person under clause (i) above shall, if such Person has not assumed or otherwise become liable for any such Debt, be limited to the lesser of the principal amount of such Debt or the fair market value of all property of such Person securing such Debt; provided further that "" shall not include obligations in respect of insurance or reinsurance contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business or any obligations of such Person (1) to purchase securities (or other property) which arise out of or in connection with the sale of the same or substantially similar securities (or other property) or (2) to return collateral consisting of securities arising out of or in connection with the loan of the same or substantially similar securities; provided further that, solely for purposes of Section 5.04 and the definitions of "" and "", "" shall not include (x) any contingent obligations of any Person under or in connection with acceptance, letter of credit or similar facilities or (y) obligations of the Parent or ACE INA under any Debentures or under any subordinated guaranty of any Preferred Securities or obligations of a Special Purpose Trust under any Preferred Securities.
Debt
Debt
Adjusted Consolidated Debt
Total Capitalization
Debt
"" means any Event of Default or any event that would constitute an Event of Default but for the requirement that notice be given or time elapse or both.
Default
 
"" means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the portion of any Advance required to be made by such Lender to any Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01 or 2.02 at or prior to such time that has not been made by such Lender or by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender pursuant to Section 2.02(d) as of such time.
Defaulted Advance
"" means, with respect to any Lender at any time, any amount required to be paid by such Lender to any Agent or any other Lender hereunder or under any other Loan Document at or prior to such time that has not been so paid as of such time, including any amount required to be paid by such Lender to (a) the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.02(d) to reimburse the Administrative Agent for the amount of any Committed Advance made by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender, (b) any Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.04(c) to purchase a portion of a Letter of Credit Advance made by such Issuing Bank, (c) any Swingline Lender pursuant to Section 2.24 to purchase a portion of a Swingline Advance made by such Swingline Lender, (d) any other Lender pursuant to Section 2.14 to purchase any participation in Committed Advances owing to such other Lender and (e) any Agent or Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 8.05 to reimburse such Agent or such Issuing Bank for such Lender's ratable share of any amount required to be paid by the Lenders to such Agent or such Issuing Bank as provided therein.
Defaulted Amount
"" means, at any time, any Lender that, at such time, (a) owes a Defaulted Advance or a Defaulted Amount or (b) shall take any action or be the subject of any action or proceeding of a type described in Section 6.01(g).
Defaulting Lender
"" means, with respect to any Designating Lender, an Eligible Designee designated by it pursuant to Section 9.07(a) as a Designated Lender for purposes of this Agreement.
Designated Lender
"" means, with respect to each Designated Lender, the Lender that designated such Designated Lender pursuant to Section 9.07(a).
Designating Lender
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.21(h).
Dollar Equivalent
"" means, with respect to any Lender, the office of such Lender specified as its "" in its Administrative Questionnaire or such other office of such Lender as such Lender may from time to time specify to any Borrower and the Administrative Agent.
Domestic Lending Office
Domestic Lending Office
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.19(a).
Downgrade Account
"" means, with respect to any Lender, a reduction of the credit rating for the senior unsecured unsupported long-term debt of such Lender by S&P or Moody's.
Downgrade Event
 
"" means any Lender which has a credit rating of less than A- (in the case of S&P) or A3 (in the case of Moody's) for its senior unsecured unsupported long-term debt or which does not have any credit rating on such debt from one of S&P or Moody's.
Downgraded Lender
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.19(a).
Downgrade Notice
"" means the first date on which the conditions set forth in Article 3 shall have been satisfied.
Effective Date
"" means a special purpose entity that (i) is organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof, (ii) is engaged in making, purchasing or otherwise investing in commercial loans in the ordinary course of its business and (iii) issues (or the parent of which issues) commercial paper rated at least A-1 or the equivalent thereof by S&P or at least P-1 or the equivalent thereof by Moody's.
Eligible Designee
"" means any action, suit, demand, demand letter, claim, notice of non-compliance or violation, notice of liability or potential liability, investigation, proceeding, consent order or consent agreement relating in any way to any Environmental Law, any Environmental Permit or Hazardous Material or arising from alleged injury or threat to health, safety or the environment, including (a) by any governmental or regulatory authority for enforcement, cleanup, removal, response, remedial or other actions or damages and (b) by any governmental or regulatory authority or third party for damages, contribution, indemnification, cost recovery, compensation or injunctive relief.
Environmental Action
"" means any Federal, state, local or foreign statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation, code, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree or judicial or agency interpretation, policy or guidance relating to pollution or protection of the environment, health, safety or natural resources, including those relating to the use, handling, transportation, treatment, storage, disposal, release or discharge of Hazardous Materials.
Environmental Law
"" means any permit, approval, identification number, license or other authorization required under any Environmental Law.
Environmental Permit
"" means, with respect to any Person, shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or other acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or other acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such other interests), and other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are authorized or otherwise existing on any date of determination.
Equity Interests
 
"" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.
ERISA
"" means any Person that for purposes of Title IV of ERISA is a member of the controlled group of any Loan Party, or under common control with any Loan Party, within the meaning of Section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 4001 of ERISA.
ERISA Affiliate
"" has the meaning specified in Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as in effect from time to time.
Eurocurrency Liabilities
"" means, with respect to any Lender, the office of such Lender specified as its "" in its Administrative Questionnaire (or, if no such office is specified, its Domestic Lending Office), or such other office of such Lender as such Lender may from time to time specify to the Parent and the Administrative Agent.
Eurodollar Lending Office
Eurodollar Lending Office
"" means, for any Interest Period for all Eurodollar Rate Advances comprising part of the same Committed Borrowing, an interest rate per annum equal to the rate per annum appearing on Dow Jones Markets (Telerate) Page 3750 (or any successor page) as the London interbank offered rate for deposits in U.S. dollars at 11:00 a.m. (London time) two Business Days before the first day of such Interest Period for a period equal to such Interest Period (provided that, if for any reason such rate is not available, the term "" shall mean, for any Interest Period for all Eurodollar Rate Advances comprising part of the same Committed Borrowing, the rate per annum appearing on Reuters Screen LIBO Page as the London interbank offered rate for deposits in Dollars at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) two Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period for a term comparable to such Interest Period; provided, however, if more than one rate is specified on Reuters Screen LIBO Page, the applicable rate shall be the arithmetic mean of all such rates).
Eurodollar Rate
Eurodollar Rate
"" means an Advance that bears interest as provided in Section 2.08(a)(ii).
Eurodollar Rate Advance
"" for any Interest Period for all Eurodollar Rate Advances comprising part of the same Committed Borrowing means the reserve percentage applicable two Business Days before the first day of such Interest Period under regulations issued from time to time by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor) for determining the maximum reserve requirement (including any emergency, supplemental or other marginal reserve requirement) for a member bank of the Federal Reserve System in New York City with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including Eurocurrency Liabilities (or with respect to any other category of liabilities that includes deposits by reference to which the interest rate on Eurodollar Rate Advances is determined) having a term equal to such Interest Period.
Eurodollar Rate Reserve Percentage
"" has the meaning specified in Section 6.01.
Events of Default
 
"" means the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of December 15, 2005 among the Borrowers and the lenders agents and arrangers parties thereto.
Existing Agreement
"" means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal for each day during such period to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the next preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day for such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it.
Federal Funds Rate
"" means the fee letters dated October 5, 2007 (a) among the Parent, the Administrative Agent and J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. and (b) between the Parent and Barclays Bank PLC.
Fee Letters
"" means a fiscal year of the Parent and its Consolidated Subsidiaries ending on December 31 in any calendar year.
Fiscal Year
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(a)(i).
Fixed Rate Advances
"" has the meaning specified in Section 4.01(l)(ii).
Foreign Government Scheme or Arrangement
"" has the meaning specified in Section 4.01(l)(ii).
Foreign Plan
"" has the meaning specified in Section 1.03.
GAAP
"" means each of the Borrowers.
Guarantor
"" means the undertaking by each of the Guarantors under Article 7.
Guaranty
"" means (a) petroleum or petroleum products, by-products or breakdown products, radioactive materials, asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls and radon gas and (b) any other chemicals, materials or substances designated, classified or regulated as hazardous or toxic or as a pollutant or contaminant under any Environmental Law.
Hazardous Materials
"" means interest rate swap, cap or collar agreements, interest rate future or option contracts, currency swap agreements, currency future or option contracts and other hedging agreements.
Hedge Agreements
"" has the meaning specified in Section 9.04(b).
Indemnified Party
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Initial Lenders
 
"" means, for each Eurodollar Rate Advance comprising part of the same Committed Borrowing and each LIBO Rate Advance comprising part of the same Competitive Bid Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Eurodollar Rate Advance or LIBO Rate Advance or the date of the Conversion of any Base Rate Advance into such Eurodollar Rate Advance, and ending on the last day of the period selected by the Borrower requesting such Borrowing or Conversion pursuant to the provisions below and, thereafter, each subsequent period commencing on the last day of the immediately preceding Interest Period and ending on the last day of the period selected by the applicable Borrower pursuant to the provisions below. The duration of each such Interest Period shall be one or two weeks or one, two, three or six months, as the Borrower requesting such Borrowing or Conversion may, upon notice received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the first day of such Interest Period, select; provided, however, that:
Interest Period
(a) such Borrower may not select any Interest Period with respect to any Eurodollar Rate Advance that ends after the Termination Date;
(b) Interest Periods commencing on the same date for Eurodollar Rate Advances comprising part of the same Committed Borrowing or for LIBO Rate Advances comprising part of the same Competitive Bid Borrowing shall be of the same duration;
(c) whenever the last day of any Interest Period would otherwise occur on a day other than a Business Day, the last day of such Interest Period shall be extended to occur on the next succeeding Business Day, provided, however, that, if such extension would cause the last day of such Interest Period to occur in the next following calendar month, the last day of such Interest Period shall occur on the next preceding Business Day; and
(d) whenever the first day of any Interest Period (other than a one or two week Interest Period) occurs on a day of an initial calendar month for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that succeeds such initial calendar month by the number of months equal to the number of months in such Interest Period, such Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day of such succeeding calendar month.
"" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.
Internal Revenue Code
"" in any Person means any loan or advance to such Person, any purchase or other acquisition of any Equity Interests or Debt or the assets comprising a division or business unit or a substantial part or all of the business of such Person, any capital contribution to such Person or any other direct or indirect investment in such Person, including any acquisition by way of a merger or consolidation and any arrangement pursuant to which the investor incurs Debt of the types referred to in clause (h) or (i) of the definition of "" in respect of such Person; provided, however, that any purchase by any Loan Party or any
Investment
Debt
 
Subsidiary of any catastrophe-linked instruments which are (x) issued for the purpose of transferring traditional reinsurance risk to the capital markets and (y) purchased by such Loan Party or Subsidiary in accordance with its customary reinsurance underwriting procedures, or the entry by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary into swap transactions relating to such instruments in accordance with such procedures, shall be deemed to be the entry by such Person into a reinsurance contract and shall not be deemed to be an Investment by such Person.
"" means Barclays Bank PLC, JPMCB, Mellon Bank, N.A., Wachovia Bank, National Association and any "" appointed in accordance with Section 2.20. Except as otherwise indicated, each reference to Issuing Bank means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Issuing Bank which has issued such Letter of Credit.
Issuing Bank
New Issuing Bank
"" means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., a national banking association.
JPMCB
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.21(g).
Judgment Currency
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.19(a).
LC Participation Obligations
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(b)(ii).
L/C Related Documents
"" means (i) each bank or other institution listed on the Commitment Schedule, (ii) each Person which becomes a Lender pursuant to Section 2.22 or Section 9.06(c) and (iii) their respective successors.
Lender
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(f).
Letter of Credit Advance
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(a).
Letter of Credit Agreement
"" means, for any Issuing Bank, a day of the year on which banks are not required or authorized by law to close in New York City and on which banks are not required or authorized by law to close in the city in which the principal letter of credit operations of such Issuing Bank are located.
Letter of Credit Business Day
"" has the meaning specified in Sections 2.01(b).
Letters of Credit
"" at any time means the sum at such time of (a) the aggregate outstanding amount of Letter of Credit Advances, (b) the aggregate Available Amounts of all outstanding Letters of Credit and (c) the aggregate Available Amounts of all Letters of Credit which have been requested by a Borrower to be issued hereunder but have not yet been so issued.
Letter of Credit Exposure
 
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(d).
Letter of Credit Participating Interest
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(d).
Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment
"" means, for any Interest Period for all LIBO Rate Advances comprising part of the same Competitive Bid Borrowing, an interest rate per annum equal to the rate per annum appearing on Dow Jones Markets (Telerate) Page 3750 (or any successor page) as the London interbank offered rate for deposits in U.S. dollars at 11:00 a.m. (London time) two Business Days before the first day of such Interest Period for a period equal to such Interest Period (provided that, if for any reason such rate is not available, the term "" shall mean for any Interest Period for all LIBO Rate Advances comprising part of the same Competitive Bid Borrowing, the rate per annum appearing on Reuters Screen LIBO Page as the London interbank offered rate for deposits in Dollars at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) two Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period for a term comparable to such Interest Period; provided, however, if more than one rate is specified on Reuters Screen LIBO Page, the applicable rate shall be the arithmetic mean of all such rates).
LIBO Rate
LIBO Rate
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(a)(i).
LIBO Rate Advances
"" means any lien, security interest or other charge or encumbrance of any kind, or any other type of preferential arrangement, including the lien or retained security title of a conditional vendor and any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property.
Lien
"" means (i) this Agreement, (ii) the Notes, (iii) the Fee Letters and (iv) each Letter of Credit Agreement.
Loan Documents
"" means the Borrowers.
Loan Parties
"" means units comprised of (i) Preferred Securities or preferred shares of Parent and (ii) a contract for the sale of ordinary shares of the Parent.
Mandatorily Convertible Preferred Securities
"" has the meaning specified in Regulation U.
Margin Stock
"" means any material adverse change in the business, financial condition, operations or properties of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.
Material Adverse Change
"" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, condition, operations or properties of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) the rights and remedies of any Agent or any Lender under any Loan Document or (c) the ability of the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, to perform their obligations under the Loan Documents.
Material Adverse Effect
 
"" means a principal amount of Debt and/or payment obligations in respect of any Hedge Agreement of the Parent and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries arising in one or more related or unrelated transactions exceeding in the aggregate $50,000,000.
Material Financial Obligation
"" means (i) any Subsidiary of the Parent that has more than $10,000,000 in assets or that had more than $10,000,000 of revenue during the most recent period of four fiscal quarters for which financial statements are available, and (ii) any Subsidiary that is the direct or indirect parent company of any Subsidiary that qualifies as a "Material Subsidiary" under clause (i) above.
Material Subsidiary
"" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.04(b).
Minimum Amount
"" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc.
Moody's
"" means a multiemployer plan, as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate is making or accruing an obligation to make contributions, or has within any of the preceding five plan years made or accrued an obligation to make contributions.
Multiemployer Plan
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.21(a).
Non-Dollar Letters of Credit
"" means promissory notes of a Borrower, substantially in the form of hereto, evidencing the obligation of such Borrower to repay the Loans made to it, and "" means any one of such promissory notes issued hereunder.
Notes
Exhibit A
Note
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.02(a).
Notice of Committed Borrowing
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(a).
Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing
"" means the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control, and any successor thereto.
OFAC
"" has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.
Original Agreement
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.13(b).
Other Taxes
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.21(h).
Overnight Rate
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Parent
"" has the meaning specified in Section 9.06(b).
Participant
 
"" means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (or any successor).
PBGC
"" means a "", as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA, which is subject to title IV of ERISA (other than any "" as such term is defined in section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA), and to which any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate may have any liability, including any liability by reason of having been a substantial employer within the meaning of section 4063 of ERISA at any time during the preceding five years, or by reason of being deemed to be a contributing sponsor under section 4069 of ERISA.
Pension Plan
pension plan
multiemployer plan
"" means such of the following as to which no enforcement, collection, execution, levy or foreclosure proceeding shall have been commenced or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings: (a) Liens for taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies not yet due and payable; (b) Liens imposed by law, such as materialmen's, mechanics', carriers', workmen's and repairmen's Liens and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business securing obligations that are not overdue for a period of more than 90 days; (c) pledges or deposits to secure obligations under workers' compensation laws or similar legislation or to secure public or statutory obligations; and (d) easements, rights of way and other encumbrances on title to real property that do not render title to the property encumbered thereby unmarketable or materially adversely affect the use of such property for its present purposes.
Permitted Liens
"" means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a business trust), limited liability company, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or other entity, or a government or any political subdivision or agency thereof.
Person
"" means, with respect to any Person, Equity Interests issued by such Person that are entitled to a preference or priority over any other Equity Interests issued by such Person upon any distribution of such Person's property and assets, whether by dividend or upon liquidation.
Preferred Interests
"" means (i) preferred securities issued by a Special Purpose Trust which shall provide, among other things, that dividends shall be payable only out of proceeds of interest payments on the applicable Debentures, or (ii) other instruments that are treated in whole or in part as equity by either or both of S&P and Moody's (or any successor to either of the foregoing) while being treated as debt for tax purposes.
Preferred Securities
"" means the Schedule hereto denominated as such.
Pricing Schedule
"" of any amount means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the product of such amount times a fraction the numerator of which is the amount of such Lender's Commitment at such time (or, if the Commitments
Pro Rata Share
 
shall have been terminated pursuant to Section 2.06 or 6.01, such Lender's Commitment as in effect immediately prior to such termination) and the denominator of which is the Committed Facility at such time (or, if the Commitments shall have been terminated pursuant to Section 2.05 or 6.01, the Committed Facility as in effect immediately prior to such termination).
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.19.
Protected Party
"" means, with respect to any Equity Interest, any Debt or any other right or obligation, any such Equity Interest, Debt, right or obligation that (a) the issuer has undertaken to redeem at a fixed or determinable date or dates, whether by operation of a sinking fund or otherwise, or upon the occurrence of a condition not solely within the control of the issuer or (b) is redeemable at the option of the holder.
Redeemable
"" means Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as in effect from time to time.
Regulation U
"" means, at any time, Lenders owed or holding at least a majority in interest of (a) the aggregate amount of the Commitments, if the Commitments are in existence at such time, or (b) the sum of (i) the aggregate amount of the Committed Outstanding Amounts of all Lenders at such time plus (ii) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Competitive Bid Advances at such time, if the Commitments are not then in existence; provided, however, that if any Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender at such time, there shall be excluded from the determination of Required Lenders at such time any of the foregoing amounts attributable to it.
Required Lenders
"" means the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Treasurer or General Counsel of the Parent.
Responsible Officer
"" means a country subject to a sanctions program identified on the list maintained by OFAC and available at , or as otherwise published by OFAC from time to time.
Sanctioned Country
http://www.treas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac/sanctions/
"" means (i) a Person named on the list of Specially Designated Nationals or Blocked Persons maintained by OFAC available at , or as otherwise published by OFAC from time to time, or (ii) (A) an agency of the government of a Sanctioned Country, or (B) a Person resident in a Sanctioned Country, to the extent subject to a sanctions program administered by OFAC.
Sanctioned Person
http://www.treas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac/sdn/t11sdn.pdf
"" means Standard & Poor's Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.
S&P
 
"" means any sale, assignment or other transfer by Parent or any Subsidiary of any accounts receivable, premium finance loan receivables, lease receivables or other payment obligations owing to Parent or such Subsidiary or any interest in any of the foregoing, together in each case with any collections and other proceeds thereof, any collection or deposit accounts related thereto, and any collateral, guaranties or other property or claims in favor of Parent or such Subsidiary supporting or securing payment by the obligor thereon of, or otherwise related to, any such receivables.
Securitization Transaction
"" means a Subsidiary of Parent that is a "" of the Parent under Regulation S-X promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Significant Subsidiary
significant subsidiary
"" and "" mean, with respect to any Person on a particular date, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair salable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Person's ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature and (d) such Person is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which such Person's property would constitute an unreasonably small capital. The amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability.
Solvent
Solvency
"" means a special purpose business trust established by the Parent or ACE INA of which the Parent or ACE INA will hold all the common securities, which will be the issuer of Preferred Securities, and which will loan to the Parent or ACE INA (such loan being evidenced by Debentures) the net proceeds of the issuance and sale of the Preferred Securities and common securities of such Special Purpose Trust.
Special Purpose Trust
"" of any Person means any corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, trust or estate of which (or in which) more than 50% of (a) the issued and outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether at the time capital stock of any other class or classes of such corporation shall or might have voting power upon the occurrence of any contingency), (b) the interest in the capital or profits of such partnership, joint venture or limited liability company or (c) the beneficial interest in such trust or estate is at the time directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such Person, by such Person and one or more of its other Subsidiaries or by one or more of such Person's other Subsidiaries.
Subsidiary
 
"" means an advance made or to be made by a Swingline Lender pursuant to Section 2.24.
Swingline Advance
"" means the borrowing of a Swingline Advance pursuant to Section 2.24.
Swingline Borrowing
"" means, with respect to each Swingline Lender at any time, the lesser of $50,000,000 and an amount equal to 50% of the aggregate amount of the Commitments.
Swingline Commitment
"" means each of JPMCB and Barclays Bank PLC.
Swingline Lender
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.19(a).
Swingline Participation Obligations
"" means the tenth Business Day prior to the Termination Date.
Swingline Termination Date
"" has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.
Syndication Agent
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.13(a).
Taxes
"" means the earlier of October , 2012 and the date of termination in whole of the Commitments.
Termination Date
"" means, at any time, an amount (without duplication) equal to (i) the then outstanding Consolidated Debt of the Parent and its Subsidiaries plus (ii) Consolidated stockholders equity of the Parent and its Subsidiaries plus (without duplication) (iii) the then issued and outstanding amount of Preferred Securities (including Mandatorily Convertible Preferred Securities) and (without duplication) Debentures.
Total Capitalization
"" means, at any time, an amount equal to the sum of (a) the aggregate principal amount of all Advances outstanding at such time plus (b) the aggregate Available Amount of all Letters of Credit outstanding at such time.
Total Outstanding Amount
"" refers to the distinction between Advances bearing interest at the Base Rate and Advances bearing interest at the Eurodollar Rate.
Type
"" means, with respect to any Lender at any time, (a) such Lender's Commitment at such time minus (b) such Lender's Committed Outstanding Amount at such time.
Unused Commitment
"" means shares of capital stock issued by a corporation, or equivalent Equity Interests in any other Person, the holders of which are ordinarily, in the absence of contingencies, entitled to vote for the election of
Voting Interests
 
directors (or persons performing similar functions) of such Person, even if the right so to vote has been suspended by the happening of such a contingency.
"" means a welfare plan, as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA, that is maintained for employees of any Loan Party or in respect of which any Loan Party could have liability.
Welfare Plan
"" has the meaning specified in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA.
Withdrawal Liability
Section 1.02In this Agreement and the other Loan Documents in the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word "" means "" and the words "" and "" each mean "". References in the Loan Documents to (a) any agreement or contract shall mean such agreement or contract as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms and (b) any law shall mean such law as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time (including any successor thereto) and all rules, regulations, guidelines and decisions interpreting or implementing such law. The term "including" means "including without limitation" and derivatives of such term have a corresponding meaning.
. Computation of Time Periods; Other Definitional Provisions.
from
from and including
to
until
to but excluding
Section 1.03Unless otherwise specified herein, all accounting terms used herein shall be interpreted, all accounting determinations hereunder shall be made, and all financial statements required to be delivered hereunder shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time in the United States of America (""), applied on a basis consistent (except for changes concurred in by the Parent's independent public accountants) with the most recent audited consolidated financial statements of the Parent and its Subsidiaries delivered to the Lenders; that, if the Parent notifies the Administrative Agent that the Parent wishes to amend any covenant in Article 5 to eliminate the effect of any change in generally accepted accounting principles on the operation of such covenant (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Parent that the Required Lenders wish to amend Article 5 for such purpose), then the Parent's compliance with such covenant shall be determined on the basis of generally accepted accounting principles in effect immediately before the relevant change in generally accepted accounting principles became effective (and, concurrently with the delivery of any financial statements required to be delivered hereunder, the Parent shall provide a statement of reconciliation conforming such financial information to such generally accepted accounting principles as previously in effect), until either such notice is withdrawn or such covenant is amended in a manner satisfactory to the Parent and the Required Lenders.
. Accounting Terms and Determinations.
GAAP
provided
 
Section 2.01(a) . Each Lender severally agrees, on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, to make advances (each a "") to any Borrower from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the date hereof to but not including the Termination Date in amounts such that (i) no Lender's Committed Outstanding Amount shall at any time exceed the amount of its Commitment and (ii) the Total Outstanding Amount shall at no time exceed the aggregate amount of the Commitments. Each Committed Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount of $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and shall consist of Committed Advances made simultaneously by the Lenders ratably according to their Commitments. Within the foregoing limits, each Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.01, prepay pursuant to Section 2.07 and reborrow under this Section 2.01.
. The Committed Advances and the Letters of Credit.
The Committed Advances
Committed Advance
(a) . Each Issuing Bank agrees, on the terms and subject to the conditions herein set forth, to issue letters of credit (such letters of credit, the "") for the account of any Borrower on any Letter of Credit Business Day from time to time during the period from the date hereof until 30 days prior to the Termination Date. No Issuing Bank shall have any obligation to issue, and no Borrower shall request the issuance of, any Letter of Credit hereunder if after giving effect thereto (i) the Commitment Outstanding Amount of any Lender would exceed such Lender's Commitment or (ii) the Total Outstanding Amount would exceed the aggregate amount of the Commitments (as such Issuing Bank shall be advised by the Administrative Agent as contemplated by Section 2.04). No Issuing Bank shall have any obligation to issue, and no Borrower shall request the issuance of, any Letter of Credit hereunder if the aggregate Available Amounts or the aggregate stated amount of all Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank would exceed, after giving effect to such issuance, the maximum amount set forth in a letter agreement between such Issuing Bank and Parent, on behalf of the Borrowers. No Issuing Bank shall have any obligation to issue, and no Borrower shall request the issuance of, any Letter of Credit except within the following limitations: (i) each Letter of Credit shall be denominated in U.S. dollars (unless issued pursuant to Section 2.21), (ii) each Letter of Credit shall be payable only against sight drafts (and not time drafts) and (iii) no Letter of Credit shall have an expiration date (including all rights of the applicable Borrower or the beneficiary to require renewal) later than the earlier of 10 days prior to the Termination Date and one year after the date of issuance thereof, but a Letter of Credit may by its terms be automatically renewable annually unless the applicable Issuing Bank notifies the beneficiary thereof of its election not to renew such Letter of Credit; that the terms of each Letter of Credit that is automatically renewable annually shall not permit the expiration date (after giving effect to any renewal) of such Letter of Credit in any event to be extended to a date later than 10 days prior to the Termination Date. No Issuing Bank shall have any obligation to issue any letter of credit which is unsatisfactory
Letters of Credit
Letters of Credit
provided
 
in form, substance or beneficiary to such Issuing Bank in the exercise of its reasonable judgment consistent with its customary practice. No Issuing Bank shall have any obligation to issue a Letter in Credit in favor of a beneficiary that is a Sanctioned Person or that is organized under the laws of a Sanctioned Country.
Section 2.02. Making the Committed Advances. (a) Except as otherwise provided in Section 2.03, each Committed Borrowing shall be made on notice, given not later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Committed Borrowing in the case of a Committed Borrowing consisting of Eurodollar Rate Advances, or not later than 10:30 a.m. (New York City time) on the date of the proposed Committed Borrowing in the case of a Committed Borrowing consisting of Base Rate Advances, by any Borrower to the Administrative Agent, which shall give to each Lender prompt notice thereof by facsimile. Each such notice of a Committed Borrowing (a "") shall be by telephone, confirmed immediately in writing, or facsimile, in substantially the form of Exhibit B-1 hereto, specifying therein the requested (i) date of such Committed Borrowing, (ii) Type of Advances comprising such Committed Borrowing, (iii) aggregate amount of such Committed Borrowing and (iv) in the case of a Committed Borrowing consisting of Eurodollar Rate Advances, initial Interest Period for such Committed Advances. Each Lender shall, before 12:00 noon (New York City time) on the date of such Committed Borrowing, make available for the account of its Applicable Lending Office to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agent's Account, in same day funds, such Lender's ratable portion of such Committed Borrowing in accordance with the respective Commitments of such Lender and the other Lenders. After the Administrative Agent's receipt of such funds and upon fulfillment of the applicable conditions set forth in Article 3, the Administrative Agent will make such funds available to the Borrower requesting such Committed Borrowing by crediting the applicable Borrowers' Account.
Notice of Committed Borrowing
(a) Anything in subsection (a) above to the contrary notwithstanding, (i) no Borrower may select Eurodollar Rate Advances if the obligation of the Lenders to make Eurodollar Rate Advances shall then be suspended pursuant to Section 2.10 or 2.11 and (ii) the Committed Advances may not be outstanding as part of more than ten (10) separate Committed Borrowings.
(b) Each Notice of Committed Borrowing shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrower that requested such Committed Borrowing. In the case of any Committed Borrowing that the related Notice of Committed Borrowing specifies is to be comprised of Eurodollar Rate Advances, the Borrower that requested such Committed Borrowing shall indemnify each Lender against any loss, cost or expense incurred by such Lender as a result of any failure to fulfill on or before the date specified in such Notice of Committed Borrowing for such Committed Borrowing the applicable conditions set forth in Article 3, including any loss (excluding loss of anticipated profits), cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by such Lender to fund the Committed Advance to be made by such Lender as part of such Committed Borrowing when such Committed Advance, as a result of such failure, is not made on such date.
 
(c) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the date of any Committed Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender's ratable portion of such Committed Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such portion available to the Administrative Agent on the date of such Committed Borrowing in accordance with subsection (a) of this Section 2.02 and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower requesting such Committed Borrowing on such date a corresponding amount. If and to the extent that such Lender shall not have so made such ratable portion available to the Administrative Agent, such Lender and such Borrower severally agree to repay or pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount and to pay interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is made available to such Borrower until the date such amount is repaid or paid to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Borrower, the interest rate applicable at such time under Section 2.08 to Advances comprising such Committed Borrowing and (ii) in the case of such Lender, the Federal Funds Rate. If such Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent such corresponding amount, such amount so paid shall constitute such Lender's Committed Advance as part of such Borrowing for all purposes.
(d) The failure of any Lender to make the Committed Advance to be made by it as part of any Committed Borrowing shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation, if any, hereunder to make its Committed Advance on the date of such Committed Borrowing, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make the Committed Advance to be made by such other Lender on the date of any Committed Borrowing.
Section 2.03(a) Each Lender severally agrees that any Borrower may make Competitive Bid Borrowings under this Section 2.03 from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the date hereof until the date occurring 7 days prior to the Termination Date in the manner set forth below; that, following the making of each Competitive Bid Borrowing, the aggregate amount of the Advances then outstanding plus the then Available Amount of all Letters of Credit shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the Commitments of the Lenders.
. The Competitive Bid Advances.
provided
(i) Any Borrower may request a Competitive Bid Borrowing under this Section 2.03 by delivering to the Administrative Agent, by telecopier, a notice of a Competitive Bid Borrowing (a ""), in substantially the form of Exhibit B-2 hereto, specifying therein the requested (v) date of such proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing, (w) aggregate amount of such proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing, (x) in the case of a Competitive Bid Borrowing consisting of LIBO Rate Advances, Interest Period, or in the case of a Competitive Bid Borrowing consisting of Fixed Rate Advances,
Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing
 
maturity date for repayment of each Fixed Rate Advance to be made as part of such Competitive Bid Borrowing (which maturity date may not be earlier than the date occurring 7 days after the date of such Competitive Bid Borrowing or later than the earlier of (I) 180 days after the date of such Competitive Bid Borrowing and (II) the Termination Date), (y) interest payment date or dates relating thereto, and (z) other terms (if any) to be applicable to such Competitive Bid Borrowing, not later than 10:30 A.M. (New York City time) (A) at least one Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing, if such Borrower shall specify in the Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing that the rates of interest to be offered by the Lenders shall be fixed rates per annum (the Advances comprising any such Competitive Bid Borrowing being referred to herein as "") and (B) at least four Business Days prior to the date of the proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing, if such Borrower shall instead specify in the Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing that the rates of interest to be offered by the Lenders are to be based on a margin above or below the LIBO Rate (the Advances comprising such Competitive Bid Borrowing being referred to herein as ""). Each Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing shall be irrevocable and binding on such Borrower. The Administrative Agent shall in turn promptly notify each Lender of each request for a Competitive Bid Borrowing received by it from such Borrower by sending such Lender a copy of the related Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing.
Fixed Rate Advances
LIBO Rate Advances
(ii) Each Lender may, if, in its sole discretion, it elects to do so, irrevocably offer to make one or more Competitive Bid Advances to the Borrower requesting the Competitive Bid Advances as part of such proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing at a rate or rates of interest specified by such Lender in its sole discretion, by notifying the Administrative Agent (which shall give prompt notice thereof to the Borrower requesting the Competitive Bid Borrowing), before 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) on the date of such proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing, in the case of a Competitive Bid Borrowing consisting of Fixed Rate Advances and before 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) three Business Days before the date of such proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing, in the case of a Competitive Bid Borrowing consisting of LIBO Rate Advances, of the minimum amount and maximum amount of each Competitive Bid Advance which such Lender would be willing to make as part of such proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing (which amounts may, subject to the proviso to the first sentence of this Section 2.03(a), exceed such Lender's Commitment, if any), the rate or rates of interest therefor and such Lender's Applicable Lending Office with respect to such Competitive Bid Advance; that if the Administrative Agent in its capacity as a Lender shall, in its sole discretion, elect to make any such offer, it shall notify the Borrower requesting such Competitive Bid Borrowing of such offer at least 30 minutes before the time and on the date on which notice of such election is to be given to the Administrative Agent by the other
provided
 
Lenders. If any Lender shall elect not to make such an offer, such Lender shall so notify the Administrative Agent, before 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the date on which notice of such election is to be given to the Administrative Agent by the other Lenders, and such Lender shall not be obligated to, and shall not, make any Competitive Bid Advance as part of such Competitive Bid Borrowing; that the failure by any Lender to give such notice shall not cause such Lender to be obligated to make any Competitive Bid Advance as part of such proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing.
provided
(iii) The Borrower requesting any particular Competitive Bid Borrowing shall, in turn, before 10:30 a.m. (New York City time) on the date of such proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing, in the case of a Competitive Bid Borrowing consisting of Fixed Rate Advances and before 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) three Business Days before the date of such proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing, in the case of a Competitive Bid Borrowing consisting of LIBO Rate Advances, either:
(x) cancel such Competitive Bid Borrowing by giving the Administrative Agent notice to that effect, or
(y) accept one or more of the offers made by any Lender or Lenders pursuant to paragraph (ii) above, in its sole discretion, by giving notice to the Administrative Agent of the amount of each Competitive Bid Advance (which amount shall be equal to or greater than the minimum amount, and equal to or less than the maximum amount, notified to such Borrower by the Administrative Agent on behalf of such Lender for such Competitive Bid Advance pursuant to paragraph (ii) above) to be made by each such Lender as part of such Competitive Bid Borrowing, and reject any remaining offers made by Lenders pursuant to paragraph (ii) above by giving the Administrative Agent notice to that effect. The Borrower that requested such Competitive Bid Borrowing shall accept the offers made by any Lender or Lenders to make Competitive Bid Advances in order of the lowest to the highest rates of interest offered by such Lenders. If two or more Lenders have offered the same interest rate, the amount to be borrowed at such interest rate will be allocated among such Lenders in proportion to the amount that each such Lender offered at such interest rate.
(iv) If the Borrower that requested any particular Competitive Bid Borrowing notifies the Administrative Agent that such Competitive Bid Borrowing is canceled pursuant to paragraph (iii)(x) above, the Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice thereof to the Lenders and such Competitive Bid Borrowing shall not be made.
 
(v) If the Borrower that requested any particular Competitive Bid Borrowing accepts one or more of the offers made by any Lender or Lenders pursuant to paragraph (iii)(y) above, the Administrative Agent shall in turn promptly notify (A) each Lender that has made an offer as described in paragraph (ii) above, of the date and aggregate amount of such Competitive Bid Borrowing and whether or not any offer or offers made by such Lender pursuant to paragraph (ii) above have been accepted by such Borrower, (B) each Lender that is to make a Competitive Bid Advance as part of such Competitive Bid Borrowing, of the amount of each Competitive Bid Advance to be made by such Lender as part of such Competitive Bid Borrowing, and (C) each Lender that is to make a Competitive Bid Advance as part of such Competitive Bid Borrowing, upon receipt, that the Administrative Agent has received forms of documents appearing to fulfill the applicable conditions set forth in Article 3. Each Lender that is to make a Competitive Bid Advance as part of such Competitive Bid Borrowing shall, before 12:00 noon (New York City time) on the date of such Competitive Bid Borrowing specified in the notice received from the Administrative Agent pursuant to clause (A) of the preceding sentence or any later time when such Lender shall have received notice from the Administrative Agent pursuant to clause (C) of the preceding sentence, make available for the account of its Applicable Lending Office to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agent's Account, in same day funds, such Lender's portion of such Competitive Bid Borrowing. Upon fulfillment of the applicable conditions set forth in Article 3 and after receipt by the Administrative Agent of such funds, the Administrative Agent will make such funds available to the Borrower that requested such Borrowing at the Administrative Agent's address referred to in Section 8.02. Promptly after each Competitive Bid Borrowing the Administrative Agent will notify each Lender of the amount of the Competitive Bid Borrowing.
(vi) If the Borrower that requested any particular Competitive Bid Borrowing notifies the Administrative Agent that it accepts one or more of the offers made by any Lender or Lenders pursuant to paragraph (iii)(y) above, such notice of acceptance shall be irrevocable and binding on such Borrower. Such Borrower shall indemnify each Lender against any loss, cost or expense incurred by such Lender as a result of any failure to fulfill on or before the date specified in the related Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing for such Competitive Bid Borrowing the applicable conditions set forth in Article 3, including any loss (excluding loss of anticipated profits), cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by such Lender to fund the Competitive Bid Advance to be made by such Lender as part of such Competitive Bid Borrowing when such Competitive Bid Advance, as a result of such failure, is not made on such date.
 
(b) Each Competitive Bid Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount of $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and, following the making of each Competitive Bid Borrowing, the Borrowers shall be in compliance with the limitations set forth in the proviso to the first sentence of subsection (a) above.
(c) Within the limits and on the conditions set forth in this Section 2.03, any Borrower may from time to time borrow under this Section 2.03, repay or prepay pursuant to subsection (d) below, and reborrow under this Section 2.03, that a Competitive Bid Borrowing shall not be made within three Business Days of the date of any other Competitive Bid Borrowing.
provided
(d) The Borrower to which any particular Competitive Bid Borrowing is made shall repay the then unpaid principal amount of each Competitive Bid Advance to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender that has made such Competitive Bid Advance, on the maturity date of such Competitive Bid Advance (such maturity date being that specified by such Borrower as the last day of the Interest Period or the maturity date of such Competitive Bid Advance in the related Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing delivered pursuant to subsection (a)(i) above). No Borrower shall have any right to prepay any principal amount of any Competitive Bid Advance unless, and then only on the terms, specified by such Borrower for such Competitive Bid Advance in the related Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing delivered pursuant to subsection (a)(i) above.
(e) The Borrower to which any particular Competitive Bid Borrowing is made shall pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Competitive Bid Advance from the date of such Competitive Bid Advance to the date the principal amount of such Competitive Bid Advance is repaid in full, at the rate of interest for such Competitive Bid Advance specified by the Lender making such Competitive Bid Advance in its notice with respect thereto delivered pursuant to subsection (a)(ii) above, payable on the interest payment date or dates specified by such Borrower for such Competitive Bid Advance in the related Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing delivered pursuant to subsection (a)(i) above. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default under Section 6.01(a) or 6.01(g) or at the request of the Required Lenders during the existence of any other Event of Default, such Borrower shall pay interest on the amount of unpaid principal of and interest on each Competitive Bid Advance owing to a Lender, payable in arrears on the date or dates interest is payable thereon, at a rate per annum equal at all times to 2% per annum above the rate per annum otherwise required to be paid on such Competitive Bid Advance.
Section 2.04. (a) Request for Issuance. A Borrower may from time to time request, upon at least three Letter of Credit Business Days' written notice (given not later than 11:00 a.m. New York City time on the last day permitted therefor), the applicable Issuing Bank to issue or renew (other than any automatic renewal thereof) a Letter of Credit by:
Issuance and Renewals and Drawings, Participations and Reimbursement with Respect to Letters of Credit.
 
(i) delivering to such Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent a written request to such effect, specifying the date on which such Letter of Credit is to be issued (which shall be a Letter of Credit Business Day), the expiration date thereof, the Available Amount thereof, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and the form thereof, and
(ii) in the case of the issuance of a Letter of Credit, delivering to such Issuing Bank a completed agreement and application with respect to such Letter of Credit as such Issuing Bank may specify for use in connection with such requested Letter of Credit (a ""), together with such other certificates, documents and other papers as are specified in such Letter of Credit Agreement.
Letter of Credit Agreement
The Administrative Agent shall, promptly upon receiving such notice, notify the Lenders of such proposed Letter of Credit (which notice shall specify the Available Amount and term of such proposed Letter of Credit) or such proposed renewal of a Letter of Credit (which notice shall specify the term of such renewal), and shall determine, as of 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the Business Day immediately preceding such proposed issuance, whether such proposed Letter of Credit complies with the limitations set forth in Section 2.01 hereof. If such limitations set forth in Section 2.01 are not satisfied or if the Required Lenders have given notice to the Administrative Agent to cease issuing or renewing Letters of Credit as contemplated by this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall immediately notify the applicable Issuing Bank (in writing or by telephone immediately confirmed in writing) that such Issuing Bank is not authorized to issue or renew, as the case may be, such Letter of Credit. If an Issuing Bank issues or renews a Letter of Credit, it shall deliver the original of such Letter of Credit to the beneficiary thereof or as the Account Party shall otherwise direct, and shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent thereof and furnish a copy thereof to the Administrative Agent.
(b) . An Account Party may from time to time request the applicable Issuing Bank to extend the expiration date of an outstanding Letter of Credit or increase (or, with the consent of the beneficiary, decrease) the Available Amount of or the amount available to be drawn on such Letter of Credit. Such extension or increase shall for all purposes hereunder be treated as though such Account Party had requested issuance of a replacement Letter of Credit (except only that such Issuing Bank may, if it elects, issue a notice of extension or increase in lieu of issuing a new Letter of Credit in substitution for the outstanding Letter of Credit).
Request for Extension or Increase
(c) . As between an Issuing Bank, on the one hand, and the Agents and the Lenders, on the other hand, such Issuing Bank shall be justified and fully protected in issuing or renewing a proposed Letter of Credit unless it shall have received notice from the Administrative Agent as provided in Section 2.04(a) hereof that it is not authorized to do so (and, in the case of automatic renewals, ten days shall have passed following the date of such Issuing Bank's receipt of such notice),
Limitations on Issuance, Extension, Renewal and Amendment
 
notwithstanding any subsequent notices to such Issuing Bank, any knowledge of a Default, any knowledge of failure of any condition specified in Article 3 hereof to be satisfied, any other knowledge of such Issuing Bank, or any other event, condition or circumstance whatsoever. An Issuing Bank may amend, modify or supplement Letters of Credit or Letter of Credit Agreements, or waive compliance with any condition of issuance, renewal or payment, without the consent of, and without liability to, any Agent or any Lender, provided that any such amendment, modification or supplement that extends the expiration date or increases the Available Amount of or the amount available to be drawn on an outstanding Letter of Credit shall be subject to Section 2.01.
(d) . Concurrently with the issuance of each Letter of Credit, the applicable Issuing Bank automatically shall be deemed, irrevocably and unconditionally, to have sold, assigned, transferred and conveyed to each other Lender, and each other Lender automatically shall be deemed, irrevocably and unconditionally, severally to have purchased, acquired, accepted and assumed from such Issuing Bank, without recourse to, or representation or warranty by, such Issuing Bank, an undivided interest, in a proportion equal to such Lender's Pro Rata Share, in all of such Issuing Bank's rights and obligations in, to or under such Letter of Credit, the related Letter of Credit Agreement, all reimbursement obligations with respect to such Letter of Credit, and all collateral, guarantees and other rights from time to time directly or indirectly securing the foregoing (such interest of each Lender being referred to herein as a "", it being understood that the Letter of Credit Participating Interest of an Issuing Bank is the interest not otherwise attributable to the Letter of Credit Participating Interests of the other Lenders). Each Lender irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to the immediately preceding sentence, such agreement being herein referred to as such Bank's "". Amounts, other than Letter of Credit Advances made by a Lender other than the applicable Issuing Bank and other than Letter of Credit commissions under Section 2.09(d)(i), payable from time to time under or in connection with a Letter of Credit or Letter of Credit Agreement shall be for the sole account of the applicable Issuing Bank. On the date that any Assignee becomes a party to this Agreement in accordance with Section 9.07 hereof, Letter of Credit Participating Interests in all outstanding Letters of Credit held by the Lender from which such Assignee acquired its interest hereunder shall be proportionately reallocated between such Assignee and such assignor Lender (and, to the extent such assignor Lender is an Issuing Bank, the Assignee shall be deemed to have acquired a Letter of Credit Participating Interest from such Issuing Bank to such extent). Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, each Lender hereby agrees that its obligation to participate in each Letter of Credit, its obligation to make the payments specified in Section 2.04(e), and the right of the applicable Issuing Bank to receive such payments in the manner specified therein, are each absolute, irrevocable and unconditional and shall not be affected by any event, condition or circumstance whatever. The failure of any Lender to make any such payment shall not relieve any other Lender of its funding obligation hereunder on the date due, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to meet its funding obligations hereunder.
Letter of Credit Participating Interests
Letter of Credit Participating Interest
Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment
 
(e) . If an Issuing Bank makes a payment under any Letter of Credit and is not reimbursed in full therefor on such payment date in accordance with Section 2.05(b), such Issuing Bank may notify the Administrative Agent thereof (which notice may be by telephone), and the Administrative Agent shall forthwith notify each Lender (which notice may be by telephone promptly confirmed in writing) thereof. No later than the Administrative Agent's close of business on the date such notice is given (if notice is given by 2:00 p.m. New York City time) or 10:00 a.m. New York City time the following day (if notice is given after 2:00 p.m. New York City time or in the case of any Lender whose Applicable Lending Office is located in Europe), each Lender will pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank, in immediately available funds, an amount equal to such Lender's Pro Rata Share of the unreimbursed portion of such payment by such Issuing Bank. Amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of an Issuing Bank shall be forthwith transferred, in immediately available funds, to such Issuing Bank. If and to the extent that any Lender fails to make such payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank on such date, such Lender shall pay such amount on demand, together with interest, for such Issuing Bank's own account, for each day from and including the date of such Issuing Bank's payment to but not including the date of repayment to such Issuing Bank (before and after judgment) at a rate per annum for each day (i) from and including the date of such payment by such Issuing Bank to and including the second Business Day thereafter equal to the Federal Funds Rate and (ii) thereafter equal to the Base Rate.
Payment by Lenders on Account of Unreimbursed Draws
(f) . The term "" is used in this Agreement in accordance with the meanings set forth in this paragraph 2.04(f). The making of any payment by an Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit is sometimes referred to herein as the making of a Letter of Credit Advance by such Issuing Bank in the amount of such payment. The making of any payment by a Lender for the account of an Issuing Bank under Section 2.04(e) on account of an unreimbursed drawing on a Letter of Credit is sometimes referred to herein as the making of a Letter of Credit Advance to the applicable Borrower by such Lender. The making of such a Letter of Credit Advance by a Lender with respect to an unreimbursed drawing on a Letter of Credit shall reduce, by a like amount, the outstanding Letter of Credit Advance of the Issuing Bank with respect to such unreimbursed drawing.
Letter of Credit Advances
Letter of Credit Advance
(g) Each Issuing Bank will furnish to the Administrative Agent prompt written notice of each issuance of a Letter of Credit by such Issuing Bank (including the Available Amount and expiration date thereof), amendment to any such Letter of Credit, cancellation of any such Letter of Credit and payment on any such Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent will furnish (A) to each Lender prior to the tenth Business Day of each month a written report summarizing issuance and expiration dates of Letters of Credit
Letter of Credit Reports.
 
issued during the preceding month and payments and reductions in Available Amount during such month on all Letters of Credit and (B) to each Lender prior to the tenth Business Day of each calendar quarter a written report setting forth the average daily aggregate Available Amount during the preceding calendar quarter of all Letters of Credit.
Section 2.05. . (a) . Each Borrower shall repay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the Lenders on the Termination Date the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Committed Advances then outstanding.
Repayment of Advances
Committed Advances
(b) (i) Each Account Party hereby agrees to reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank (by making payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Issuing Bank in accordance with Section 2.12) in the amount of each payment made by such Issuing Bank under any Letter of Credit issued for such Account Party's account, such reimbursement to be made on the date such payment under such Letter of Credit is made by such Issuing Bank (but not earlier than the date which is one Business Day after notice of such payment under such Letter of Credit or of the drawing giving rise to such payment under such Letter of Credit is given to such Account Party). Such reimbursement obligation shall be payable without further notice, protest or demand, all of which are hereby waived, and an action therefor shall immediately accrue. To the extent such payment by such Account Party is not timely made, such Account Party hereby agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the respective accounts of the applicable Issuing Bank and the Lenders which have funded their respective shares of such amount remaining unpaid by such Account Party, on demand, interest thereon at the rate then applicable to Base Rate Advances under . Each Letter of Credit Advance shall be a Base Rate Advance.
Account Party's Reimbursement Obligation.
(i) The obligation of each Account Party to reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank for any payment made by such Issuing Bank under any Letter of Credit, and the obligation of each Lender under Section 2.04(e) with respect thereto, shall be unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the applicable Letter of Credit Agreement and any other applicable agreement or instrument under all circumstances, including the following circumstances:
(A) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Loan Document, any Letter of Credit Agreement, any Letter of Credit or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto (all of the foregoing being, collectively, the "");
L/C Related Documents
(B) any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of, all or any of the obligations of any Borrower or any other Person in respect of any L/C Related Document or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to departure from all or any of the L/C Related Documents;
 
(C) the existence of any claim, set-off, defense or other right that any Borrower or any other Person may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of a Letter of Credit (or any Persons for which any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), any Issuing Bank or any other Person, whether in connection with the transactions contemplated by the L/C Related Documents or any unrelated transaction;
(D) any statement or any other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect;
(E) payment by any Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or certificate that does not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit;
(F) any exchange, release or non-perfection of any collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from the Guaranty or any other guarantee, for all or any of the obligations of any Borrower or any other Person in respect of the L/C Related Documents; or
(G) any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, including any other circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, any Borrower or a guarantor.
(c) . If any amount received by an Issuing Bank on account of any Letter of Credit Advance shall be avoided, rescinded or otherwise returned or paid over by such Issuing Bank for any reason at any time, whether before or after the termination of this Agreement (or such Issuing Bank believes in good faith that such avoidance, rescission, return or payment is required, whether or not such matter has been adjudicated), each Lender will (except to the extent a corresponding amount received by such Lender on account of its Letter of Credit Advance relating to the same payment on a Letter of Credit has been avoided, rescinded or otherwise returned or paid over by such Lender), promptly upon notice from the Administrative Agent or such Issuing Bank, pay over to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Issuing Bank its Pro Rata Share of such amount, together with its Pro Rata Share of any interest or penalties payable with respect thereto.
Rescission
Section 2.06The Parent may, upon at least three Business Days' notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate in whole or reduce in part the unused portion of the Commitments; that each partial reduction (i) shall be in an aggregate amount of $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and
. Termination or Reduction of the Commitments.
provided, however,
 
(ii) shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their Commitments.
Section 2.07Each Borrower may, upon notice given not later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City Time) on the Business Day on which such prepayment is to be made, in the case of Base Rate Advances, or on the third Business Day prior to the date on which such prepayment is to be made, in the case of Eurodollar Rate Advances, in each case to the Administrative Agent stating the proposed date and aggregate principal amount of the prepayment, and if such notice is given such Borrower shall, prepay the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Committed Advances comprising part of the same Committed Borrowing in whole or ratably in part, together with accrued interest to the date of such prepayment on the aggregate principal amount prepaid; that (x) each partial prepayment shall be in an aggregate principal amount of $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof (except that prepayment of any Letter of Credit Advance may be made in any amount so long as such Letter of Credit Advance is paid in full or, after giving effect to such prepayment, the aggregate principal amount of all Letter of Credit Advances is an integral multiple of $1,000,000) and (y) if any prepayment of a Eurodollar Rate Advance is made on a date other than the last day of an Interest Period for such Committed Advance, such Borrower shall also pay any amounts owing pursuant to Section 9.04(c). All prepayments in respect of Eurodollar Rate Advances shall be made together with accrued interest to the date of such prepayment on the principal amount prepaid.
. Prepayments.
provided, however,
Section 2.08. . (a) . Each Borrower shall pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Advance owing to each Lender from the date of such Advance until such principal amount shall be paid in full, at the following rates per annum:
Interest
Scheduled Interest
(i) . During such periods as such Advance is a Base Rate Advance, a rate per annum equal at all times to the Base Rate in effect from time to time, payable in arrears quarterly on the last day of each March, June, September and December during such periods and on the Termination Date.
Base Rate Advances
(ii) . During such periods as such Advance is a Eurodollar Rate Advance, a rate per annum equal at all times during each Interest Period for such Advance to the sum of (A) the Eurodollar Rate for such Interest Period for such Advance (B) the Applicable Margin in effect from time to time, payable in arrears on the last day of such Interest Period and, if such Interest Period has a duration of more than three months, on each day that occurs during such Interest Period every three months from the first day of such Interest Period and on the date such Eurodollar Rate Advance shall be Converted or paid in full.
Eurodollar Rate Advances
plus
 
(iii) . Each Lender that is subject to reserve requirements of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor) may require the applicable Borrower to pay, contemporaneously with each payment of interest on Eurodollar Rate Advances, additional interest on the related Eurodollar Rate Advances of such Lender at the rate per annum equal to the excess of (i)(A) the applicable Eurodollar Rate, divided by (B) one minus the Eurodollar Rate Reserve Requirement over (ii) the rate specified in clause (i)(A). Any Lender wishing to require payment of such additional interest shall so notify such Borrower directly, in which case such additional interest on the Eurodollar Rate Advances of such Lender shall be payable to such Lender at the place indicated in such notice with respect to each Interest Period commencing after the giving of such notice.
Regulation D Compensation
(b) . Upon the occurrence and during the existence of an Event of Default under Section 6.01(a) or 6.01(g) or at the request of the Required Lenders during the existence of any other Event of Default, each Borrower shall pay interest on (i) the unpaid principal amount of each Advance owing to each Lender, payable in arrears on the dates referred to in clause (a)(i) or (a)(ii) above and at a rate per annum equal at all times to 2% per annum above the rate per annum required to be paid on such Advance pursuant to clause (a)(i) or (a)(ii) above and (ii) to the fullest extent permitted by law, the amount of any interest, fee or other amount payable under the Loan Documents that is not paid when due, from the date such amount shall be due until such amount shall be paid in full, payable in arrears on the date such amount shall be paid in full and on demand, at a rate per annum equal at all times to 2% per annum above the rate per annum required to be paid, in the case of interest, on the Type of Advance on which such interest has accrued pursuant to clause (a)(i) or (a)(ii) above and, in all other cases, on Base Rate Advances pursuant to clause (a)(i) above.
Default Interest
(c) . Promptly after receipt of a Notice of Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.01(a), a notice of Conversion pursuant to Section 2.10 or a notice of selection of an Interest Period pursuant to the terms of the definition of "", the Administrative Agent shall give notice to the Borrowers and each Lender of the applicable Interest Period and the applicable interest rate determined by the Administrative Agent for purposes of clause (a)(i) or (a)(ii) above.
Notice of Interest Period and Interest Rate
Interest Period
Section 2.09(a) . The Borrowers jointly and severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders a facility fee, from the Effective Date until the Termination Date, payable in arrears quarterly on the last day of each March, June, September and December, commencing on December 31, 2007, and on the Termination Date, at the rate of the Applicable Facility Fee Percentage on the average daily Commitment of each Lender during such quarter (whether used or unused); that no facility fee shall accrue on the Unused Commitment of a Defaulting Lender so long as such Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender.
. Fees.
Facility Fee
provided, however,
 
(b) . Each Borrower agrees that it shall pay to each Agent for its own account such fees as may from time to time be agreed between such Borrower and such Agent.
Agents' Fees
(c) . (i) The Borrowers jointly and severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a commission, payable in arrears quarterly on the last day of each calendar quarter commencing June 30, 2004, and on the earliest to occur of the full drawing, expiration, termination or cancellation of any Letter of Credit and on the Termination Date, on such Lender's Pro Rata Share of the average daily aggregate Available Amount during such quarter of all Letters of Credit issued for the account of such Borrower outstanding from time to time at the rate equal to the then Applicable Margin.
Letter of Credit Fees, Etc
(ii) Each Borrower agrees that it shall pay to the applicable Issuing Bank, for its own account, such commissions, issuance fees, fronting fees, transfer fees and other fees and charges in connection with the issuance or administration of each Letter of Credit issued for the account of such Borrower as such Borrower and such Issuing Bank shall agree in a side letter.
Section 2.10 . Each Borrower may on any Business Day, upon notice given to the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Conversion and subject to the provisions of Section 2.11, Convert all or any portion of the Committed Advances of one Type comprising the same Committed Borrowing into Committed Advances of the other Type; that any Conversion of Base Rate Advances into Eurodollar Rate Advances shall be in an amount not less than the minimum amount specified in Section 2.01 for a Committed Borrowing, no Conversion of any Committed Advances shall result in more separate Committed Borrowings than permitted under Section 2.02(b) and each Conversion of Committed Advances comprising part of the same Committed Borrowing shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments. Each such notice of Conversion shall, within the restrictions specified above, specify. (i) the date of such Conversion, (ii) the Committed Advances to be Converted and (iii) if such Conversion is into Eurodollar Rate Advances, the duration of the initial Interest Period for such Committed Advances. Each notice of Conversion shall be irrevocable and binding on such Borrower.
. Conversion of Advances.
(a) Optional
provided, however,
(b) . (i) On the date on which the aggregate unpaid principal amount of Eurodollar Rate Advances comprising any Committed Borrowing shall be reduced, by payment or prepayment or otherwise, to less than $10,000,000, such Committed Advances shall automatically Convert into Base Rate Advances at the end of the applicable Interest Period.
Mandatory
(ii) If the Borrowers shall fail to select the duration of any Interest Period for any Eurodollar Rate Advances in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of "" in Section 1.01, the
Interest Period
 
Administrative Agent will forthwith so notify the Borrowers and the Lenders, whereupon each such Eurodollar Rate Advance will automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor, Convert into a Base Rate Advance.
(iii) Upon the occurrence and during the existence of an Event of Default under Section 6.01(a) or 6.01(g) or at the request of the Required Lenders during the existence of any other Event of Default, (x) each Eurodollar Rate Advance will automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor, Convert into a Base Rate Advance and (y) the obligation of the Lenders to make, or to Convert Advances into, Eurodollar Rate Advances shall be suspended.
Section 2.11(a) If, due to either (i) the introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of, in each case after the date hereof, any law or regulation or (ii) the compliance with any guideline or request issued after the date hereof from any central bank or other governmental authority (whether or not having the force of law), there shall be any increase in the cost to any Lender of agreeing to make or of making, funding or maintaining Eurodollar Rate Advances or LIBO Rate Advances or of agreeing to issue or of issuing or maintaining or participating in Letters of Credit (excluding, for purposes of this Section 2.11, any such increased costs resulting from (x) Taxes or Other Taxes (as to which Section 2.13 shall govern) and (y) changes in the basis of taxation of overall net income or overall gross income by the United States or by the foreign jurisdiction or state under the laws of which such Lender is organized or has its Applicable Lending Office or any political subdivision thereof), then the Borrowers agree to pay, from time to time, within ten days after demand by such Lender (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent), which demand shall include a statement of the basis for such demand and a calculation in reasonable detail of the amount demanded, to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Lender for such increased cost. A certificate as to the amount of such increased cost, submitted to the Borrowers by such Lender, shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.
. Increased Costs, Etc.
(b) If, due to either (i) the introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of any law or regulation, in each case after the date hereof, or (ii) the compliance with any guideline or request issued after the date hereof from any central bank or other governmental authority (whether or not having the force of law), there shall be any increase in the amount of capital required or expected to be maintained by any Lender or any corporation controlling such Lender as a result of or based upon the existence of such Lender's commitment to lend hereunder and other commitments of such type, then, within ten days after demand by such Lender or such corporation (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent), which demand shall include a statement of the basis for such demand and a calculation in reasonable detail of the amount demanded, the Borrowers jointly and severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender, from time to time as specified by such Lender, additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Lender in the light of such circumstances,
 
to the extent that such Lender reasonably determines such increase in capital to be allocable to the existence of such Lender's commitment to lend or to issue or participate in Letters of Credit hereunder or to the issuance or maintenance of or participation in any Letters of Credit. A certificate as to such amounts submitted to the Borrowers by such Lender shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.
(c) If, prior to the first day of any Interest Period with respect to any Eurodollar Rate Advances, the Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent that the Eurodollar Rate for such Interest Period for such Committed Advances will not adequately reflect the cost to such Lenders of making, funding or maintaining their Eurodollar Rate Advances for such Interest Period, the Administrative Agent shall forthwith so notify the Borrower and the Lenders, whereupon each such Eurodollar Rate Advance will (i) in the case of requested new Eurodollar Rate Advances, be made as or remain Base Rate Advances or as a Eurodollar Rate Advance with a different Interest Period as to which the Required Lenders have not given such a notice and (ii) in the case of existing Eurodollar Rate Advances, automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor, Convert into Base Rate Advances or be continued as a Eurodollar Rate Advance with a different Interest Period as to which the Required Lenders have not given such notice.
(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if the introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of any law or regulation, in each case after the date hereof, shall make it unlawful, or any central bank or other governmental authority shall assert that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its Eurodollar Lending Office to perform its obligations hereunder to make Eurodollar Rate Advances or LIBO Rate Advances or to continue to fund or maintain Eurodollar Rate Advances or LIBO Rate Advances hereunder, then, on notice thereof and demand therefor by such Lender to the Borrowers through the Administrative Agent, (i) each Eurodollar Rate Advance or LIBO Rate Advance, as the case may be, of such Lender will automatically, upon such demand, Convert into a Base Rate Advance or an Advance that bears interest at the rate set forth in Section 2.08(a)(i), as the case may be, and (ii) the obligation of such Lender to make Eurodollar Rate Advances or LIBO Rate Advances or to Convert Committed Advances into Eurodollar Rate Advances shall be suspended until the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrowers that such Lender has determined that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist (it being understood that such Lender shall make and maintain Base Rate Advances in the amount that would otherwise be made and maintained by such Lender as Eurodollar Advances absent the circumstances described above).
(e) Each Lender shall promptly notify the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent of any event of which it has actual knowledge which will result in, and will use reasonable commercial efforts available to it (and not, in such Lender's good faith judgment, otherwise disadvantageous to such Lender) to mitigate or avoid, (i) any obligation by the Borrowers to pay any amount pursuant to subsection (a) or (b) above or pursuant to Section 2.13 or (ii) the occurrence of
 
any circumstances of the nature described in subsection (c) or (d) above (and, if any Lender has given notice of any event described in clause (i) or (ii) above and thereafter such event ceases to exist, such Lender shall promptly so notify the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent). Without limiting the foregoing, each Lender will designate a different Applicable Lending Office if such designation will avoid (or reduce the cost to the Borrowers of) any event described in clause (i) or (ii) of the preceding sentence and such designation will not, in such Lender's good faith judgment, be otherwise disadvantageous to such Lender.
(f) Notwithstanding the provisions of subsections (a) and (b) above or Section 2.13 (and without limiting subsection (e) above), if any Lender fails to notify the Borrowers of any event or circumstance that will entitle such Lender to compensation pursuant subsection (a) or (b) above or Section 2.13 within 120 days after such Lender obtains actual knowledge of such event or circumstance, then such Lender shall not be entitled to compensation, from the Borrowers for any amount arising prior to the date which is 120 days before the date on which such Lender notifies the Borrowers of such event or circumstance.
Section 2.12(a) The applicable Borrower shall make each payment hereunder and under the applicable Notes, irrespective of any right of counterclaim or set-off (except as otherwise provided in Section 2.16), not later than 12:00 noon (New York City time) on the day when due in U.S. dollars to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agent's Account in same day funds, with payments being received by the Administrative Agent after such time being deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day. The Administrative Agent will promptly thereafter cause like funds to be distributed (i) if such payment by such Borrower is in respect of principal, interest, facility fees or any other amount then payable hereunder and under the Notes to more than one Lender, to such Lenders for the account of their respective Applicable Lending Offices ratably in accordance with the amounts of such respective amount then payable to such Lenders and (ii) if such payment by such Borrower is in respect of any amount then payable hereunder to one Lender, to such Lender for the account of its Applicable Lending Office, in each case to be applied in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
. Payments and Computations.
(b) Each Borrower hereby authorizes each Lender, if an Event of Default under Section 6.01(a) has occurred and is continuing, to charge from time to time against any or all of such Borrower's accounts with such Lender any amount owing under this Agreement that resulted in such Event of Default.
(c) All computations of interest on Base Rate Advances (and any other amount payable by reference to the Base Rate) when the Base Rate is determined by reference to JPMCB's prime rate shall be made by the Administrative Agent on the basis of a year of 365 or, if applicable, 366 days; all other computations of interest, fees and Letter of Credit commissions shall be made by the Administrative Agent on the basis of a year of 360 days. All such computations shall be made for the actual number of days (including the first day but excluding the last day) occurring in the period for which such interest, fees or commissions
 
are payable. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate, fee or commission hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.
(d) Whenever any payment hereunder or under the Notes shall be stated to be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day, and such extension of time shall in such case be included in the computation of payment of interest or fee, as the case may be; that, if such extension would cause payment of interest on or principal of Eurodollar Rate Advances or LIBO Rate Advances to be made in the next following calendar month, such payment shall be made on the next preceding Business Day.
provided, however,
(e) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from any Borrower required to make any payment prior to the date on which any payment is due to any Lender hereunder that such Borrower will not make such payment in full, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Borrower has made such payment in full to the Administrative Agent on such date and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, cause to be distributed to each such Lender on such due date an amount equal to the amount then due such Lender. If and to the extent such Borrower shall not have so made such payment in full to the Administrative Agent, each such Lender shall repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such amount distributed to such Lender together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is distributed to such Lender until the date such Lender repays such amount to the Administrative Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate.
Section 2.13(a) Any and all payments by any Loan Party hereunder or under the Notes shall be made, in accordance with Section 2.12, free and clear of and without deduction for any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings, and all liabilities with respect thereto, in the case of each Lender and each Agent, taxes that are imposed on its overall net income and any branch profits taxes by the United States and taxes that are imposed on its overall net income (and franchise taxes imposed in lieu thereof) and any branch profits taxes by the state or foreign jurisdiction under the laws of which such Lender or such Agent, as the case may be, is organized or any political subdivision thereof and, in the case of each Lender, taxes that are imposed on its overall net income (and franchise taxes imposed in lieu thereof) and any branch profits taxes by the state or foreign jurisdiction of such Lender's Applicable Lending Office or any political subdivision thereof (all such non-excluded taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges, withholdings and liabilities in respect of payments hereunder or under the Notes being herein referred to as ""). If any Loan Party shall be required by law to deduct any Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable hereunder or under any Note to any Lender or any Agent, (i) the sum payable by such Loan Party shall be increased as may be necessary so that after such Loan Party and the Administrative Agent have made all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.13) such
. Taxes.
excluding,
Taxes
 
Lender or such Agent, as the case may be, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) such Loan Party shall make all such deductions and (iii) such Loan Party shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant taxation authority or other authority in accordance with applicable law.
(b) In addition, each Loan Party shall pay any present or future stamp, documentary, excise, property or similar taxes, charges or levies that arise from any payment made hereunder or under the Notes or from the execution, delivery or registration of, performance under, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or the Notes (herein referred to as "").
Other Taxes
(c) Each Loan Party shall indemnify each Lender and each Agent for and hold them harmless against the full amount of Taxes and Other Taxes, and for the full amount of taxes of any kind imposed by any jurisdiction on amounts payable under this Section 2.13, imposed on or paid by such Lender or such Agent (as the case may be) and any liability (including penalties, additions to tax, interest and expenses) arising therefrom or with respect thereto. This indemnification payment shall be made within 30 days from the date such Lender or such Agent (as the case may be) makes written demand therefor.
(d) Within 30 days after the date of any payment of Taxes, each Loan Party shall furnish to the Administrative Agent, at its address referred to in Section 9.02, the original or a certified copy of a receipt evidencing such payment. In the case of any payment hereunder or under the Notes by or on behalf of a Loan Party through an account or branch outside the United States or by or on behalf of a Loan Party by a payor that is not a United States person, if such Loan Party determines that no Taxes are payable in respect thereof, such Loan Party shall furnish, or shall cause such payor to furnish, to the Administrative Agent, at such address, an opinion of counsel acceptable to the Administrative Agent stating that such payment is exempt from Taxes. For purposes of subsections (d) and (e) of this Section 2.13, the terms "" and "" shall have the meanings specified in Section 7701(a)(9) and 7701(a)(10) of the Internal Revenue Code, respectively.
United States
United States person
(e) Each Lender organized under the laws of a jurisdiction outside the United States shall, on or prior to the date of its execution and delivery of this Agreement in the case of each Initial Lender, as the case may be, and on the date on which it becomes a Lender in the case of each other Lender, and from time to time thereafter as requested in writing by the Parent (but only so long thereafter as such Lender remains lawfully able to do so), provide each of the Administrative Agent and the Parent with two original Internal Revenue Service forms W-8BEN or W-8ECI or (in the case of a Lender that has certified in writing to the Administrative Agent that it is not a "" as defined in Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code) form W-8 (and, if such Lender delivers a form W-8, a certificate representing that such Lender is not a "" for purposes of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code, is not a 10-percent shareholder (within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code) of the
bank
bank
 
Parent and is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Parent (within the meaning of Section 864(d)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code)), as appropriate, or any successor or other form prescribed by the Internal Revenue Service, certifying that such Lender is exempt from or entitled to a reduced rate of United States withholding tax on payments pursuant to this Agreement or the Notes or, in the case of a Lender providing a form W-8, certifying that such Lender is a foreign corporation, partnership, estate or trust. If the forms provided by a Lender at the time such Lender first becomes a party to this Agreement indicate a United States interest withholding tax rate in excess of zero, withholding tax at such rate shall be considered excluded from Taxes unless and until such Lender provides the appropriate forms certifying that a lesser rate applies, whereupon withholding tax at such lesser rate only shall be considered excluded from Taxes for periods governed by such forms; that if, at the effective date of the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which a Lender becomes a party to this Agreement, the Lender assignor was entitled to payments under subsection (a) of this Section 2.13 in respect of United States withholding tax with respect to interest paid at such date, then, to such extent, the term Taxes shall include (in addition to withholding taxes that may be imposed in the future or other amounts otherwise includible in Taxes) United States withholding tax, if any, applicable with respect to the Lender assignee on such date. If any form or document referred to in this subsection (e) requires the disclosure of information, other than information necessary to compute the tax payable and information required on the date hereof by Internal Revenue Service form W-8BEN,W-8ECI or W-8 (and the related certificate described above), that the Lender reasonably considers to be confidential, the Lender shall give notice thereof to the Parent and shall not be obligated to include in such form or document such confidential information.
provided, however,
(f) For any period with respect to which a Lender which may lawfully do so has failed to provide the Parent with the appropriate form described in subsection (e) above ( if such failure is due to a change in law occurring after the date on which a form originally was required to be provided or if such form otherwise is not required under subsection (e) above), such Lender shall not be entitled to indemnification under subsection (a) or (c) of this Section 2.13 with respect to Taxes imposed by the United States by reason of such failure; that should a Lender become subject to Taxes because of its failure to deliver a form required hereunder, the Parent shall take such steps as such Lender shall reasonably request to assist such Lender to recover such Taxes.
other than
provided, however,
(g) Each Lender represents and warrants to the Borrowers that, as of the date such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement, such Lender is entitled to receive payments hereunder from the Borrowers without deduction or withholding for or on account of any Taxes.
(h) If a Lender or the Administrative Agent shall become aware that it is entitled to claim a refund from a governmental authority in respect of Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the Borrowers, or with respect to which the Borrowers have paid additional amounts, pursuant to this Section 2.13, it shall promptly notify the Borrowers of the availability of such refund
 
claim and shall, within 30 days after receipt of a request by the Borrowers, make a claim to such governmental authority for such refund at the Borrowers' expense, if obtaining such refund would not, in the good faith judgment of the Lender or Administrative Agent entitled to such refund, be materially disadvantageous to such Lender or the Administrative Agent; that nothing in this Section 2.13(h) shall be construed to require any Lender or the Administrative Agent to institute any administrative proceeding (other than the filing of a claim for any such refund) or judicial proceeding to obtain any such refund. If a Lender or the Administrative Agent determines, in its sole discretion, that it has received a refund in respect of any Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the Borrowers or with respect to which the Borrowers have paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.13, it shall within 60 days from the date of such receipt pay over such refund to the Borrowers (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrowers under this Section 2.13 with respect to the Taxes or Other Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses of such Lender or the Administrative Agent and without interest (other than interest paid by the relevant governmental authority with respect to such refund); provided, however, that the Borrowers, upon request of such Lender or the Administrative Agent, agree to repay the amount paid over to the Borrowers (plus penalties, interest or other charges) to such Lender or the Administrative Agent in the event such Lender or the Administrative Agent is required to repay such refund to such governmental authority. Nothing in this Section 2.13(h) shall be construed to require the Administrative Agent or any Lender to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes which it deems confidential) to the Borrowers or any other Person.
provided
(i) Any Lender or the Administrative Agent claiming any indemnity payment or additional amounts payable pursuant to this Section 2.13 shall use reasonable efforts (consistent with legal and regulatory restrictions) to file any certificate or document reasonably requested by the Parent or to change the jurisdiction of its Applicable Lending Office if the making of such a filing or change would avoid the need for or reduce the amount of any such indemnity payment or additional amounts that may thereafter accrue and would not, in the determination of such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, be otherwise disadvantageous to such Lender or the Administrative Agent.
Section 2.14If any Lender shall obtain at any time any payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of set-off, or otherwise, other than as a result of an assignment pursuant to Section 9.07) (a) on account of obligations due and payable to such Lender hereunder and under the Notes at such time in excess of its ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such obligations due and payable to such Lender at such time to (ii) the aggregate amount of the obligations due and payable to all Lenders hereunder and under the Notes at such time) of payments on account of the obligations due and payable to all Lenders hereunder and under the Notes at such time obtained by all the Lenders at such time or (b)
. Sharing of Payments, Etc.
 
on account of obligations owing (but not due and payable) to such Lender hereunder and under the Notes at such time in excess of its ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such obligations owing to such Lender at such time to (ii) the aggregate amount of the obligations owing (but not due and payable) to all Lenders hereunder and under the Notes at such time) of payments on account of the obligations owing (but not due and payable) to all Lenders hereunder and under the Notes at such time obtained by all of the Lenders at such time, such Lender shall forthwith purchase from the other Lenders such interests or participating interests in the obligations due and payable or owing to them, as the case may be, as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing Lender to share the excess payment ratably with each of them; that if all or any portion of such excess payment is thereafter recovered from such purchasing Lender, such purchase from each other Lender shall be rescinded and such other Lender shall repay to the purchasing Lender the purchase price to the extent of such Lender's ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the purchase price paid to such Lender to (ii) the aggregate purchase price paid to all Lenders) of such recovery together with an amount equal to such Lender's ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such other Lender's required repayment to (ii) the total amount so recovered from the purchasing Lender) of any interest or other amount paid or payable by the purchasing Lender in respect of the total amount so recovered. Each Borrower agrees that any Lender so purchasing an interest or participating interest from another Lender pursuant to this Section 2.14 may, to the fullest extent permitted by law, exercise all its rights of payment (including the right of set-off) with respect to such interest or participating interest, as the case may be, as fully as if such Lender were the direct creditor of such Borrower in the amount of such interest or participating interest, as the case may be.
provided, however,
Section 2.15The proceeds of the Advances shall be available (and each Borrower agrees that it shall use such proceeds) to provide working capital, and for other general corporate purposes of the Borrowers and their respective Subsidiaries.
. Use of Proceeds.
Section 2.16(a) In the event that, at any one time, (i) any Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender, (ii) such Defaulting Lender shall owe a Defaulted Advance to any Borrower and (iii) such Borrower shall be required to make any payment hereunder or under any other Loan Document to or for the account of such Defaulting Lender, then such Borrower may, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, set off and otherwise apply the obligation of such Borrower to make such payment to or for the account of such Defaulting Lender against the obligation of such Defaulting Lender to make such Defaulted Advance. In the event that, on any date, any Borrower shall so set off and otherwise apply its obligation to make any such payment against the obligation of such Defaulting Lender to make any such Defaulted Advance on or prior to such date, the amount so set off and otherwise applied by such Borrower shall constitute for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents an Advance by such Defaulting Lender made on the date of such setoff. Such
. Defaulting Lenders.
 
Committed Advance shall be considered, for all purposes of this Agreement, to comprise part of the Committed Borrowing in connection with which such Defaulted Advance was originally required to have been made pursuant to Section 2.01, even if the other Committed Advances comprising such Borrowing shall be Eurodollar Rate Advances on the date such Committed Advance is deemed to be made pursuant to this subsection (a). Each Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent at any time such Borrower exercises its right of set-off pursuant to this subsection (a) and shall set forth in such notice (A) the name of the Defaulting Lender and the Defaulted Advance required to be made by such Defaulting Lender and (B) the amount set off and otherwise applied in respect of such Defaulted Advance pursuant to this subsection (a). Any portion of such payment otherwise required to be made by such Borrower to or for the account of such Defaulting Lender which is paid by such Borrower, after giving effect to the amount set off and otherwise applied by such Borrower pursuant to this subsection (a), shall be applied by the Administrative Agent as specified in subsection (b) or (c) of this Section 2.16.
(b) In the event that, at any one time, (i) any Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender, (ii) such Defaulting Lender shall owe a Defaulted Amount to any Agent or any of the other Lenders and (iii) any Borrower shall make any payment hereunder or under any other Loan Document to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender, then the Administrative Agent may, on its behalf or on behalf of such other Agents or such other Lenders and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, apply at such time the amount so paid by such Borrower to or for the account of such Defaulting Lender to the payment of each such Defaulted Amount to the extent required to pay such Defaulted Amount. In the event that the Administrative Agent shall so apply any such amount to the payment of any such Defaulted Amount on any date, the amount so applied by the Administrative Agent shall constitute for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents payment, to such extent, of such Defaulted Amount on such date. Any such amount so applied by the Administrative Agent shall be retained by the Administrative Agent or distributed by the Administrative Agent to such other Agents or such other Lenders, ratably in accordance with the respective portions of such Defaulted Amounts payable at such time to the Administrative Agent, such other Agents and such other Lenders and, if the amount of such payment made by such Borrower shall at such time be insufficient to pay all Defaulted Amounts owing at such time to the Administrative Agent, such other Agents and such other Lenders, in the following order of priority:
(i) , to the Agents for any Defaulted Amounts then owing to the Agents, ratably in accordance with such respective Defaulted Amounts then owing to the Agents;
first
(ii) , to each Issuing Bank for any amount then due and payable to it, in its capacity as such, by such Defaulting Lender, ratably in accordance with such amounts then due and payable to the Issuing Banks; and
second
 
(iii) , to any other Lenders for any Defaulted Amounts then owing to such other Lenders, ratably in accordance with such respective Defaulted Amounts then owing to such other Lenders.
third
Any portion of such amount paid by such Borrower for the account of such Defaulting Lender remaining, after giving effect to the amount applied by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this subsection (b), shall be applied by the Administrative Agent as specified in subsection (c) of this Section 2.16.
(c) In the event that, at any one time, (i) any Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender, (ii) such Defaulting Lender shall not owe a Defaulted Advance or a Defaulted Amount and (iii) any Borrower, any Agent or any other Lender shall be required to pay or distribute any amount hereunder or under any other Loan Document to or for the account of such Defaulting Lender, then such Borrower or such Agent or such other Lender shall pay such amount to the Administrative Agent to be held by the Administrative Agent, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in escrow or the Administrative Agent shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, hold in escrow such amount otherwise held by it. Any funds held by the Administrative Agent in escrow under this subsection (c) shall be deposited by the Administrative Agent in an account with JPMCB, in the name and under the control of the Administrative Agent, but subject to the provisions of this subsection (c). The terms applicable to such account, including the rate of interest payable with respect to the credit balance of such account from time to time, shall be JPMCB's standard terms applicable to escrow accounts maintained with it. Any interest credited to such account from time to time shall be held by the Administrative Agent in escrow under, and applied by the Administrative Agent from time to time in accordance with the provisions of, this subsection (c). The Administrative Agent shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, apply all funds so held in escrow from time to time to the extent necessary to make any Advances required to be made by such Defaulting Lender and to pay any amount payable by such Defaulting Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents to the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, as and when such Advances or amounts are required to be made or paid and, if the amount so held in escrow shall at any time be insufficient to make and pay all such Advances and amounts required to be made or paid at such time, in the following order of priority:
(i) , to the Agents for any amounts then due and payable by such Defaulting Lender to the Agents hereunder, ratably in accordance with such amounts then due and payable to the Agents;
first
(ii) , to each Issuing Bank for any amount then due and payable to it, in its capacity as such, by such Defaulting Lender, ratably in accordance with such amounts then due and payable to the Issuing Banks;
second
(iii) , to any other Lenders for any amount then due and payable by such Defaulting Lender to such other Lenders hereunder,
third
 
ratably in accordance with such respective amounts then due and payable to such other Lenders; and
(iv) , to such Borrower for any Advance then required to be made by such Defaulting Lender pursuant to the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender.
fourth
In the event that any Lender that is a Defaulting Lender shall, at any time, cease to be a Defaulting Lender, any funds held by the Administrative Agent in escrow at such time with respect to such Lender shall be distributed by the Administrative Agent to such Lender and applied by such Lender to the obligations owing to such Lender at such time under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents ratably in accordance with the respective amounts of such obligations outstanding at such time.
(c) The rights and remedies against a Defaulting Lender under this Section 2.16 are in addition to other rights and remedies that such Borrower may have against such Defaulting Lender with respect to any Defaulted Advance and that any Agent or any Lender may have against such Defaulting Lender with respect to any Defaulted Amount.
Section 2.17At any time any Lender is an Affected Lender, the Borrowers may replace such Affected Lender as a party to this Agreement with one or more other Lenders and/or Assignees, and upon notice from the Borrowers such Affected Lender shall assign, and without recourse or warranty, its Commitment, its Committed Advances, its Letter of Credit Advances, its obligations to fund Letter of Credit payments, its participation in, and its rights and obligations with respect to, Letters of Credit, and all of its other rights and obligations hereunder to such other Lenders and/or Assignees for a purchase price equal to the sum of the principal amount of the Committed Advances so assigned, all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, such Affected Lender's ratable share of all accrued and unpaid fees payable pursuant to Section 2.09, any amounts payable pursuant to Section 9.04(c) as a result of such Affected Lender receiving payment of any Eurodollar Rate Advance prior to the end of an Interest Period therefor (assuming for such purpose that receipt of payment pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance constitutes payment of such Eurodollar Rate Advances) and all other obligations owed to such Affected Lender hereunder.
. Replacement of Affected Lender.
Section 2.18. .
Certain Provisions Relating to the Issuing Banks and Letters of Credit
(a) . The representations, warranties and covenants by the Borrowers under, and the rights and remedies of the applicable Issuing Bank under, any Letter of Credit Agreement relating to any Letter of Credit are in addition to, and not in limitation or derogation of, representations, warranties and covenants by the Borrowers under, and rights and remedies of such Issuing Bank and the Lenders under, this Agreement and applicable law.
Letter of Credit Agreements
 
Each Account Party acknowledges and agrees that all rights of the applicable Issuing Bank under any Letter of Credit Agreement shall inure to the benefit of each Lender to the extent of its Letter of Credit Participating Interest Commitment as fully as if such Lender was a party to such Letter of Credit Agreement. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of this Agreement and any Letter of Credit Agreement, this Agreement shall prevail.
(b) . No Issuing Bank shall have any duties or responsibilities to any Agent or any Lender except those expressly set forth in this Agreement, and no implied duties or responsibilities on the part of any Issuing Bank shall be read into this Agreement or shall otherwise exist. The duties and responsibilities of the Issuing Banks to the Lenders and the Agents under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be mechanical and administrative in nature, and no Issuing Bank shall have a fiduciary relationship in respect of any Agent, any Lender or any other Person. No Issuing Bank shall be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it under or in connection with this Agreement or any Loan Document or Letter of Credit, except as specifically set forth in Section 9.09. No Issuing Bank shall be under any obligation to ascertain, inquire or give any notice to any Agent or any Lender relating to (i) the performance or observance of any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement or any other Loan Document on the part of any Borrower, (ii) the business, operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Borrowers or any other Person, or (iii) the existence of any Default. No Issuing Bank shall be under any obligation, either initially or on a continuing basis, to provide any Agent or any Lender with any notices, reports or information of any nature, whether in its possession presently or hereafter, except for such notices, reports and other information expressly required by this Agreement to be so furnished. No Issuing Bank shall be responsible for the execution, delivery, effectiveness, enforceability, genuineness, validity or adequacy of this Agreement or any Loan Document.
Certain Provisions
(c) . An Issuing Bank may rely upon any notice or other communication of any nature (written or oral, including telephone conversations, whether or not such notice or other communication is made in a manner permitted or required by this Agreement or any other Loan Document) purportedly made by or on behalf of the proper party or parties, and no Issuing Bank shall have any duty to verify the identity or authority of any Person giving such notice or other communication. Any Issuing Bank may consult with legal counsel (including in-house counsel for such Issuing Bank or in-house or other counsel for the Borrowers), independent public accountants and any other experts selected by it from time to time, and no Issuing Bank shall be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts. Whenever an Issuing Bank shall deem it necessary or desirable that a matter be proved or established with respect to any Borrower, Agent or Lender, such matter may be established by a certificate of such Borrower, Agent or Lender, as the case may be, and such Issuing Bank may conclusively rely upon such certificate. No Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have
Administration
 
any knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default unless such Issuing Bank has received notice from a Lender, an Agent or a Borrower referring to this Agreement, describing such Default, and stating that such notice is a "".
notice of default
(d) . Each Lender hereby severally agrees to reimburse and indemnify each Issuing Bank and each of its directors, officers, employees and agents (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrowers and without limitation of the obligations of the Borrowers to do so), in accordance with its Pro Rata Share, from and against any and all amounts, losses, liabilities, claims, damages, expenses, obligations, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs or disbursements of any kind or nature (including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel (other than in-house counsel) for such Issuing Bank or such other Person in connection with any investigative, administrative or judicial proceeding commenced or threatened, whether or not such Issuing Bank or such other Person shall be designated a party thereto) that may at any time be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Issuing Bank, in its capacity as such, or such other Person, as a result of, or arising out of, or in any way related to or by reason of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any Letter of Credit, any transaction from time to time contemplated hereby or thereby, or any transaction financed in whole or in part or directly or indirectly with the proceeds of any Letter of Credit, , that no Lender shall be liable for any portion of such amounts, losses, liabilities, claims, damages, expenses, obligations, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs or disbursements to the extent resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Issuing Bank or such other Person, as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction.
Indemnification of Issuing Banks by Lenders
provided
(e) . With respect to its Commitments and the obligations owing to it, each Issuing Bank shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement and each other Loan Document as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not an Issuing Bank, and the term "" and like terms shall include each Issuing Bank in its individual capacity as such. Each Issuing Bank and its affiliates may, without liability to account to any Person, make loans to, accept deposits from, acquire debt or equity interests in, act as trustee under indentures of, act as agent under other credit facilities for, and engage in any other business with, any Borrower and any stockholder, subsidiary or affiliate of any Borrower, as though such Issuing Bank were not an Issuing Bank hereunder.
Issuing Bank in its Individual Capacity
Lenders
Section 2.19(a) If a Downgrade Event shall occur with respect to (i) any Downgraded Lender or (ii) any other Lender and, as a result thereof, such other Lender becomes a Downgraded Lender, any Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender may, by notice to such Downgraded Lender, the Administrative Agent and the Parent within 45 days after such Downgrade Event (any such notice, a ""), request that the Borrowers use reasonable efforts to replace such Lender as a party to this Agreement pursuant to Section 2.17. If such Lender is not so replaced within 45 days after receipt by the Borrowers of such Downgrade Notice, :
. Downgrade Event with Respect to a Lender.
then
Downgrade Notice
then
 
(x) if no Default exists and such Downgraded Lender has not exercised its right to remain a Lender hereunder pursuant to clause (y) below, the following shall occur concurrently:
(A) the Committed Facility shall be reduced by the amount of the Commitment of such Downgraded Lender,
(B) the Borrowers shall prepay all amounts owed to such Downgraded Lender hereunder or in connection herewith (including any amount payable pursuant to Section 9.04(c) as a result of such Downgraded Lender receiving payment of any Eurodollar Rate Advance prior to the end of an Interest Period therefor),
(C) if, upon the reduction of the Committed Facility under clause (A) above and the payment under clause (B) above, the sum of the principal amount of all Advances plus the Available Amount of all Letters of Credit (valuing the Available Amount of, and Letter of Credit Advances of each Issuing Bank in respect of, any Non-Dollar Letter of Credit at the Dollar Equivalent thereof as of the time of such calculation) would exceed the amount of the Committed Facility, then the Borrowers will immediately eliminate such excess by prepaying Committed Advances and/or causing the Available Amount of one or more Letters of Credit to be reduced, and
(D) upon completion of the events described in clauses (A), (B) and (C) above, such Downgraded Lender shall cease to be a party to this Agreement; that the provisions of Sections 2.11, 2.13 and 9.04 of this Agreement shall continue to inure to the benefit of each such Downgraded Lender.
provided
or (y) if a Default exists or, not later than 30 days after receipt of such Downgrade Notice, such Downgraded Lender notifies the Borrowers, the Issuing Banks, the Swingline Lenders and the Administrative Agent that such Downgraded Lender elects to provide (in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lenders) cash collateral to each of the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lenders for (or if such Downgraded Lender is unable, without regulatory approval, to provide cash collateral, letters of credit in each case reasonably satisfactory to the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lenders covering) its contingent obligations to (i) reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank for any payment under any Letter of Credit as provided in Section 2.04(e) (its "") and (ii) make payments to the Swingline Lenders in respect of Swingline Advances as provided in Section 2.24(h) (its ""), such Downgraded Lender shall be obligated to (and each Lender agrees that in such circumstances it will) deliver to each of the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lenders (I) immediately, cash collateral (or, as aforesaid, a letter of credit) in an amount equal to its LC Participation Obligations
LC Participation Obligations
Swingline Participation Obligations
 
or its Swingline Participation Obligations, as applicable, and (II) from time to time thereafter (so long as it is a Downgraded Lender), cash collateral (or, as aforesaid, a letter of credit) sufficient to cover any increase in its LC Participation Obligations or its Swingline Participation Obligations as a result of any proposed issuance of or increase in a Letter of Credit or borrowing of a Swingline Advance. Any funds provided by a Downgraded Lender for such purpose shall be maintained in a segregated deposit account in the name of each such Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender at an office of such Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender in the United States (a ""). The funds so deposited in any Downgrade Account shall be used only in accordance with the following provisions of this Section 2.19.
Downgrade Account
(b) If any Downgraded Lender shall be required to fund its participation in a payment under a Letter of Credit pursuant to Section 2.04(e), then the applicable Issuing Bank shall apply the funds deposited in the applicable Downgrade Account by such Downgraded Lender to fund such participation. If any Downgraded Lender shall be required to fund its Swingline Participation Obligations pursuant to Section 2.24(h), then the applicable Swingline Lender shall apply the funds deposited in the applicable Downgrade Account by such Downgraded Lender to fund such obligations. The deposit of funds in a Downgrade Account by any Downgraded Lender shall not constitute a Letter of Credit Advance or a Swingline Advance (and the Downgraded Lender shall not be entitled to interest on such funds except as provided in clause (c) below) unless and until (and then only to the extent that) such funds are used by the applicable Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender to fund the participation of such Downgraded Lender pursuant to this clause (b).
(c) Funds in a Downgrade Account maintained by an Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender (in this context, a "") shall be invested in such investments as may be agreed between such Protected Party and the applicable Downgraded Lender, and the income from such investments shall be distributed to such Downgraded Lender from time to time (but not less often than monthly) as agreed between such Protected Party and such Downgraded Lender. Each Protected Party will (i) from time to time, upon request by a Downgraded Lender, release to such Downgraded Lender any amount on deposit in the applicable Downgrade Account in excess of the LC Participation Obligations or Swingline Participation Obligations of such Downgraded Lender to such Protected Party and (ii) upon the earliest to occur of (A) the effective date of any replacement of such Downgraded Lender as a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance, (B) the termination of such Downgraded Lender's Commitment pursuant to clause (a) or (C) the first Letter of Credit Business Day after receipt by such Protected Party of evidence (reasonably satisfactory to such Protected Party) that such Lender is no longer a Downgraded Lender, release to such Lender all amounts on deposit in the applicable Downgrade Account.
Protected Party
(d) At any time any Downgraded Lender is required to maintain cash collateral with a Protected Party pursuant to this Section 2.19, such Protected Party shall have no obligation to issue or increase any Letter of Credit or advance
 
or increase any Swingline Advance unless such Downgraded Lender has provided sufficient funds as cash collateral to (A) the Issuing Banks to cover all LC Participation Obligations of and (B) the Swingline Lenders to cover all Swingline Participation Obligations of such Downgraded Lender (including in respect of the Letter of Credit to be issued or increased and the Swingline Advance to be advanced or increased).
Section 2.20At any time that an Issuing Bank is a Downgraded Lender or at such other times as an Issuing Bank and the Borrowers may agree, the Borrowers may, upon not less than three Letter of Credit Business Days' notice to such Issuing Bank (in this Section sometimes referred to as the "") and the Administrative Agent, designate any Lender (so long as such Lender has agreed to such designation) as an additional "" hereunder (in this Section sometimes referred to as the ""). Such notice shall specify the date (which shall be a Letter of Credit Business Day) on which the New Issuing Bank is to become an additional "" hereunder. From and after such date, all new Letters of Credit requested to be issued hereunder shall be issued by the New Issuing Bank. From and after such date (and until the first date on which no Letters of Credit issued by the Old Issuing Bank are outstanding and no reimbursement obligations are owed to the Old Issuing Bank, on which date the Old Issuing Bank shall cease to be an Issuing Bank hereunder), references in this Agreement to an "" shall be deemed to refer (a) to the Old Issuing Bank, with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it, (b) to the New Issuing Bank, with respect to Letters of Credit issued or to be issued by it, and (c) to each of the Old Issuing Bank and the New Issuing Bank, with respect to other matters. Notwithstanding the fact that an Old Issuing Bank shall cease to be an "" hereunder, all of the exculpatory, indemnification and similar provisions hereof in favor of an "" shall inure to such Old Issuing Bank's benefit as to any actions taken or omitted by it while it was an "" under this Agreement. The Borrowers agree that after any appointment of a New Issuing Bank hereunder, the Borrowers shall use reasonable commercial efforts to promptly replace (or otherwise cause the applicable beneficiary to return to the Old Issuing Bank for cancellation) each letter of credit issued by the Old Issuing Bank.
. Downgrade Event or Other Event with Respect to any Issuing Bank.
Old Issuing Bank
Issuing Bank
New Issuing Bank
Issuing Bank
Issuing Bank
Issuing Bank
Issuing Bank
Issuing Bank
Section 2.21(a) The Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders (i) agree that an Issuing Bank may (in its sole discretion) issue Letters of Credit ("") in currencies other than U.S. dollars and (ii) further agree as follows with respect to such Non-Dollar Letters of Credit:
. Non-Dollar Letters of Credit.
Non-Dollar Letters of Credit
(b) The Borrowers agree that their reimbursement obligations under Section 2.05(b) and any resulting Letter of Credit Advance, in each case in respect of a drawing under any Non-Dollar Letter of Credit, (i) shall be payable in Dollars at the Dollar Equivalent of such obligation in the currency in which such Non-Dollar Letter of Credit was issued (determined on the date of payment) and (ii) shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to (A) in the case of amounts
 
owed to the applicable Issuing Bank, the sum of the Overnight Rate the Applicable Margin for Eurodollar Rate Advances 2% and (B) in the case of amounts owing to any other Lender, the Base Rate plus 2%, in each case for each day from and including the date on which the applicable Account Party is to reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.05(b) to but excluding the date such obligation is paid in full.
plus
plus
(c) Each Lender agrees that its obligation to pay the applicable Issuing Bank such Lender's Pro Rata Share of the unreimbursed portion of any payment by such Issuing Bank under Section 2.04(e) in respect of a drawing under any Non-Dollar Letter of Credit shall be payable in Dollars at the Dollar Equivalent of such obligation in the currency in which such Non-Dollar Letter of Credit was issued (calculated on the date of payment) (and any such amount which is not paid when due shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Overnight Rate , beginning on the third Business Day after such amount was due, the Applicable Margin for Eurodollar Rate Advances).
plus
(d) For purposes of determining whether there is availability for the Borrowers to request any Advance or to request the issuance or extension of, or any increase in, any Letter of Credit, the Dollar Equivalent amount of the Available Amount of each Non-Dollar Letter of Credit shall be calculated as of the date such Advance is to be made or such Letter of Credit is to be issued, extended or increased.
(e) For purposes of determining the letter of credit fee under Section 2.09(d), the Dollar Equivalent amount of the Available Amount of any Non-Dollar Letter of Credit shall be determined on each of (i) the date of an issuance, extension or change in the Available Amount of such Non-Dollar Letter of Credit, (ii) the date of any payment by an Issuing Bank in respect of a drawing under such Non-Dollar Letter of Credit, (iii) the last day of each calendar month and (iv) each day on which the Commitments are to be reduced pursuant to Section 2.06 (it being understood that no requested reduction shall be permitted to the extent that, after making a calculation pursuant this clause (e), such reduction would be greater than the unused portion of the Commitments).
(f) If, on the last day of any calendar month, the sum of the principal amount of all Advances plus the Available Amount of all Letters of Credit (valuing the Available Amount of, and Letter of Credit Advances in respect of, any Non-Dollar Letter of Credit at the Dollar Equivalent thereof as of such day) would exceed the amount of the Committed Facility, then the Borrowers will immediately eliminate such excess by prepaying Committed Advances and/or causing the Available Amount of one or more Letters of Credit to be reduced.
(g) If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due in respect of any Non-Dollar Letter of Credit in one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with its normal banking procedures the applicable Issuing Bank could purchase the first currency with such other currency on the Letter of
 
Credit Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given. The obligation of any Account Party in respect of any such sum due from it to an Issuing Bank or any Lender hereunder shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the "") other than that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement and the applicable Non-Dollar Letter of Credit (the ""), be discharged only to the extent that on the Letter of Credit Business Day following receipt by such Issuing Bank or such Lender of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, such Issuing Bank or such Lender may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to such Issuing Bank or such Lender in the Agreement Currency, the applicable Account Party agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify such Issuing Bank or such Lender, as applicable, against such loss. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is greater than the sum originally due to such Issuing Bank or such Lender in such currency, each Issuing Bank and each Lender agrees to return the amount of any excess to the applicable Account Party (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under applicable law).
Judgment Currency
Agreement Currency
(h) For purposes of this Section, "" means, in relation to an amount denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars, the amount of U.S. dollars which could be purchased with such amount by the applicable Issuing Bank in accordance with its customary procedures (and giving effect to any transaction costs) at the quoted foreign exchange spot rate of such Issuing Bank at the time of determination; and "" means, for any day, the rate of interest per annum at which overnight deposits in the applicable currency, in an amount approximately equal to the amount with respect to which such rate is being determined, would be offered for such day by such Issuing Bank to major banks in the London or other applicable offshore interbank market. The Overnight Rate for any day which is not a Letter of Credit Business Day (or on which dealings are not carried on in the applicable offshore interbank market) shall be the Overnight Rate for the immediately preceding Letter of Credit Business Day.
Dollar Equivalent
Overnight Rate
Section 2.22(a) From time to time subsequent to the Effective Date, the Borrowers jointly may, upon at least 30 days' notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly provide a copy of such notice to the Lenders), propose to increase the aggregate amount of the Commitments by an amount which is not less than $25,000,000 with respect to any such request; provided that the Committed Facility may not exceed $1,000,000,000 at any time. The Borrowers may increase the aggregate amount of the Commitments by (i) having another lender or other lenders (each, an "") become party to this Agreement, (ii) agreeing with any Lender to increase its Commitment hereunder or (iii) a combination of the procedures described in clauses (i) and (ii) of this sentence; that the sum of the increases in the Commitments of the Lenders plus the Commitments of the Additional Lenders shall not in the aggregate exceed the amount of the requested increase.
. Increase in Commitments.
Additional Lender
provided
 
(b) An increase in the aggregate amount of the Commitments pursuant to this Section 2.22 shall become effective upon the receipt by the Administrative Agent of an agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent signed by the Borrowers, by each Additional Lender and by each other Lender whose Commitment is to be increased, setting forth the new Commitments of such Lenders and setting forth the agreement of each Additional Lender to become a party to this Agreement and to be bound by all the terms and provisions hereof, together with such evidence of appropriate corporate authorization on the part of the Borrowers with respect thereto and such opinions of counsel for the Borrowers with respect thereto as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. At the time of any increase in the aggregate amount of the Commitments pursuant to this Section 2.22, the Borrowers shall represent (i) that, immediately before and after any such increase is made, no Default has occurred and is continuing and (ii) that the representations and warranties of the Borrowers contained in the Loan Documents are true in all material respects on and as of the date such increase is made, except for such representations or warranties which by their terms are made as of a specified date, which shall be true and correct as of such specified date.
(c) Upon any increase in the amount of the Commitments pursuant to this Section 2.22:
(i) the applicable Borrower shall (A) at the end of the current Interest Period, in the case of any Eurodollar Rate Advances then outstanding and (B) within five Business Days, in the case of any Base Rate Advances then outstanding, prepay or repay each such Advance then outstanding in its entirety and, to the extent such Borrower elects to do so and subject to the conditions specified in Article 3, such Borrower shall reborrow Committed Advances from the Lenders in proportion to their respective Commitments after giving effect to such increase, until such time as all outstanding Committed Advances are held by the Lenders in such proportion; provided that if at any time after such increase but prior to such prepayment or repayment an Event of Default shall have occurred and shall have continued unremedied for a period of at least five Business Days, the Lenders whose Commitments have not been increased pursuant to clause (b) of this Section (each, a "") shall sell to each Lender whose Commitment has been assumed or increased pursuant to clause (b) of this Section (each, an ""), and each Increased Commitment Lender shall purchase from each Non-Increasing Lender, such participations in the Committed Advances then outstanding in an amount such that, after giving effect to all such purchases and sales, all outstanding Committed Advances are held by the Lenders in proportion to their respective Commitments, after giving effect to such assumptions and increases; and
Non-Increasing Lender
Increased Commitment Lender
 
(ii) each existing Non-Increasing Lender shall be deemed, without further action by any party hereto, to have sold to each Increased Commitment Lender and each Increased Commitment Lender shall be deemed, without further action by any party hereto, to have purchased from each Non-Increasing Lender, a participation on the terms specified in this Article 2 in each Letter of Credit in an amount such that, after giving effect to all such purchases and sales, the outstanding Letter of Credit Exposure is held by the Lenders in proportion to their respective Commitments after giving effect to such assumptions and increases.
(e) Any increase in the Commitments pursuant to this Section 2.22 shall be subject to the prior written approval of each Issuing Bank.
Section 2.23. . (a) The Administrative Agent shall maintain a register (a "") on which it will record the Commitment of each Lender, each Advance made by each Lender and each repayment of any such Advance made to such Lender. Any such recordation by the Administrative Agent on a Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. With respect to any Lender, the assignment or other transfer of the Commitment of such Lender and the rights to the principal of, and interest on, any Advance made pursuant to this Agreement shall not be effective until such assignment or other transfer is recorded on the applicable Register and otherwise complies with Section 9.06. The Register shall be available at the offices where kept by the Administrative Agent for inspection by the Borrowers and any Lender at any reasonable time upon reasonable prior notice to the Administrative Agent. Each Lender shall record on its internal records (including computerized systems) the foregoing information as to its own Commitment and Advances. Failure to make any such recordation, or any error in such recordation, shall not affect the obligations of any Borrower under the Loan Documents.
Registry
Register
(a) Each Borrower hereby agrees that, upon the request of any Lender at any time, any or all of such Lender's Advances shall be evidenced by one or more Notes of such Borrower payable to the order of such Lender and representing the obligation of such Borrower to pay the unpaid principal amount of such Advances to such Borrower made by such Lender, with interest as provided herein on the unpaid principal amount of such Advances from time to time outstanding.
Section 2.24. From time to time prior to the Swingline Termination Date, each Swingline Lender agrees, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, to make advances to any Borrower pursuant to this subsection in amounts such that at no time shall (i) any Lender's Committed Outstanding Amount exceed its Commitment; (ii) the Total Outstanding Amount exceed the aggregate amount of the Commitments; and (iii) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Swingline Advances from any Swingline Lender exceed its Swingline Commitment. Each Swingline Advance shall be in a principal amount of $1,000,000 or any larger multiple thereof. No Swingline Advance may be used to refinance an outstanding Swingline Advance. Within the foregoing limits, any Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.24,
. Swingline Advances. (a) 
Agreements to Lend
 
prepay Swingline Advances from time to time and reborrow at any time prior to the Swingline Termination Date under this Section 2.24. The Swingline Commitments shall terminate automatically and simultaneously on the earlier of (i) the Swingline Termination Date and (ii) the date of any termination of the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06, Section 6.01 or otherwise.
(b) . The Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent and the applicable Swingline Lender notice not later than 2:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date of each Swingline Advance, specifying the amount of such Advance and the date of such borrowing, which shall be a Business Day. Not later than 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date of each Swingline Advance, the Swingline Lender making such Advance shall, unless it determines that any applicable condition specified in Article 3 has not been satisfied, make available the amount of such Swingline Advance, in Federal or other funds immediately available in New York City, to the Borrower at the Swingline Lender's address specified in or pursuant to Section 9.02.
Swingline Borrowing Procedure
(c) . Each Swingline Advance shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof, payable at maturity, at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate for such day (or such other rate per annum as the Swingline Lender making such Advance and the Borrower may mutually agree). Such interest shall be payable at the maturity of such Swingline Advance and, with respect to the principal amount of any Swingline Advance prepaid pursuant to subsection (d) or (e) below, upon the date of such prepayment. Any overdue principal of or interest on any Swingline Advance shall bear interest, payable on demand, for each day until paid at a rate per annum equal to the sum of the Base Rate for such day plus 2%.
Interest
(d) . Each Swingline Advance shall mature, and the principal amount thereof shall be due and payable, on the earlier of the date falling five Business Days after such Advance is made and fifth Business Day after the Swingline Termination Date. In addition, on the date of each Borrowing of Committed Advances by any Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01, the Administrative Agent shall apply the proceeds thereof to prepay all Swingline Loans then outstanding to such Borrower.
Maturity; Mandatory Prepayment
(e) . The Borrower may prepay any Swingline Advance in whole at any time, or from time to time in part in a principal amount of $1,000,000 or any larger multiple thereof, by giving notice of such prepayment to the applicable Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 2:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date of prepayment.
Optional Prepayment
(f) . Prepayment of any Swingline Advance which is a Fixed Rate Loan pursuant to subsection (d) or (e) above shall be subject to the provisions of Section 9.04(c), and for this purpose such Swingline Advance shall be deemed to have an Interest Period from and including the date such Swingline Advance was made to but not including its maturity date.
Funding Losses
 
(g) . All payments to any Swingline Lender under this Section 2.24 shall be made to it at its address specified in or pursuant to Section 9.02 in Federal or other funds immediately available in New York City, not later than 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date of payment.
Payments
(h) . If (w) any Swingline Advance is not paid in full on its maturity date and the applicable Swingline Lender so requests, (x) the Swingline Advances become immediately due and payable pursuant to Article 6, (y) the Commitments terminate at a time any Swingline Advances are outstanding, or (z) requested by any Swingline Lender by written notice given to the Administrative Agent not later than 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Business Day, the Administrative Agent shall, by notice to the Lenders (including each Swingline Lender, in its capacity as a Lender), require each Lender to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lenders an amount equal to such Lender's Pro Rata Share of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Swingline Advances described in clause (w), (x), (y) or (z) above, as the case may be. Such notice shall specify the date on which such payments are to be made, which shall be the first Business Day after such notice is given. Not later than 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date so specified, each Lender shall pay the amount so notified to it to the Administrative Agent at its address specified in or pursuant to Section 9.02, in Federal or other funds immediately available in New York City. Promptly upon receipt thereof, the Administrative Agent shall remit such amounts to the Swingline Lenders. The amount so paid by each Lender shall constitute a Base Rate Advance and a Swingline Advance to the Borrower and shall be applied by the Swingline Lenders to reduce their outstanding Swingline Advances.
Refunding Unpaid Swingline Advances
(i) . Each Lender's obligation to make the payments specified in Section 2.24(h), and the right of each Swingline Lender to receive such payments in the manner specified therein, are each absolute, irrevocable and unconditional and shall not be effected by any event, condition or circumstance whatever. The failure of any Lender to make any such payment shall not relieve any other Lender of its funding obligation hereunder on the date due, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to meet its funding obligations hereunder.
Obligations Absolute
Section 3.01This Amended Agreement shall not become effective, and no Lender shall be obligated to make any Advance and no Issuing Bank shall be obligated to issue any Letter of Credit hereunder, until each of the following conditions precedent is satisfied:
. Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness.
(a) The Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts of this Agreement duly executed by each of the parties listed on the signature pages hereof (or in the case of any party as to which such an executed counterpart shall
 
not have been received, the Administrative Agent shall have received evidence satisfactory to it of the execution and delivery of a counterpart hereof by such party).
(b) The Administrative Agent shall have received the following in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (unless otherwise specified) and in sufficient copies for each Lender:
(i) Certified copies of the resolutions of the Board of Directors of each Loan Party approving the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents and each Loan Document to which it is or is to be a party, and of all documents evidencing other necessary corporate action and governmental and other third party approvals and consents, if any, with transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents and each Loan Document to which it is or is to be a party.
(ii) A certificate of each Loan Party, signed on behalf of such Loan Party the Chairman, any Vice Chairman, any Deputy Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Operating Officer, the President or any Vice President (or equivalent officer) of such Loan Party and its Secretary or any Assistant Secretary, dated the Effective Date (the statements made in which certificate shall be true on and as of the Effective Date), certifying as to (A) the truth of the representations and warranties contained in the Loan Documents as though made on and as of the Effective Date and (B) the absence of any event occurring and continuing, or resulting from the Effective Date, that constitutes a Default.
(iii) A certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of each Loan Party certifying the names and true signatures of the officers of such Loan Party authorized to sign each Loan Document to which it is or is to be a party and the other documents to be delivered hereunder and thereunder.
(iv) A favorable opinion of (A) Maples and Calder, Cayman Islands counsel for the Parent, in substantially the form of Exhibit D-1 hereto and as to such other matters as any Lender through the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, (B) Mayer Brown LLP, New York counsel for the Loan Parties, in substantially the form of Exhibit D-2 hereto and as to such other matters as any Lender through the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, and (C) Conyers Dill & Pearman, Bermuda counsel for ACE Bermuda and ACE Tempest, in substantially the form of Exhibit D-3 hereto and as to such other matters as any Lender through the Administrative Agent may reasonably request.
(c) There shall have occurred no material adverse change since December 31, 2006 in the business, financial condition, operations or properties of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.
 
(d) There shall exist no action, suit, investigation, litigation or proceeding affecting any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries pending or threatened before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator that (x) would be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (y) would reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or the other transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents.
(e) The Borrowers shall have paid all accrued fees of the Agents and the Lenders and all accrued expenses of the Agents (including the accrued fees and expenses of counsel to the Administrative Agent and local counsel on behalf of all of the Lenders), in each case to the extent then due and payable.
On the Effective Date, (i) the Existing Agreement shall be automatically amended and restated in its entirety to read as this Amended Agreement, (ii) each Person listed on the signature pages hereof which is not a party to the Existing Agreement shall become a Lender party to this Agreement, (iii) the Commitment of each Lender shall be the amount set forth opposite the name of such Lender on the Commitment Schedule, (iv) any Lender party to the Existing Agreement but not listed in the Commitment Schedule (a "") shall cease to be a Lender party to this Agreement and all accrued fees and other amounts payable under the Existing Agreement for the account of such Departing Bank shall be immediately due and payable; that the provisions of Sections 2.11, 2.13 and 9.04 of the Existing Agreement shall continue to inure to the benefit of such Departing Bank, (v) each Lender's Letter of Credit Participating Interests in each outstanding Letter of Credit issued pursuant to the Existing Agreement shall be readjusted in accordance with each Lender's Pro Rata Share and (vi) each Departing Bank's Letter of Credit Participating Interests hereunder in the outstanding Letters of Credit issued pursuant to the Existing Agreement shall be terminated. Promptly after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall deliver to each Lender a copy of this Amended Agreement including photocopies of counterpart signature pages signed by each of the parties hereto.
Departing Bank
provided
Section 3.02. . The obligation of each Lender to make a Committed Advance on the occasion of each Committed Borrowing (including the initial Committed Borrowing), the obligation of each Swingline Lender to make a Swingline Advance on the occasion of each Swingline Borrowing and the obligation of each Issuing Bank to issue, extend or increase a Letter of Credit (including the initial issuance), shall be subject to the further conditions precedent that on the date of such Committed Borrowing or issuance, extension or increase (a) the following statements shall be true (and each of the giving of the applicable Notice of Committed Borrowing or request for issuance, extension, or increase, and the acceptance by the Borrower that requested such Committed Borrowing of the proceeds of such Committed Borrowing or of such issuance, extension or increase shall constitute a representation and warranty by such Borrower that both on the date of such notice
Conditions Precedent to Each Committed Borrowing and Issuance, Extension or Increase of a Letter of Credit
 
and on the date of such Committed Borrowing or such issuance, extension or increase such statements are true):
(i) the representations and warranties contained in Section 4.01 are correct in all material respects on and as of such date, before and after giving effect to such Committed Borrowing and to the application of the proceeds therefrom or such issuance, extension or increase, as though made on and as of such date, other than any such representations or warranties that, by their terms, refer to a specific date other than the date of such Committed Borrowing or the date of such issuance, extension or increase, in which case as of such specific date; and
(ii) no Default has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such Committed Borrowing or the application of the proceeds therefrom or from such issuance, extension or increase; and
(b) the Administrative Agent shall have received such other approvals, opinions or documents as any Lender or any Issuing Bank through the Administrative Agent may reasonably request.
Section 3.03The obligation of each Lender that is to make a Competitive Bid Advance on the occasion of a Competitive Bid Borrowing (including the initial Competitive Bid Borrowing) to make such Competitive Bid Advance as part of such Competitive Bid Borrowing is subject to the conditions precedent that (a) the Administrative Agent shall have received the written confirmatory Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing with respect thereto, and (b) on the date of such Competitive Bid Borrowing the following statements shall be true (and each of the giving of the applicable Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing and the acceptance by the Borrower that requested such Competitive Bid Borrowing of the proceeds of such Competitive Bid Borrowing shall constitute a representation and warranty by such Borrower that on the date of such Competitive Bid Borrowing such statements are true):
. Conditions Precedent to Each Competitive Bid Borrowing.
(i) the representations and warranties contained in Section 4.01 are correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Competitive Bid Borrowing, before and after giving effect to such Competitive Bid Borrowing and to the application of the proceeds therefrom, as though made on and as of such date, other than any such representations or warranties that, by their terms, refer to a specific date other than the date of such Competitive Bid Borrowing, in which case as of such specific date, and
(ii) no Default has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such Competitive Bid Borrowing or from the application of the proceeds therefrom.
 
Section 4.01. Each Borrower represents and warrants as follows:
Representations and Warranties of the Borrowers.
(a) Each Loan Party and each of its Material Subsidiaries (i) is duly organized or formed, validly existing and, to the extent such concept applies, in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation, except, in the case of any Material Subsidiary other than a Loan Party, where the failure to do so would not be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) is duly qualified and in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each other jurisdiction in which it owns or leases property or in which the conduct of its business requires it to so qualify or be licensed except where the failure to so qualify or be licensed would not be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect and (iii) has all requisite power and authority (including all governmental licenses, permits and other approvals) to own or lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted, except where the failure to have any license, permit or other approval would not be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. All of the outstanding Equity Interests in each Borrower (other than the Parent) have been validly issued, are fully paid and non-assessable and (except for any Preferred Securities issued after the date of this Agreement) are owned, directly or indirectly, by the Parent free and clear of all Liens.
(b) Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries has filed, has caused to be filed or has been included in all material federal tax returns and all other material tax returns required to be filed and has paid all taxes shown thereon to be due, together with applicable interest and penalties, except to the extent contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings (in which case adequate reserves have been established therefor in accordance with GAAP).
(c) The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which it is or is to be a party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, are within such Loan Party's corporate powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and do not (i) contravene such Loan Party's constitutional documents, (ii) violate any law, rule, regulation (including Regulation X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award, (iii) conflict with or result in the breach of, or constitute a default under, any contract, loan agreement, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, lease or other instrument binding on or affecting any Loan Party, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their properties or (iv) except for the Liens created under the Loan Documents, result in or require the creation or imposition of any Lien upon or with respect to any of the properties of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries. No Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of any such law, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award or in breach of any such contract, loan agreement, indenture, mortgage,
 
deed of trust, lease or other instrument, the violation or breach of which would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(d) No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body or any other third party is required for (i) the due execution, delivery, recordation, filing or performance by any Loan Party of any Loan Document to which it is or is to be a party or the other transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, or (ii) the exercise by any Agent or any Lender of its rights under the Loan Documents, except for the authorizations, approvals, actions, notices and filings which have been duly obtained, taken, given or made and are in full force and effect.
(e) This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document when delivered hereunder will have been, duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party party thereto. This Agreement is, and each other Loan Document when delivered hereunder will be, the legal, valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party party thereto, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws of general application relating to creditors' rights and to general principles of equity.
(f) There is no action, suit, investigation, litigation or proceeding affecting any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, including any Environmental Action, pending or, to such Loan Party's knowledge, threatened before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator that (i) would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) would reasonably be expected to affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents.
(g) The Consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at December 31, 2006, and the related Consolidated statements of income and of cash flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the Fiscal Year then ended, accompanied by an unqualified opinion of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent public accountants, copies of which have been furnished to each Lender, fairly present the Consolidated financial condition of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at such date and the Consolidated results of operations of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the Fiscal Year ended on such date, all in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis, and, as of the Effective Date, since December 31, 2006, there has been no Material Adverse Change.
(h) No information, exhibit or report furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party to any Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation and syndication of the Loan Documents or pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made therein not misleading as at the date it was dated (or if not dated, so delivered).
(i) Following application of the proceeds of each Advance hereunder, Margin Stock will constitute less than 25% of the value of those assets of any Borrower which are subject to any limitation on sale, pledge or other disposition hereunder.
 
(j) Neither any Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries is an "investment company", or an "affiliated person" of, or "promoter" or "principal underwriter" for, an "investment company", as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940. Neither the making of any Advances, nor the issuance of any Letters of Credit, nor the application of the proceeds or repayment thereof by any Borrower, nor the consummation of the other transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, will violate any provision of such Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder.
(k) Each Loan Party is, individually and together with its Subsidiaries, Solvent.
(l) Except to the extent that any and all events and conditions under clauses (i) through (v) below of this paragraph (l) in the aggregate are not reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect,
(i) Neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred or is reasonably expected to incur any Withdrawal Liability to any Multiemployer Plan.
(ii) With respect to each scheme or arrangement mandated by a government other than the United States (a "") and with respect to each employee benefit plan that is not subject to United States law maintained or contributed to by any Loan Party or with respect to which any Subsidiary of any Loan Party may have liability under applicable local law (a ""):
Foreign Government Scheme or Arrangement
Foreign Plan
(x) Any employer and employee contributions required by law or by the terms of any Foreign Government Scheme or Arrangement or any Foreign Plan have been made, or, if applicable, accrued, in accordance with normal accounting practices.
(y) The fair market value of the assets of each funded Foreign Plan, the liability of each insurer for any Foreign Plan funded through insurance or the book reserve established for any Foreign Plan, together with any accrued contributions, is sufficient to procure or provide for the accrued benefit obligations, as of the date hereof, with respect to all current and former participants in such Foreign Plan according to the actuarial assumptions and valuations most recently used to account for such obligations in accordance with applicable generally accepted accounting principles.
 
(z) Each Foreign Plan required to be registered has been registered and has been maintained in good standing with applicable regulatory authorities.
(iii) During the twelve-consecutive-month period to the date of the execution and delivery of this Agreement and prior to any Borrowing hereunder, no steps have been taken to terminate any Pension Plan, no contribution failure has occurred with respect to any Pension Plan sufficient to give rise to a lien under section 302(f) of ERISA and no minimum funding waiver has been applied for or is in effect with respect to any Pension Plan. No condition exists or event or transaction has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur with respect to any Pension Plan which could reasonably be expected to result in any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate incurring any material liability, fine or penalty.
(iv) Each Pension Plan is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Internal Revenue Code and other applicable federal or state laws.
(v) No assets of any Loan Party are or are deemed under applicable law to be "plan assets" within the meaning of Department of Labor Regulation 2510.3-101.
(m) (i) In the ordinary course of its business, each Borrower reviews the effect of Environmental Laws on the operations and properties of such Borrower and its Subsidiaries, in the course of which it identifies and evaluates associated liabilities and costs (including any capital or operating expenditures required for clean-up or closure of properties presently or previously owned, any capital or operating expenditures required to achieve or maintain compliance with environmental protection standards imposed by law or as a condition of any license, permit or contract, any related constraints on operating activities, including any periodic or permanent shutdown of any facility or reduction in the level of or change in the nature of operations conducted thereat, and any actual or potential liabilities to third parties and any related costs and expenses). On the basis of this review, each Borrower has reasonably concluded that such associated liabilities and costs, including the costs of compliance with Environmental Laws, are unlikely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(ii) The operations and properties of each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries comply in all material respects with all applicable Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits, except for non-compliances which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; Hazardous Materials have not been released, discharged or disposed of on any property currently or formerly owned or operated by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and there are no Environmental Actions pending or threatened against any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, and no
 
circumstances exist that could be reasonably likely to form the basis of any such Environmental Action, which (in either case), individually or in the aggregate with all other such pending or threatened actions and circumstances would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(n) Neither any Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries is a Sanctioned Person.
(o) No proceeds of any Loan and no part of any payment under any Letter of Credit will be used, directly or indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977.
Section 5.01So long as any Advance or any other obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall remain unpaid, any Letter of Credit shall be outstanding or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, each Borrower will:
. Affirmative Covenants.
(a) . Comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders, such compliance to include compliance with Environmental Laws, Environmental Permits, ERISA and the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Chapter of the Organized Crime Control Act of 1970, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Compliance with Laws, Etc
(b) Pay and discharge, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to pay and discharge, before the same shall become delinquent, all material taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies imposed upon it or upon its property; that neither any Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to pay or discharge any such tax, assessment, charge or levy that is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and as to which appropriate reserves are being maintained.
Payment of Taxes, Etc.
provided, however,
(c) . Maintain, and cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to maintain, insurance with responsible and reputable insurance companies or associations in such amounts and covering such risks as is usually carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in the same general areas in which the Parent or such Material Subsidiary operates (it being understood that the foregoing shall not apply to maintenance of reinsurance or similar matters which shall be solely within the reasonable business judgment of the Parent and its Subsidiaries).
Maintenance of Insurance
 
(d) . Preserve and maintain, and cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to preserve and maintain, (i) its existence and (ii) its legal structure, legal name, rights (charter and statutory), permits, licenses, approvals, privileges and franchises; that (A) the Parent and its Subsidiaries may consummate any merger, amalgamation or consolidation permitted under Section 5.02(c), (B) no Subsidiary (other than a Borrower) shall be required to preserve and maintain its existence, legal structure, legal names or other rights (charter and statutory) if management of a direct or indirect parent of such Subsidiary has determined that such action is not disadvantageous in any material respect to the Parent, such parent or the Lenders and (C) neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to preserve any right, permit, license, approval, privilege or franchise if management of the Parent or such Subsidiary shall determine that the preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of the business of the Parent or such Subsidiary, as the case may be, and that the loss thereof is not disadvantageous in any material respect to the Parent, such Subsidiary or the Lenders.
Preservation of Corporate Existence, Etc
provided, however,
(e) . At any reasonable time and from time to time upon not less than three Business Days' prior notice, permit the Agents (upon request made by any Agent or any Lender), or any agents or representatives thereof, at the expense (so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing) of such Agents (or such Lender, as the case may be), to examine and make copies of and abstracts from the records and books of account of, and visit the properties of, the Parent and any of its Subsidiaries, and to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Parent and any of its Subsidiaries with any of their officers or directors and with, so long as a representative of the Parent is present, their independent certified public accountants; that neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to disclose any information that it reasonably determines is entitled to the protection of attorney-client privilege.
Visitation Rights
provided
(f) . Keep, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to keep, proper books of record and account, in which full and correct entries shall be made of all financial transactions and the assets and business of the Parent and each such Subsidiary sufficient to permit the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP.
Keeping of Books
(g) . Maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, all of its properties that are used or useful in the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Maintenance of Properties, Etc
(h) . Conduct, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to conduct, all transactions otherwise permitted under the Loan Documents with any of their Affiliates (other than any such transactions between
Transactions with Affiliates
 
Loan Parties or wholly-owned Subsidiaries of Loan Parties) on terms that are fair and reasonable and no less favorable than it would obtain in a comparable arm's-length transaction with a Person not an Affiliate.
(i) . Each Borrower shall procure that its obligations under the Loan Documents will rank at least pari passu with all its other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations, except for obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law applying to insurance companies generally.
Pari Passu ranking
(j) . (i) Cause each of its Subsidiaries that is a U.S. Person to have a compliance program that is reasonably designed to comply with OFAC's requirements; (ii) cause each of its Subsidiaries that is a Subsidiary of a U.S. Person to provide notice promptly to the Lenders upon receiving a sanction on account of, or an inquiry from any governmental authority related to, a violation or potential violation of OFAC by such Subsidiary; and (iii) not knowingly request the issuance of a letter of credit hereunder in favor of a beneficiary that is a Sanctioned Person or is organized under the laws of a Sanctioned Country.
OFAC Compliance
Section 5.02So long as any Advance or any other obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall remain unpaid, any Letter of Credit shall be outstanding or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, the Borrowers will not, at any time:
. Negative Covenants.
(a) . Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, any Lien on or with respect to any of its properties of any character (including accounts) whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or assign or permit any of its Subsidiaries to assign, any accounts or other right to receive income, except:
Liens, Etc
(i) Liens created under the Loan Documents;
(ii) Permitted Liens;
(iii) Liens described on Schedule 5.02(a) hereto;
(iv) purchase money Liens upon or in any property acquired or held by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business to secure the purchase price of such property or to secure Debt incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition, construction or improvement of any property to be subject to such Liens, or Liens existing on any property at the time of acquisition or within 180 days following such acquisition (other than any such Liens created in contemplation of such acquisition that do not secure the purchase price), or extensions, renewals or replacements of any of the foregoing for the same or a lesser amount; that no such Lien shall extend to or cover any property other than the property being
provided, however,
 
acquired, constructed or improved, and no such extension, renewal or replacement shall extend to or cover any property not theretofore subject to the Lien being extended, renewed or replaced;
(v) Liens arising in connection with Capitalized Leases; that no such Lien shall extend to or cover any assets other than the assets subject to such Capitalized Leases;
provided
(vi) (A) any Lien existing on any asset of any Person at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary and not created in contemplation of such event, (B) any Lien on any asset of any Person existing at the time such Person is merged or consolidated with or into the Parent or any of it Subsidiaries in accordance with Section 5.02(c) and not created in contemplation of such event and (C) any Lien existing on any asset prior to the acquisition thereof by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries and not created in contemplation of such acquisition;
(vii) Liens securing obligations under credit default swap transactions determined by reference to, or Contingent Obligations in respect of, Debt issued by the Parent or one of its Subsidiaries; such Debt not to exceed an aggregate principal amount of $550,000,000;
(viii) Liens arising in the ordinary course of its business which (A) do not secure Debt and (B) do not in the aggregate materially detract from the value of its assets or materially impair the use thereof in the operation of its business;
(ix) Liens on cash and Approved Investments securing Hedge Agreements arising in the ordinary course of business;
(x) other Liens securing Debt or other obligations outstanding in an aggregate principal or face amount not to exceed at any time 5% of Consolidated Net Worth;
(xi) Liens consisting of deposits made by the Parent or any insurance Subsidiary with any insurance regulatory authority or other statutory Liens or Liens or claims imposed or required by applicable insurance law or regulation against the assets of the Parent or any insurance Subsidiary, in each case in favor of policyholders of the Parent or such insurance Subsidiary or an insurance regulatory authority and in the ordinary course of the Parent's or such insurance Subsidiary's business;
(xii) Liens on Investments and cash balances of the Parent or any insurance Subsidiary (other than capital stock of any Subsidiary) securing obligations of the Parent or any insurance Subsidiary in respect of (i) letters of credit obtained in the ordinary course of business and/or (ii) trust arrangements formed in the ordinary course of business for the benefit of cedents to secure reinsurance recoverables owed to them by the Parent or any insurance Subsidiary;
 
(xiii) the replacement, extension or renewal of any Lien permitted by clause (iii) or (vi) above upon or in the same property theretofore subject thereto or the replacement, extension or renewal (without increase in the amount (other than in respect of fees, expenses and premiums, if any) or change in any direct or contingent obligor) of the Debt secured thereby;
(xiv) Liens securing obligations owed by any Loan Party to any other Loan Party or owed by any Subsidiary of the Parent (other than a Loan Party) to the Parent or any other Subsidiary;
(xv) Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business in favor of financial intermediaries and clearing agents pending clearance of payments for investment or in the nature of set-off, banker's lien or similar rights as to deposit accounts or other funds;
(xvi) judgment or judicial attachment Liens, that the enforcement of such Liens is effectively stayed;
provided
(xvii) Liens arising in connection with Securitization Transactions; provided that the aggregate principal amount of the investment or claim held at any time by all purchasers, assignees or other transferees of (or of interests in) receivables and other rights to payment in all Securitization Transactions (together with the aggregate principal amount of any other obligations secured by such Liens) shall not exceed $750,000,000;
(xviii) Liens on securities arising out of repurchase agreements with a term of not more than three months entered into with Lenders or their Affiliates or with securities dealers of recognized standing; that the aggregate amount of all assets of the Parent and its Subsidiaries subject to such agreements shall not at any time exceed $1,000,000,000; and
provided
(xix) Liens securing up to an aggregate amount of $200,000,000 of obligations of ACE Tempest, the Parent or any wholly owned Subsidiary, arising out of catastrophe bond financing.
(b) . Make any material change in the nature of the business of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as carried on at the date hereof.
Change in Nature of Business
 
(c) . Merge into, amalgamate or consolidate with any Person or permit any Person to merge into it, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do so, except that:
Mergers, Etc
(i) any Subsidiary of the Parent may merge into, amalgamate or consolidate with any other Subsidiary of the Parent, that, in the case of any such merger, amalgamation or consolidation, the Person formed by such merger, amalgamation or consolidation shall be a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Parent, that, in the case of any such merger, amalgamation or consolidation to which a Borrower is a party, the Person formed by such merger, amalgamation or consolidation shall be such Borrower;
provided
provided further
(ii) any Subsidiary of any Borrower may merge into, amalgamate or consolidate with any other Person or permit any other Person to merge into, amalgamate or consolidate with it; that the Person surviving such merger, amalgamation or consolidation shall be a wholly owned Subsidiary of such Borrower;
provided
(iii) in connection with any sale or other disposition permitted under Section 5.02(d), any Subsidiary of the Parent may merge into, amalgamate or consolidate with any other Person or permit any other Person to merge into, amalgamate or consolidate with it; and
(iv) the Parent or any other Borrower may merge into, amalgamate or consolidate with any other Person; that, in the case of any such merger, amalgamation or consolidation, the Person formed by such merger, amalgamation or consolidation shall be the Parent or such Borrower, as the case may be;
provided
that in each case, immediately after giving effect thereto, no event shall occur and be continuing that constitutes a Default.
provided, however,
(d) . Sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of or permit any other Borrower to sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of, all or substantially all of its assets (excluding sales of investment securities in the ordinary course of business).
Sales, Etc., of Assets
(e) . Make or permit, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to make or permit, any change in accounting policies or reporting practices, except as permitted by GAAP.
Accounting Changes
Section 5.03So long as any Advance or any other obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall remain unpaid, any Letter of Credit shall be outstanding or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, the Parent will furnish to the Administrative Agent for distribution to the Lenders:
. Reporting Requirements.
(a) . As soon as possible and in any event within five days after the occurrence of each Default or any event, development or occurrence reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect continuing on the date of such statement, a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Parent setting
Default Notice
 
forth details of such Default, event, development or occurrence and the action that the Parent or the applicable Subsidiary has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto.
(b) . (i) As soon as available and in any event within 90 days after the end of each Fiscal Year (or, if earlier, within five Business Days after such date as the Parent is required to file its annual report on Form 10-K for such Fiscal Year with the Securities and Exchange Commission), a copy of the annual Consolidated audit report for such year for the Parent and its Subsidiaries, including therein a Consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Year and Consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Year, all reported on in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Securities and Exchange Commission in each case and accompanied by an opinion of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP or other independent public accountants of recognized standing reasonably acceptable to the Required Lenders, together with (A) a certificate of the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer or Chief Compliance Officer of the Parent stating that no Default has occurred and is continuing, or if a Default has occurred and is continuing, a statement as to the nature thereof and the action that the Parent has taken a proposes to take with respect thereto, and (B) a schedule in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent of the computations used by the Parent in determining, as of the end of such Fiscal Year, compliance with the covenants contained in Section 5.04.
Annual Financials
(ii) As soon as available and in any event within 120 days after the end of each Fiscal Year, a copy of the annual Consolidated audit report for such year for each Subsidiary Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, including therein a Consolidated balance sheet of such Subsidiary Guarantor and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Year and a Consolidated statement of income and a Consolidated statement of cash flows of such Subsidiary Guarantor and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, in each case accompanied by an opinion acceptable to the Required Lenders of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP or other independent public accountants of recognized standing acceptable to the Required Lenders (it being understood that ACE INA shall be deemed to have satisfied the requirements of this clause 5.03(b)(ii) if its financial statements are included in a footnote to the financial statements of the Parent referred to in clause 5.03(b)(i) in a manner consistent with past practice).
(iii) As soon as available and in any event within 20 days after submission, each statutory statement of the Loan Parties (or any of them) in the form submitted to the Supervisor of Insurance, the Insurance Division of the Bermuda Monetary Authority.
(c) . As soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the end of each of the first three quarters of each Fiscal Year (or, if earlier, within five Business Days after such date as the Parent is required to file its quarterly report on Form 10-Q for such fiscal quarter with the Securities and
Quarterly Financials
 
Exchange Commission), Consolidated balance sheets of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such quarter and Consolidated statements of income and a Consolidated statement of cash flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal quarter and ending with the end of such fiscal quarter and Consolidated statements of income and a Consolidated statement of cash flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the period commencing at the end of the previous Fiscal Year and ending with the end of such quarter, setting forth in each case in comparative form the corresponding figures for the corresponding date or period of the preceding Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail and duly certified (subject to the absence of footnotes and normal year-end audit adjustments) by the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer or Chief Compliance Officer of the Parent as having been prepared in accordance with GAAP, together with (i) a certificate of said officer stating that no Default has occurred and is continuing or, if a Default has occurred and is continuing, a statement as to the nature thereof and the action that the Parent has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto and (ii) a schedule in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent of the computations used by the Parent in determining compliance with the covenants contained in Section 5.04.
(d) . Promptly after the commencement thereof, notice of all actions, suits, investigations, litigation and proceedings before any court or governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, affecting any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries of the type described in Section 4.01(f).
Litigation
(e) . Promptly after the sending or filing thereof, copies of all proxy statements, financial statements and reports that the Parent sends to its stockholders generally, copies of all regular, periodic and special reports, and all registration statements, that any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries files with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any governmental authority that may be substituted therefor, or with any national securities exchange.
Securities Reports
(f) . (i) . Promptly and in any event within 10 days after any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate institutes any steps to terminate any Pension Plan or becomes aware of the institution of any steps or any threat by the PBGC to terminate any Pension Plan, or the failure to make a required contribution to any Pension Plan if such failure is sufficient to give rise to a lien under section 302(f) of ERISA, or the taking of any action with respect to a Pension Plan which could reasonably be expected to result in the requirement that any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate furnish a bond or other security to the PBGC or such Pension Plan, or the occurrence of any event with respect to any Pension Plan which could reasonably be expected to result in any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate incurring any material liability, fine or penalty, or the incurrence by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Multiemployer Plan or the receipt by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by
ERISA
ERISA Events
 
any Multiemployer Plan from Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA, notice thereof and copies of all documentation relating thereto.
(ii) . Promptly upon request of any Agent or any Lender, copies of each Schedule B (Actuarial Information) to the annual report (Form 5500 Series) with respect to each Pension Plan.
Plan Annual Reports
(iii) . Promptly and in any event within 15 Business Days after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate from the sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan, copies of each notice concerning (A) the imposition of Withdrawal Liability by any such Multiemployer Plan, (B) the reorganization or termination, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA, of any such Multiemployer Plan or (C) the amount of liability incurred, or that may be incurred, by such Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate in connection with any event described in clause (A) or (B); , , that such notice and documentation shall not be required to be provided (except at the specific request of any Agent or Lender, in which case such notice and documentation shall be promptly provided following such request) if such condition or event is not reasonably expected to result in any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate incurring any material liability, fine, or penalty.
Multiemployer Plan Notices
provided
however
(g) . Promptly after any Responsible Officer obtains knowledge thereof, (i) a copy of any notice from the Bermuda Minister of Finance or the Registrar of Companies or any other person of the revocation, the suspension or the placing of any restriction or condition on the registration as an insurer of any Borrower under the Bermuda Insurance Act 1978 (and related regulations) or of the institution of any proceeding or investigation which could reasonably be expected to result in any such revocation, suspension or placing of such a restriction or condition, (ii) copies of any correspondence by, to or concerning any Loan Party relating to an investigation conducted by the Bermuda Minister of Finance, whether pursuant to Section 132 of the Bermuda Companies Act 1981 (and related regulations) or otherwise and (iii) a copy of any notice of or requesting or otherwise relating to the winding-up or any similar proceeding of or with respect to any Loan Party.
Regulatory Notices, Etc
(h) . Such other information respecting the business, condition (financial or otherwise), operations, performance, properties or prospects of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries as any Agent, or any Lender through the Administrative Agent, may from time to time reasonably request.
Other Information
Information required to be delivered pursuant to clauses 5.03(b), 5.03(c) and 5.03(e) above shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which the Parent provides notice to the Administrative Agent that such information has been posted on the Parent's website on the Internet at the website address listed on the signature pages hereof, at sec.gov/edaux/searches.htm or at another website
 
identified in such notice and accessible by the Lenders without charge; that (x) such notice may be included in a certificate delivered pursuant to clause 5.03(b)(i)(A) or 5.01(c)(i) and (y) the Parent shall deliver paper copies of the information referred to in clauses 5.03(b), 5.03(c) and 5.03(e) to any Lender which requests such delivery.
provided
Section 5.04So long as any Advance or any other obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall remain unpaid, any Letter of Credit shall be outstanding or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, the Parent will:
. Financial Covenants.
(a) . Maintain at all times a ratio of Adjusted Consolidated Debt to Total Capitalization of not more than 0.35 to 1.
Adjusted Consolidated Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio
(b) . Maintain at all times Consolidated Net Worth in an amount not less than the Minimum Amount.
Consolidated Net Worth
For this purpose, the "" is an amount equal to the sum of (i) the then-current Base Amount plus (ii) (A) 25% of Consolidated Net Income for each completed fiscal quarter of the Parent for which Consolidated Net Income is positive and that ends after the date on which the then-current Base Amount became effective and on or before the last day of the then-current Fiscal Year and (B) 50% of any increase in Consolidated Net Worth during such period attributable to the issuance of ordinary or preferred shares. The "" shall be $9,570,000,000 as of December 31, 2006 and shall be reset on the earlier of (A) the date of the delivery of the financial statements for any Fiscal Year pursuant to Section 5.03(b)(i) (beginning with the financial statements for the Fiscal Year ending December 31, 2007) and (B) March 30 of each year (beginning March 30, 2008) to an amount equal to the greater of (x) 70% of Consolidated Net Worth as of the last day of the immediately preceding Fiscal Year and (y) the Minimum Amount in effect as of the last day of the immediately preceding Fiscal Year.
Minimum Amount
Base Amount
Section 6.01If any of the following events ("") shall occur and be continuing:
. Events Of Default.
Events of Default
(a) (i) any Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Advance or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any payment made by an Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit when and as the same shall become due and payable or (ii) any Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Advance, or any Loan Party shall fail to make any other payment under any Loan Document, in each case under this clause (ii) within five Business Days after the same becomes due and payable; or
 
(b) any representation or warranty made by any Loan Party (or any of its officers) under or in connection with any Loan Document shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made; or
(c) any Borrower shall fail to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in Section 2.15, 5.01(d)(i) (solely with respect to the existence of a Borrower), 5.02, 5.03(a) or 5.04; or
(d) any Borrower shall fail to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in Section 5.01(e) if such failure shall remain unremedied for five Business Days after written notice thereof shall have been given to such Borrower by any Agent or any Lender; or
(e) any Loan Party shall fail to perform or observe any other term, covenant or agreement contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed if such failure shall remain unremedied for 30 days after the earlier of the date on which (i) a Responsible Officer becomes aware of such failure or (ii) written notice thereof shall have been given to such Loan Party by any Agent or any Lender; or
(f) the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to pay any Material Financial Obligation (but excluding Debt outstanding hereunder) of the Parent or such Subsidiary (as the case may be), when the same becomes due and payable (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise), and such failure shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the agreement or instrument relating to such Material Financial Obligation; or any other event shall occur or condition shall exist under any agreement or instrument relating to any such Material Financial Obligation and shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in such agreement or instrument, if the effect of such event or condition is (i) to accelerate, or to permit the acceleration of, the maturity of such Material Financial Obligation, (ii) otherwise to cause, or to permit the holder thereof to cause, such Material Financial Obligation to mature or (iii) to require, or to permit the holder thereof to require, the delivery of cash collateral for such Material Financial Obligation; or any such Material Financial Obligation shall be declared to be due and payable or required to be prepaid or redeemed (other than by a regularly scheduled required prepayment or redemption), purchased or defeased, or an offer to prepay, redeem, purchase or defease such Material Financial Obligation shall be required to be made, in each case prior to the stated maturity thereof; or
(g) any Loan Party or any Significant Subsidiary shall generally not pay its debts as such debts become due, or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or any proceeding shall be instituted by or against any Loan Party or any Significant Subsidiary seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking liquidation, winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief, or composition of it or its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the
 
appointment of a receiver, trustee, or other similar official for it or for any substantial part of its property and, in the case of any such proceeding instituted against it (but not instituted by it) that is being diligently contested by it in good faith, either such proceeding shall remain undismissed or unstayed for a period of 60 days or any of the actions sought in such proceeding (including the entry of an order for relief against, or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for, it or any substantial part of its property) shall occur; or any Loan Party or any Significant Subsidiary shall take any corporate action to authorize any of the actions set forth above in this subsection (g); or
(h) any final judgment or order for the payment of money in excess of $100,000,000 shall be rendered against any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries and either (i) enforcement proceedings shall have been commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order or (ii) there shall be any period of 30 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, shall not be in effect; or
(i) any provision in Article 7 of this Agreement shall for any reason cease to be valid and binding on or enforceable against any Loan Party (other than as a result of a transaction permitted hereunder), or any such Loan Party shall so state in writing; or
(j) a Change of Control shall occur; or
(k) Any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate shall incur or shall be reasonably expected to incur liability in excess of $25,000,000 in the aggregate with respect to any Pension Plan or any Multiemployer Plan in connection with the occurrence of any of the following events or existence of any of the following conditions:
(i) Institution of any steps by any Loan Party, any ERISA Affiliate or any other Person, including the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan if as a result of such termination a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate would reasonably be expected to be required to make a contribution to such Pension Plan, or would reasonably be expected to incur a liability or obligation; or
(ii) A contribution failure occurs with respect to any Pension Plan sufficient to give rise to a lien under section 302(f) of ERISA; or
(iii) Any condition shall exist or event shall occur with respect to a Pension Plan that is reasonably expected to result in any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate being required to furnish a bond or security to the PBGC or such Pension Plan, or incurring a liability or obligation in excess of $25,000,000; or
(l) any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate shall have been notified by the sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan that it has incurred Withdrawal Liability or a
 
default, within the meaning of Section 4219(c)(5) of ERISA, has occurred with respect to such Multiemployer Plan which, in each case, could reasonably be expected to cause any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate to incur a payment obligation in excess of $25,000,000;
then, and in any such event, the Administrative Agent (i) shall at the request, or may with the consent, of the Required Lenders, by notice to the Borrowers, declare the Commitments of each Lender and the obligation of each Lender to make Advances (other than Letter of Credit Advances by an Issuing Bank or a Lender pursuant to Section 2.04(c)) and of each Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit to be terminated, whereupon the same shall forthwith terminate, and/or (ii) shall at the request, or may with the consent, of the Required Lenders, by notice to the Borrowers, declare the Advances, all interest thereon and all other amounts payable under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the Advances, all such interest and all such amounts shall become and be forthwith due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrowers; that in the event of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to any Borrower under the Federal Bankruptcy Code, (x) the Commitments of each Lender and the obligation of each Lender to make Advances (other than Letter of Credit Advances by an Issuing Bank or a Lender pursuant to Section 2.04(c)) and of each Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit shall automatically be terminated, (y) the Advances, all such interest and all such amounts shall automatically become and be due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or any notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrowers and (z) the obligation of the Borrowers to provide cash collateral under Section 6.02 shall automatically become effective.
provided, however,
Section 6.02If any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Administrative Agent may, or shall at the request of the Required Lenders, after having taken any of the actions described in Section 6.01(ii) or otherwise, make demand upon the Borrower to, and forthwith upon such demand the Borrower will, pay to the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders in same day funds at the Administrative Agent's office designated in such demand, an amount equal to the aggregate Available Amount of all Letters of Credit then outstanding as cash collateral. If at any time during the continuance of an Event of Default the Administrative Agent determines that such funds are subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent and the Lenders or that the total amount of such funds is less than the aggregate Available Amount of all Letters of Credit, the Borrower will, forthwith upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay to the Administrative Agent, as additional cash collateral, an amount equal to the excess of (a) such aggregate Available Amount over (b) the total amount of funds, if any, that the Administrative Agent determines to be free and clear of any such right and claim. Upon the drawing of
. Actions in Respect of the Letters of Credit upon Default.
 
any Letter of Credit, such funds shall be applied to reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank or Lenders, as applicable, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
Section 7.01(a) Each Guarantor hereby jointly and severally, unconditionally, absolutely and irrevocably guarantees the full and punctual payment (whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise) of all amounts payable by each of the other Borrowers under the Loan Documents including the principal of and interest (including, to the greatest extent permitted by law, post-petition interest) on each Advance made to any such other Borrower pursuant to this Agreement and for reimbursement obligations with respect to Letters of Credit and fees, expenses, indemnities or any other obligations, whether now existing or hereafter incurred, created or arising and whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, or due or to become due. Upon failure by a Borrower to pay punctually any such amount, each other Guarantor agrees to pay forthwith on demand the amount not so paid at the place and in the manner specified in this Agreement.
. The Guaranty.
(b) Each Guarantor (other than the Parent), and by its acceptance of this Guaranty, the Administrative Agent and each Lender, hereby confirms that it is the intention of all such Persons that this Guaranty and the obligations of each Guarantor hereunder not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of Bankruptcy Law, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar foreign, federal or state law to the extent applicable to this Guaranty and the obligations of each Guarantor (other than the Parent) hereunder. To effectuate the foregoing intention, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Guarantors hereby irrevocably agree that the obligations of each Guarantor (other than the Parent) under this Article 7 at any time shall be limited to the maximum amount as will result in the obligations of such Guarantor under this Guaranty not constituting a fraudulent transfer or conveyance.
Section 7.02The obligations of each Guarantor under this Article 7 shall be unconditional, absolute and irrevocable and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, shall not be released, discharged or otherwise affected by:
. Guaranty Unconditional.
(a) any extension, renewal, settlement, compromise, waiver or release in respect of any obligation of any other obligor under any of the Loan Documents, by operation of law or otherwise;
(b) any modification or amendment of or supplement to any of the Loan Documents;
 
(c) any release, non-perfection or invalidity of any direct or indirect security for any obligation of any other obligor under any of the Loan Documents;
(d) any change in the corporate existence, structure or ownership of any obligor, or any insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization or other similar proceeding affecting any other obligor or its assets or any resulting release or discharge of any obligation of any other obligor contained in any of the Loan Documents;
(e) the existence of any claim, set-off or other rights which any obligor may have at any time against any other obligor, the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any other corporation or person, whether in connection with any of the Loan Documents or any unrelated transactions, that nothing herein shall prevent the assertion of any such claim by separate suit or compulsory counterclaim;
provided
(f) any invalidity or unenforceability relating to or against any other obligor for any reason of any of the Loan Documents, or any provision of applicable law or regulation purporting to prohibit the payment by any other obligor of the principal of or interest on any Note or any other amount payable under any of the Loan Documents;
(g) any law, regulation or order of any jurisdiction, or any other event, affecting any term of any obligation or the Lenders' rights with respect thereto; or
(h) any other act or omission to act or delay of any kind by any obligor, the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any other corporation or person or any other circumstance whatsoever which might, but for the provisions of this paragraph, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of or defense to a Guarantor's obligations under this Article 7.
Section 7.03Each Guarantor's obligations under this Article 7 shall remain in full force and effect until the Commitments shall have terminated, no Letters of Credit shall be outstanding and the principal of and interest on the Notes and all other amounts payable by the other Borrowers under the Loan Documents shall have been paid in full. If at any time any payment of the principal of or interest on any Advance or any other amount payable by a Borrower under the Loan Documents is rescinded or must be otherwise restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of such Borrower or otherwise, each Guarantor's obligations under this Article 7 with respect to such payment shall be reinstated as though such payment had been due but not made at such time.
. Discharge only upon Payment in Full; Reinstatement in Certain Circumstances.
Section 7.04Each Guarantor irrevocably waives acceptance hereof, presentment, demand, protest and any notice not provided for herein, as well as any requirement that at any time any action be taken by any corporation or person against any other obligor or any other corporation or person.
. Waiver by the Guarantors.
 
Section 7.05Each Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably agrees not to exercise any rights that it may now have or hereafter acquire against any other Borrower or any other insider guarantor that arise from the existence, payment, performance or enforcement of such Guarantor's obligations under or in respect of this Guaranty or any other Loan Document, including any right of subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution or indemnification and any right to participate in any claim or remedy of any Lender against any other Borrower or any other insider guarantor or any collateral, whether or not such claim, remedy or right arises in equity or under contract, statute or common law, including the right to take or receive from any other Borrower or any other insider guarantor, directly or indirectly, in cash or other property or by set-off or in any other manner, payment or security on account of such claim, remedy or right, unless and until all amounts payable under this Guaranty shall have been paid in full in cash, no Letters of Credit shall be outstanding and the Commitments shall have expired or been terminated. If any amount shall be paid to any Guarantor in violation of the immediately preceding sentence at any time prior to the latest of (a) the payment in full in cash of all amounts payable under this Guaranty, and (b) the Termination Date, such amount shall be received and held in trust for the benefit of the Lenders, shall be segregated from other property and funds of such Guarantor and shall forthwith be paid or delivered to the Administrative Agent in the same form as so received (with any necessary endorsement or assignment) to be credited and applied to all amounts payable under this Guaranty, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents, or to be held as collateral for any amounts payable under this Guaranty thereafter arising. If (i) any Guarantor shall make payment to any Lender of all or any amounts payable under this Guaranty, (ii) all amounts payable under this Guaranty shall have been paid in full in cash, and (iii) the Termination Date shall have occurred, the Lenders will, at such Guarantor's request and expense, execute and deliver to such Guarantor appropriate documents, without recourse and without representation or warranty, necessary to evidence the transfer by subrogation to such Guarantor of an interest in the obligations resulting from such payment made by such Guarantor pursuant to this Guaranty.
. Subrogation.
Section 7.06If acceleration of the time for payment of any amount payable by any Borrower under any of the Loan Documents is stayed upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of such Borrower, all such amounts otherwise subject to acceleration under the terms of this Agreement shall nonetheless by payable by the Guarantors under this Article 7 forthwith on demand by the Administrative Agent made at the request of the requisite proportion of the Lenders.
. Stay of Acceleration.
Section 7.07This Guaranty is a continuing guaranty and shall (a) remain in full force and effect until the latest of (i) the payment in full in cash of all amounts payable under this Guaranty and (ii) the Termination Date, (b) be binding upon each Guarantor, its successors and assigns and (c) inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Lenders and their
. Continuing Guaranty; Assignments.
 
successors, transferees and assigns. Without limiting the generality of clause (c) of the immediately preceding sentence, any Lender may assign or otherwise transfer all or any portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or any portion of its Commitments, the Advances owing to it and the Note or Notes held by it) to any other Person, and such other Person shall thereupon become vested with all the benefits in respect thereof granted to such Lender herein or otherwise, in each case as and to the extent provided in Sections 9.06 and 9.07.
Section 8.01Each Lender (in its capacity as a Lender) hereby appoints and authorizes each Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers and discretion under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to such Agent by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. As to any matters not expressly provided for by the Loan Documents (including enforcement or collection of the Notes), no Agent shall be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the instructions of the Required Lenders or all the Lenders where unanimity is required, and such instructions shall be binding upon all Lenders; that no Agent shall be required to take any action that exposes such Agent to personal liability or that is contrary to this Agreement or applicable law. Each Agent agrees to give to each Lender prompt notice of each notice given to it by any Borrower pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
. Authorization and Action.
provided, however,
Section 8.02Neither any Agent nor any of their respective directors, officers, agents or employees shall be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it or them under or in connection with the Loan Documents, except for its or their own gross negligence or willful misconduct. Without limitation of the generality of the foregoing, each Agent: (a) may consult with legal counsel (including counsel for any Loan Party), independent public accountants and other experts selected by it and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts; (b) makes no warranty or representation to any Lender and shall not be responsible to any Lender for any statements, warranties or representations (whether written or oral) made in or in connection with the Loan Documents; (c) shall not have any duty to ascertain or to inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of any Loan Document on the part of any Loan Party or to inspect the property (including the books and records) of any Loan Party; (d) shall not be responsible to any Lender for the due execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of, or the perfection or priority of any lien or security interest created or purported to be created under or in connection with,
. Agents' Reliance, Etc.
 
any Loan Document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto; and (e) shall incur no liability under or in respect of any Loan Document by acting upon any notice, consent, certificate or other instrument or writing (which may be by telegram or telecopy) reasonably believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent by the proper party or parties.
Section 8.03With respect to its Commitments and the Committed Advances made by it, JPMCB shall have the same rights and powers under the Loan Documents as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not an Agent; and the term "" or "" shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated, include JPMCB in its individual capacity. JPMCB and its affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as trustee under indentures of, accept investment banking engagements from and generally engage in any kind of business with, any Loan Party, any of its Subsidiaries and any Person that may do business with or own securities of any Loan Party or any such Subsidiary, all as if JPMCB were not an Agent and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders.
. JPMCB and Affiliates.
Lender
Lenders
Section 8.04Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender and based on the financial statements referred to in Section 8.04 and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement.
. Lender Credit Decision.
Section 8.05. Indemnification. (a) Each Lender severally agrees to indemnify each Agent and its officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors and Affiliates (to the extent not promptly reimbursed by the Borrowers) from and against such Lender's ratable share (determined as provided below) of any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever that may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against such Agent or any such other Person in any way relating to or arising out of the Loan Documents or any action taken or omitted by such Agent under the Loan Documents; that no Lender shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from such Agent's or other Person's gross negligence or willful misconduct. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender agrees to reimburse each Agent promptly upon demand for its ratable share of any costs and expenses (including fees and expenses of counsel) payable by the Borrowers under Section 9.04, to the extent that such Agent is not promptly reimbursed for such costs and expenses by the Borrowers.
provided, however,
(b) For purposes of this Section 8.05, the Lenders' respective ratable shares of any amount shall be determined, at any time, according to (i) the
 
amounts of their respective Commitments, if the Commitments are in existence at such time, or (ii) their respective interests in the sum of the aggregate amount of the Committed Outstanding Amounts of all Lenders at such time plus the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Competitive Bid Advances at such time, if the Commitments are not in existence at such time. The failure of any Lender to reimburse any Agent promptly upon demand for its ratable share of any amount required to be paid by the Lenders to such Agent as provided herein shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation hereunder to reimburse such Agent for its ratable share of such amount, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to reimburse such Agent for such other Lender's ratable share of such amount. Without prejudice to the survival of any other agreement of any Lender hereunder, the agreement and obligations of each Lender contained in this Section 8.05 shall survive the payment in full of principal, interest and all other amounts payable hereunder and under the other Loan Documents.
Section 8.06Any Agent may resign at any time by giving written notice thereof to the Lenders and the Parent. Upon any such resignation or removal, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Agent, subject (so long as no Event of Default exists) to the consent of the Parent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). If no successor Agent shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders, and shall have accepted such appointment, within 30 days after the retiring Agent's giving of notice of resignation or the Required Lenders' removal of the retiring Agent, then the retiring Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Agent, which shall be a commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States or of any State thereof and having a combined capital and surplus of at least $250,000,000. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Agent hereunder by a successor Agent such successor Agent shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, discretion, privileges and duties of the retiring Agent, and the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents. If within 45 days after written notice is given of the retiring Agent's resignation or removal under this Section 8.06 no successor Agent shall have been appointed and shall have accepted such appointment, then on such 45th day (a) the retiring Agent's resignation or removal shall become effective, (b) the retiring Agent shall thereupon be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents and (c) the Required Lenders shall thereafter perform all duties of the retiring Agent under the Loan Documents until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Agent as provided above. After any retiring Agent's resignation or removal hereunder as Agent shall have become effective, the provisions of this Article 8 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Agent under this Agreement.
. Successor Agents.
Section 8.07The Co-Documentation Agents, in their capacity as such, shall not have any duties or obligations of any kind under this Agreement.
. Co-Documentation Agents.
 
Section 9.01No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or the Notes or any other Loan Document, nor consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Required Lenders (and, in the case of an amendment, the Parent), and then any such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; that no amendment, waiver or consent shall:
. Amendments, Etc.
provided
(a) unless in writing and signed by all of the Lenders (other than any Lender that is, at such time, a Defaulting Lender), do any of the following at any time: (i) alter the ratable sharing of payments contemplated by Section 2.14, (ii) waive any of the conditions specified in Section 3.01, (iii) change the number of Lenders or the percentage of (x) the Commitments, (y) the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Advances or (z) the aggregate Available Amount of outstanding Letters of Credit that, in each case, shall be required for the Lenders or any of them to take any action hereunder, (iv) reduce or limit the obligations of any Guarantor under Article 7 or release such Guarantor or otherwise limit such Guarantor's liability with respect to the obligations owing to the Agents and the Lenders, (iv) amend this Section 9.01 or any of the definitions herein that would have such effect, (v) extend the Termination Date or (vi) limit the liability of any Loan Party under any of the Loan Documents;
(b) unless in writing and signed by each affected Lender, do any of the following at any time: (i) increase the Commitments of the Lenders or subject the Lenders to any additional obligations, (ii) reduce the principal of, or interest on, the Notes or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or (iii) postpone any date fixed for any payment of principal of, or interest on, the Notes or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder;
that no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by an Agent in addition to the Lenders required above to take such action, affect the rights or duties of such Agent under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents and no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by each Issuing Bank in addition to the Lenders above required to take such action, affect the rights or duties of such Issuing Bank under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (including any change in Section 2.01(b), 2.04, 2.05(b), 2.05(c), 2.09(c)(ii), 2.18, 2.19, 2.20, 2.21, 2.22 or 9.09).
provided further
Section 9.02All notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing (including telegraphic or telecopy communication) and mailed, telegraphed, telecopied or delivered, if to any Borrower, at its address set forth below on the signature pages hereof; if to any
. Notices, Etc.
 
Lender, the address for notices specified in its Administrative Questionnaire; and if to the Administrative Agent, at its address at 1111 Fannin, 10th Floor, Houston, TX 77002, Attention: Carla Kinney; or, as to any party, at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties. All such notices and communications shall, when mailed, telegraphed or telecopied, be effective when deposited in the mails, delivered to the telegraph company or transmitted by telecopier, respectively, except that notices and communications to any Agent pursuant to Article 2, 3 or 8 shall not be effective until received by such Agent. Manual delivery by telecopier of an executed counterpart of any amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or the Notes or of any Exhibit hereto to be executed and delivered hereunder shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart thereof.
Section 9.03No failure on the part of any Lender or any Agent to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder or under any Note shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.
. No Waiver; Remedies.
Section 9.04(a) The Borrowers agree to pay on demand (i) all reasonable and documented costs and expenses of the Agents in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification and amendment of the Loan Documents (including (A) all due diligence, collateral review, syndication, transportation, computer, duplication, appraisal, audit, insurance, consultant, search, filing and recording fees and expenses and (B) the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of a single counsel for the Agents with respect thereto, with respect to advising the Agents as to their respective rights and responsibilities, or the perfection, protection or preservation of rights or interests, under the Loan Documents, with respect to negotiations with any Loan Party or with other creditors of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries arising out of any Default or any events or circumstances that may give rise to a Default and with respect to presenting claims in or otherwise participating in or monitoring any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar proceeding involving creditors' rights generally and any proceeding ancillary thereto) and (ii) all reasonable and documented costs and expenses of each Agent, each Issuing Bank and each Lender in connection with the enforcement of the Loan Documents, whether in any action, suit or litigation, or any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar proceeding affecting creditors' rights generally (including the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and each Lender with respect thereto); that the Borrowers shall only be obligated to pay the fees and expenses of a single counsel for the Lenders and the Issuing Banks (it being understood that the Administrative Agent, may engage separate counsel) unless, and to the extent that, such counsel reasonably determines that a conflict requires the engagement of additional counsel.
. Costs and Expenses.
provided
 
(b) The Borrowers agree to indemnify and hold harmless each Agent, the Issuing Bank, each Lender and each of their Affiliates and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and advisors (each, an "") from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable and documented fees and expenses of counsel) that may be incurred by or asserted or awarded against any Indemnified Party, in each case arising out of or in connection with or by reason of (including in connection with any investigation, litigation or proceeding or preparation of a defense in connection therewith) this Agreement, the actual or proposed use of the proceeds of the Advances, the Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated thereby, including any acquisition or proposed acquisition by any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, except to the extent such claim, damage, loss, liability or expense is found in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Indemnified Party's gross negligence or willful misconduct; that the Borrowers shall only be obligated to pay the fees and expenses of a single counsel for the Indemnified Parties (other than the Administrative Agent, which may engage separate counsel) unless, and to the extent that, such counsel reasonably determines that a conflict requires the engagement of additional counsel. In the case of an investigation, litigation or other proceeding to which the indemnity in this Section 9.04(b) applies, such indemnity shall be effective whether or not such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by any Loan Party, its directors, shareholders or creditors or an Indemnified Party or any Indemnified Party is otherwise a party thereto and whether or not the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents are consummated. Each of the Borrowers also agrees not to assert any claim against any Agent, any Lender or any of their Affiliates, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, attorneys and agents, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages arising out of or otherwise relating to the credit facilities provided hereunder, the actual or proposed use of the proceeds of the Advances or the Letters of Credit, the Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents.
Indemnified Party
provided
(c) If any payment of principal of, or Conversion of, any Eurodollar Rate Advance or LIBO Rate Advance is made by any Borrower to or for the account of a Lender other than on the last day of the Interest Period for such Advance, as a result of a payment or Conversion pursuant to Section 2.07, 2.10(b)(i) or 2.11(d), acceleration of the maturity of the Notes pursuant to Section 6.01 or for any other reason, or if any Borrower fails to make any payment or prepayment of an Advance for which a notice of prepayment has been given or that is otherwise required to be made, whether pursuant to Section 2.05, 2.07 or 6.01 or otherwise, the Borrowers agree, within 10 days after demand by such Lender (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent), which demand shall include a calculation in reasonable detail of the amount demanded, to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender any amounts required to compensate such Lender for any additional losses, costs or expenses that it may reasonably incur as a result of such payment or Conversion or such failure to pay or prepay, as the case may be, including any loss (excluding loss of anticipated profits), cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by any Lender to fund or maintain such Advance.
 
(d) Without prejudice to the survival of any other agreement of any Loan Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document, the agreements and obligations of the Borrowers contained in Sections 2.11 and 2.13 and this Section 9.04 shall survive the payment in full of principal, interest and all other amounts payable hereunder and under any of the other Loan Documents.
Section 9.05Upon (a) the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default and (b) the making of the request or the granting of the consent specified by Section 6.01 to authorize the Administrative Agent to declare the Notes due and payable pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.01, each Agent and each Lender and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and otherwise apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other indebtedness at any time owing by such Agent, such Lender or such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of any Borrower against any and all of the obligations of such Borrower now or hereafter existing under the Loan Documents, irrespective of whether such Agent or such Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement or such Note or Notes and although such obligations may be unmatured. Each Agent and each Lender agrees promptly to notify each Borrower after any such set-off and application; that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. The rights of each Agent and each Lender and their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of set-off) that such Agent, such Lender and their respective Affiliates may have.
. Right of Set-off.
provided, however,
Section 9.06(a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns, except that no Borrower may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of all the Lenders.
. Successors; Participations and Assignments.
(b) Any Lender may at any time grant to one or more banks or other institutions (other than the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates) (each a "") participating interests in its Commitment or any or all of its Advances. If a Lender grants any such participating interest to a Participant, whether or not upon notice to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent, such Lender shall remain responsible for the performance of its obligations hereunder, and the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement pursuant to which any Lender may grant such a participating interest shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right and responsibility to enforce the obligations of the Borrowers hereunder including the right to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; that such participation agreement may
Participant
provided
 
provide that such Lender will not agree to any modification, amendment or waiver of this Agreement described in Section 9.01 (a) and (b) without the consent of the Participant. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall, to the extent provided in its participation agreement, be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.11, 2.13 and 9.04(c) and with respect to its participating interest. An assignment or other transfer which is not permitted by Section 9.06(c) or 9.06(d) shall be given effect for purposes of this Agreement only to the extent of a participating interest granted in accordance with this subsection.
(c) Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more banks or other institutions (each an "") all, or a proportionate part (equivalent to an initial Commitment of not less than $10,000,000) of all, of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and its Note, and such Assignee shall assume such rights and obligations, pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto signed by such Assignee and such transferor Lender, with (and subject to) the subscribed consent of the Parent, each Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed); that (i) if an Assignee is an affiliate of such transferor Lender or was a Lender immediately before such assignment, no such consent of the Parent shall be required, (ii) such assignment may, but need not, include rights of the transferor Lender in respect of outstanding Competitive Bid Advances, (iii) no such consent of the Parent shall be required if at the time an Event of Default exists, (iv) such consent shall be deemed to have been given by the Parent, each Issuing Bank or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, if it shall not have responded to a written request for consent within five Business Days of its receipt thereof and (v) neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates may be an Assignee. When such instrument has been signed and delivered by the parties thereto and such Assignee has paid to such transferor Lender the purchase price agreed between them, such Assignee shall be a Lender party to this Agreement and shall have all the rights and obligations of a Lender with a Commitment as set forth in such instrument of assumption, and the transferor Lender shall be released from its obligations hereunder to a corresponding extent, and no further consent or action by any party shall be required. Upon the consummation of any assignment pursuant to this subsection, the transferor Lender, the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers shall make appropriate arrangements so that, if required, new Notes are issued to the Assignee. In connection with any such assignment, the transferor Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent an administrative fee for processing such assignment in the amount of $3,500. If the Assignee is not incorporated under the laws of the United States or a State thereof, it shall deliver to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent certification as to exemption from deduction or withholding of United States federal income taxes in accordance with Section 2.13(e).
Assignee
provided
(d) Any Lender may at any time assign all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement and its Notes to a Federal Reserve Bank. No such assignment shall release the transferor Lender from its obligations hereunder.
 
(e) No Assignee, Participant or other transferee of any Lender's rights shall be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.11 or 2.13 than such Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the rights transferred, unless such transfer is made with the Borrower's prior written consent or by reason of the provisions of Section 2.11 requiring such Lender to designate a different Applicable Lending Office under certain circumstances or at a time when the circumstances giving rise to such greater payment did not exist.
Section 9.07(a) Subject to the provisions of this subsection (a), any Lender may at any time designate an Eligible Designee to provide all or a portion of the Committed Advances and Competitive Bid Advances to be made by such Lender pursuant to this Agreement; that such designation shall not be effective unless the Parent and the Administrative Agent consent thereto (which consents shall not be unreasonably withheld). When a Lender and its Eligible Designee shall have signed an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit E hereto (a "") and the Parent and the Administrative Agent shall have signed their respective consents thereto, such Eligible Designee shall become a Designated Lender for purposes of this Agreement. The Designating Lender shall thereafter have the right to permit such Designated Lender to provide all or a portion of the Committed Advances and Competitive Bid Advances to be made by such Designating Lender pursuant to Section 2.01 or 2.03, and the making of such Advances or portion thereof shall satisfy the obligation of the Designating Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Advances or portion thereof were made by the Designating Lender. As to any Advances or portion thereof made by it, each Designated Lender shall have all the rights that a Lender making such Advances or portion thereof would have had under this Agreement and otherwise; that (x) its voting rights under this Agreement shall be exercised solely by its Designating Lender and (y) its Designating Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such Designated Lender's obligations under this Agreement, including its obligations in respect of the Advances or portion thereof made by it. No additional Note shall be required to evidence the Advances or portion thereof made by a Designated Lender; and the Designating Lender shall be deemed to hold its Notes as agent for its Designated Lender to the extent of the Advances or portion thereof funded by such Designated Lender. Each Designating Lender shall act as administrative agent for its Designated Lender and give and receive notices and other communications on its behalf. Any payments for the account of any Designated Lender shall be paid to its Designating Lender as administrative agent for such Designated Lender and neither the Borrower nor the Administrative Agent shall be responsible for any Designating Lender's application of such payments. In addition, any Designated Lender may, with notice to (but without the prior written consent of) the Parent and the Administrative Agent, (i) assign all or portions of its interest in any Advances to its Designating Lender or to any financial institutions consented to by the Parent and the Administrative Agent that provide liquidity and/or credit facilities to or for the account of such Designated Lender to support the funding of Advances or portions thereof made by it and (ii) disclose on a confidential basis
. Designated Lenders.
provided
Designation Agreement
provided
 
any non-public information relating to its Advances or portions thereof to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any guarantee, surety, credit or liquidity enhancement to such Designated Lender.
(b) Each party to this Agreement agrees that it will not institute against, or join any other person in instituting against, any Designated Lender any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar proceeding under any federal or state bankruptcy or similar law, for one year and a day after all outstanding senior indebtedness of such Designated Lender is paid in full. The Designating Lender for each Designated Lender agrees to indemnify, save, and hold harmless each other party hereto for any loss, cost, damage and expense arising out of its inability to institute any such proceeding against such Designated Lender. This subsection (b) shall survive the termination of this Agreement.
Section 9.08This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by telecopier shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement.
. Execution in Counterparts.
Section 9.09Each Borrower assumes all risks of the acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee of any Letter of Credit with respect to its use of such Letter of Credit. No Issuing Bank nor any of its officers, directors, employees or agents shall be liable or responsible for: (a) the use that may be made of any Letter of Credit or any acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee in connection therewith; (b) the validity, sufficiency or genuineness of documents, or of any endorsement thereon, even if such documents should prove to be in any or all respects invalid, insufficient, fraudulent or forged; (c) payment by such Issuing Bank against presentation of documents that do not strictly comply with the terms of a Letter of Credit, including failure of any documents to bear any reference or adequate reference to the Letter of Credit; or (d) any other circumstances whatsoever in making or failing to make payment under any Letter of Credit, except that such Borrower shall have a claim against such Issuing Bank, and such Issuing Bank shall be liable to such Borrower, to the extent of any direct, but not consequential, damages suffered by such Borrower that such Borrower proves were caused by (i) such Issuing Bank's willful misconduct or gross negligence as determined in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction in determining whether documents presented under any Letter of Credit comply with the terms of the Letter of Credit or (ii) such Issuing Bank's willful failure to make lawful payment under a Letter of Credit after the presentation to it of a draft and certificates strictly complying with the terms and conditions of the Letter of Credit. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, an Issuing Bank may accept documents that appear on their face to be in order, without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary.
. No Liability of the Issuing Banks.
 
Section 9.10Neither any Agent nor any Lender shall disclose any Confidential Information to any Person without the consent of the Parent, other than (a) to (i) such Agent's or such Lender's Affiliates and their officers, directors, employees, agents and advisors, (ii) actual or prospective Assignees and Participants and (iii) actual or prospective counterparties (or their advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrowers and their respective obligations under this Agreement, and then only on a confidential basis, (b) as required by any law, rule or regulation or judicial process, (c) as requested or required by any state, Federal or foreign authority or examiner regulating such Lender or pursuant to any request of any self-regulatory body having or claiming authority to regulate or oversee any aspect of a Lender's business or that of any of its affiliates and (d) to any rating agency when required by it, that, prior to any such disclosure, such rating agency shall undertake to preserve the confidentiality of any Confidential Information relating to the Loan Parties received by it from such Lender.
. Confidentiality.
provided
Section 9.11(a) Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of any New York State court or Federal court of the United States of America sitting in New York City, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in any such New York State court or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement shall affect any right that any party may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents in the courts of any jurisdiction.
. Jurisdiction, Etc.
(b) Each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to which it is a party in any New York State or Federal court. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.
(c) Each of the Borrowers hereby irrevocably appoints CT Corporation System, with offices on the Effective Date at 111 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York, 10011, USA as its agent to receive, accept and acknowledge for and on its behalf service of any and all legal process, summons, notices and documents which may be served in any such action or proceeding. If for any reason such agent shall cease to be available to act as such, the Borrowers agree to
 
promptly designate a new agent satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York to receive, accept and acknowledge for and on its behalf service of any and all legal process, summons, notices and documents which may be served in any such action or proceeding pursuant to the terms of this Section 9.11. In the event that any Borrower shall fail to designate such new agent, service of process in any such action or proceeding may be made on such Borrower by the mailing of copies thereof by express or overnight mail or overnight courier, postage prepaid, to such Borrower at its address set forth opposite its signature below.
Section 9.12This Agreement and the Notes shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.
. Governing Law.
Section 9.13Each of the Borrowers, the Agents and the Lenders irrevocably waives all right to trial by jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim (whether based on contract, tort or otherwise) arising out of or relating to any of the Loan Documents, the Advances or the actions of any Agent or any Lender in the negotiation, administration, performance or enforcement thereof.
. Waiver of Jury Trial.
Section 9.14Any payment obligation of the Borrowers or the Loan Parties under Section 2.09, 2.11, 2.13 or 9.04 shall be the joint and several obligation of each Borrower or Loan Party, as the case may be.
. Nature of Borrowers' Obligations.
Section 9.15Each Lender hereby notifies the Borrowers that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the ""), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Borrower, which information includes the name and address of such Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender to identify such Borrower in accordance with the Act.
. USA Patriot Act.
Act
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written.
ACE LIMITED
P.O. Box HM 1015
Hamilton HM DX
Bermuda
Telephone: +1 (441) 295-5200
Fax: +1 (441) 295-5221
www.acelimited.com
 
ACE BERMUDA INSURANCE LTD.
P.O. Box HM 1015
Hamilton HM DX
Bermuda
Telephone: +1 (441) 295-5200
Fax: +1 (441) 296-7802
 
ACE TEMPEST REINSURANCE LTD.
P.O. Box HM 2702
Hamilton HM KX
Bermuda
Telephone: +1 (441) 292-2603
Fax: +1 (441) 292-2395
 
Each of "" and "" means, for any day, the rate per annum set forth below in the row opposite such term and in the column corresponding to the Pricing Level and Usage that apply on such day:
Applicable Facility Fee Percentage
Applicable Margin
 
For purposes of this Schedule, the following terms have the following meanings, subject to the concluding paragraph of this Schedule:
"" applies on any day on which the Borrower's long-term debt is rated A+ or higher by S&P A1 or higher by Moody's.
Level I Pricing
or
"" applies on any day on which (i) the Borrower's long-term debt is rated A or higher by S&P A2 or higher by Moody's and (ii) Level I Pricing does not apply.
Level II Pricing
or
"" applies on any day on which (i) the Borrower's long-term debt is rated A- or higher by S&P A3 or higher by Moody's and (ii) neither Level I Pricing nor Level II Pricing applies.
Level III Pricing
or
"" applies on any day on which (i) the Borrower's long-term debt is rated BBB+ or higher by S&P Baa1 or higher by Moody's and (ii) none of Level I Pricing, Level II Pricing and Level III Pricing applies.
Level IV Pricing
or
"" applies on any day if no other Pricing Level applies on such day.
Level V Pricing
"" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc.
Moody's
"" refers to the determination of which of Level I, Level II, Level III, Level IV or Level V Pricing applies on any day.
Pricing Level
"" means Standard & Poor's Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.
S&P
The "" applicable to any date is the percentage equivalent of a fraction the numerator of which is the Total Outstanding Amount at such date and the denominator of which is the aggregate amount of the Commitments at such date. If for any reason any Advances or Letters of Credit remain outstanding following the termination of the Commitments, Usage will be deemed to be 100%.
Usage
The credit ratings to be utilized for purposes of this Schedule are those assigned to the senior unsecured long-term debt securities of the Parent without third-party credit enhancement, and any rating assigned to any other debt security of the Parent shall be disregarded. The ratings in effect for any day are those in effect at the close of business on such day.
In the case of split ratings from S&P and Moody's, the rating to be used to determine the applicable Pricing Level is the higher of the two (e.g., A/A3 results in Level I Pricing); that if the split is more than one full rating category, the intermediate rating (or the higher of the two intermediate ratings) will be used (e.g. A/Baa1 results in Level II Pricing and AA-/Baa1 results in Level I Pricing).
provided
 
Schedule 5.02(a)
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20071219094210.txt.gz
TIME:20071219094210
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
On December 14, 2007, ACE Australia Holdings PTY Limited (as borrower) and ACE Limited (as guarantor) entered into an amended and restated AUD $100,000,000 syndicated loan agreement (the "Restated Loan Agreement"), with the banks and other lenders named therein, including The Royal Bank of Scotland plc and HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. as joint lead arrangers.
The Restated Loan Agreement is unsecured and repayable on maturity in December 2008 and, as of December 19, 2007, supersedes the AUD $100,000,000 unsecured syndicated loan agreement, dated December 13, 2005, among ACE Australia Holdings PTY Limited (as borrower), ACE Limited (as guarantor), the banks and other lenders named therein, including The Royal Bank of Scotland plc and HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. as joint lead arrangers.
Pricing under the Restated Loan Agreement is based on a fixed rate plus a margin determined by reference to ACE Limited's credit ratings. ACE Australia Holdings PTY Limited is also paying customary upfront, arrangement and administration fees.
The terms, conditions and covenants of the Restated Loan Agreement are substantially similar to covenants in other ACE group credit facilities. The Restated Loan Agreement contains customary covenants, including covenants limiting liens, substantial asset sales and mergers. Most of these restrictions are subject to certain minimum thresholds and exceptions. The Restated Loan Agreement also contains financial covenants that require ACE Limited to:
(i) maintain a minimum consolidated net worth of not less than USD $9.570 billion (subject to an annual reset provision) plus 25 percent of cumulative net income from December 31, 2006, plus 50 percent of the net proceeds of any issuance of equity interests subsequent to December 31, 2006; and
(ii) maintain a ratio of total debt (excluding trust preferred securities and mezzanine capital to the extent not exceeding 15 percent of total capitalization) to total capitalization of not greater than 0.35 to 1.
In addition, the Restated Loan Agreement has customary events of default, including (subject to certain materiality thresholds and grace periods) payment default, failure to comply with covenants, material inaccuracy of representation or warranty, bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, change of control and cross-default to other debt agreements.
 
See Item 1.01 above which is incorporated herein by reference.
 
See Item 1.01 above which is incorporated herein by reference.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20071220152615.txt.gz
TIME:20071220152615
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
 
FORM 8-K
Current Report
Pursuant To Section 13 or 15 (d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934
Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
December 14, 2007
ACE Limited
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (441) 295-5200
(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)
Not applicable
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):  
see
 
 
 
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
HAMILTON, Bermuda , December 17, 2007 ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) announced today that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire 100% of the outstanding stock of Combined Insurance Company of America and certain of its subsidiaries from Aon Corporation (NYSE: AOC) for $2.4 billion in cash. Combined Insurance Company of America, founded in 1919 and headquartered in Glenview, IL, is a leading underwriter and distributor of specialty individual accident and supplemental health insurance products that are targeted to middle income consumers in the U.S., Europe, Canada and Asia Pacific. The company serves more than four million policyholders worldwide.
"The acquisition of Combined is a significant milestone for ACE and represents both an opportunity for considerable growth and expense-related efficiencies," said Evan G. Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, ACE Limited. "The acquisition essentially doubles our already significant personal accident and supplemental health insurance franchise, which has been and remains an area of focus for our company.
"Combined's sales force of nearly 7,000 agents will diversify our distribution for this class of business. ACE has relied predominantly on direct response and brokerage, while Combined is a leader in captive agency distribution. We will export Combined's franchise to the developing markets of Latin America, Asia Pacific and other promising regions of the world where we already have an established presence and where a growing middle class presents favorable conditions.
"The addition of Combined to the ACE Group of Companies is financially attractive to our shareholders and will produce results that are accretive to our earnings, return on equity and book value per share," said Mr. Greenberg. "Moreover, we project a very attractive return on equity deployed."
The transaction, which is subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions, is expected to be completed by the end of the second quarter of 2008. The purchase price is subject to adjustment to reflect certain changes to Combined's net worth through the closing of the transaction. ACE expects that the purchase price for the transaction will be financed by a combination of available cash and a modest amount of new debt.
ACE will host a special conference call and webcast later today, Monday, December 17, 2007, beginning at 11 a.m. Eastern Time, to discuss the transaction and the expected future of the companies' businesses following closing. The conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at www.acelimited.com or by dialing 888-259-8724 (within the United States) or 913-312-0709 (international); passcode 9045180. Please refer to the ACE Limited website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available for approximately one month. To listen to the replay, dial: 888-203-1112 (in the United States) or 719-457-0820 (international); passcode 9045180. A presentation to accompany the conference call is posted on the Company's website in the Investor Information section. The URL reference is (Due to the length of this URL, it may be necessary to copy and paste this hyperlink into your Internet browser's URL address field.)
http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/irol/10/100907/slides121707.pdf
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, a component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, the ACE Group of Companies conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acelimited.com
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements :
All forward-looking statements made in this press release, related to the anticipated acquisition of Combined Insurance Company of America or otherwise, reflect ACE's current views with respect to future events, business transactions and business performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, ACE's forward-looking statements related to Combined Insurance Company of America and the anticipated acquisition could prove incorrect if the transaction were to not close, if Combined Insurance Company of America and its subsidiaries were to perform differently than currently expected by ACE or if anticipated expense-related efficiencies are not realized. More generally, the businesses of ACE and Combined Insurance Company of America could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, the frequency and severity of catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the loss reserving and claims settlement process, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverables, credit developments among reinsurers, changes in the cost or availability of reinsurance, market developments, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, relations with and performance of employee agents, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in ACE's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. ACE undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Contact Information
Investor Contact: Helen M. Wilson (441) 299-9283
helen.wilson@ace.bm
Media Contact: Robert T. Grieves (212) 827-4444
robert.grieves@ace-ina.com


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20080201111444.txt.gz
TIME:20080201111444
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) Brian Duperreault, former chairman and chief executive officer, resigned from the ACE Limited Board of Directors on January 29, 2008 as a result of his appointment as chief executive officer of Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. Mr. Duperreault's resignation was not the result of any disagreement with ACE's Board of Directors.
A copy of the press release dated January 30, 2008 announcing Mr. Duperreault's resignation is attached as Exhibit 99.1.
(e) In connection with Mr. Duperreault's resignation, the Compensation Committee approved a cash severance payment to Mr. Duperreault in the amount of $4,950,000 as compensation for his past service to ACE Limited.
 
(d)     Exhibits
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
DATE: February 1, 2008

Exhibit 99.1
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 
HAMILTON, Bermuda  January 30, 2008  ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) announced today that Brian Duperreault, former chairman and chief executive officer, has stepped down from the ACE Limited Board of Directors as a result of his appointment as chief executive officer of Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc.
"We wish Brian all the best on his new assignment leading the Marsh & McLennan organization," said Evan G. Greenberg, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited. "Marsh & McLennan is a great global franchise and an important presence in our industry. We have every confidence that Brian will provide the same exceptional leadership to Marsh & McLennan that he gave to ACE for so many years and for which we will always be grateful. We look forward to working with Brian and all of his new colleagues."
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, a component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, the ACE Group of Companies conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: www.acelimited.com.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20080205112949.txt.gz
TIME:20080205112949
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On January 30, 2008, the Company amended its outsourcing agreement with International Business Machines Corporation relating to the management of the Company's information technology infrastructure. The amendment extended the term of the outsourcing agreement for an additional two years so that the agreement will be in effect until 2014 and reduced the projected payments from the Company per year by an estimated $7 million. Additionally, the amendment does not allow for the Company to invoke its right to terminate the agreement for convenience and without cause until after December 31, 2009. Finally, the amendment permits IBM to provide some services from locations outside the United States after obtaining the Company's prior written consent. The amendment is effective as of January 1, 2008.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: February 5, 2008


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20080205174924.txt.gz
TIME:20080205174924
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02. Results of Operations and Financial Condition
 
On February 5, 2008, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its fourth quarter 2007 results and the availability of its fourth quarter financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
Item 9.01. Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: February 5, 2008
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 
 
 
 ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported net income for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2007, of $1.69 per common share after payment of preferred dividends, compared with $1.99 per share for the same quarter last year. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) for the fourth quarter was $2.05 per share, compared with $1.92 per share for the same quarter of last year. Book value increased 4% for the quarter, and annualized return on average equity was 17.2%. The net realized and unrealized loss after tax was $15 million for the quarter. The overall mark-to-market impact on our investment portfolio was a pre-tax gain of $106 million.
HAMILTON, Bermuda, February 5, 2008
(1)
(2)
 
 
 
 
Net income for the year was $7.66 per share, an increase of 11% over prior year. For 2007, income excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect of an accounting change was $8.07 per share, compared with $7.05 per share for 2006.The combined ratio for the year was 87.9%, compared with 88.1% for 2006. Book value increased 17% and return on equity for the year was 17.9%.
(3)
(1)
( 2)
 
 
 
Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "ACE had a strong fourth quarter that capped an excellent year for the Company. All areas of the Company performed well, and the financial markets crisis had a relatively modest impact on our results. For the year, we achieved record net income and net operating income, which increased 12% and 15%, respectively, while book value per share increased 16%. In December we announced two acquisitions that will further diversify and contribute to ACE's future earnings. Looking ahead, we are well positioned to manage through an increasingly difficult environment marked by continuing volatility in the financial markets, deteriorating economic fundamentals and a softening property and casualty market."
(4)
 
Other operating highlights were as follows:
 
 
Details of our financial results for our business segments are available in the financial supplement. Key segment items include:
 
 
 
 
 
 
Please refer to the ACE Limited Financial Supplement dated December 31, 2007, which is posted on the Company's website in the Investor Information section, and access Financial Reports for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, investment portfolio and capital structure. The URL reference is: . (Due to the length of this URL, it may be necessary to copy and paste this hyperlink into your Internet browser's URL address field.)
http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/nys/ace/reports/fin_supp_december_31_2007.xls
 
ACE will host its fourth quarter earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday, February 6, 2008, beginning at 8:30 a.m. ET. The earnings conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 888-819-8006 (within the United States) or 913-312-0823 (international); passcode 6462453. Please refer to the ACE Limited website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available for approximately one month. To listen to the replay, dial: 888-203-1112 (in the United States) or 719-457-0820 (international); passcode 6462453.
www.acelimited.com
 
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, a component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, the ACE Group of Companies conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: www.acelimited.com.
 
Non-GAAP Financial Measures:
1
is a common performance measurement for insurance companies. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in Other (income) expense related to partially-owned insurance companies because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. We exclude the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle net of tax because this amount resulted in a one-time adjustment to income.
Operating Income or Income excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect, net of tax
is calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, life and annuity benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting income and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including net investment income, other (income) expense, interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses). We believe the use of these measures enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
Underwriting income
is shareholders' equity less goodwill. See reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures beginning on page 24 in the financial supplement.
Tangible shareholders' equity
These measures should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
Calculated using income excluding net realized gains (losses).
2
The cumulative effect is a benefit resulting from the inclusion of a forfeiture rate on restricted stock in our stock compensation expense calculations, as required under Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) 123R.
3
Book value per ordinary share is ordinary shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding. Tangible book value per ordinary share is ordinary shareholders' equity less goodwill divided by the shares outstanding.
4
 
 
:
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
 
Forward-looking statements made in this press release reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments and actual settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, actual market developments, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Additional Facts:
 
* Excludes Mortgage Bankers/Brokers
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
Life Insurance and Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
 
Reinsurance Recoverable for Active Operations
 
 
At September 30, 2007, $7.7 billion of the active operations' recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 93.7% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies. The Company held collateral of $3.3 billion, of which $2.1 billion was matched and usable against existing recoverables.
 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Reinsurance Recoverable
 
 
At September 30, 2007, $11.2 billion of ACE Limited recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 93.8% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies.
 
 
 
 
 
Detail on Reinsurance Recoverable on Paid Losses and Loss Expenses
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investment portfolio
 
Top 10 Exposures - Fixed Maturity Investments
 
 
 
Mortgage-backed and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
 
Market Value at December 31, 2007
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
 
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations. However, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of book value per share is provided on page 25.
 
In presenting our segment operating results, we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, life and annuity benefits, policy acquisition costs, and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense, and net realized gains (losses).
 
The following non-GAAP measure is a common performance measurement and is defined as income excluding net realized gains (losses), the tax expense (benefit) on net realized gains (losses), and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, net of tax. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in other (income) expense related to partially owned insurance companies because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. We exclude the benefit of the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, net of tax, because this benefit resulted in a one time adjustment to income. We believe these amounts are largely independent of our business and including them would distort the analysis of trends. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Ordinary Share
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 
 
 
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect less perpetual preferred securities divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity for the period. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per ordinary share:
 
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio excluding life business. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
 
The benefit resulting from the accrual of a forfeiture rate on the restricted stock under Financial Accounting Standard 123R "Share-Based Payment".
Cumulative effect:
 
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income excluding net realized gains (losses) and cumulative effect.
Effective tax rate:
 
Unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity.
FAS 115:
 
Net premium earned and net investment income less future policy benefits, acquisition costs and administrative expenses.
Life underwriting income:
 
Not meaningful.
NM:
 
Shareholders' equity less perpetual preferred shares.
Ordinary shareholders' equity:
 
Property and casualty.
P&C:
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity less goodwill divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per ordinary share:
 
Shareholders' equity less goodwill.
Tangible equity:
 
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, perpetual preferred shares and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 
Year to date.
YTD:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20080213171500.txt.gz
TIME:20080213171500
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On February 7, 2008, ACE INA Holdings Inc. agreed to sell in a public offering $300 million of 5.80% Senior Notes due 2018. The notes will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by ACE Limited.
Attached as Exhibits 1.1 and 1.2 are copies of the underwriting agreement and terms agreement relating to such public offering.
 
(d) Exhibits.
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: February 13, 2008

Exhibit 1.1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
February 7, 2008
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), proposes to issue and sell up to $300,000,000 aggregate initial public offering price, or its equivalent based on the applicable exchange rate at the time of offering in such foreign or composite currencies as the Company shall designate at the time of offering, of its senior or subordinated debt securities (the "Debt Securities"), from time to time, in or pursuant to one or more offerings on terms to be determined at the time of sale. The Debt Securities will be unconditionally guaranteed as to payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest by ACE Limited, a Cayman Islands company (the "Guarantor").
The Debt Securities will be issued in one or more series as senior indebtedness (the "Senior Debt Securities") under an indenture, dated as of August 1, 1999 (the "Senior Indenture"), among the Company, the Guarantor and J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association (as successor to The First National Bank of Chicago), as trustee (the "Senior Trustee"), or as subordinated indebtedness (the "Subordinated Debt Securities") under an indenture (the "Subordinated Indenture", and collectively with the Senior Indenture, the "Indentures", and each, an "Indenture"), dated as of December 1, 1999 among the Company, the Guarantor and J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the "Subordinated Trustee", and collectively with the Senior Trustee, the "Trustees", and each, a "Trustee"). Each series of Debt Securities may vary, as applicable, as to title, aggregate principal amount, rank, interest rate or formula and timing of payments thereof, stated maturity date, redemption and/or repayment provisions, sinking fund requirements, conversion or exchange provisions and any other variable terms established by or pursuant to the applicable Indenture.
Whenever the Company determines to make an offering of Debt Securities, the Company and the Guarantor will enter into an agreement (each, a "Terms Agreement") providing for the sale of such Debt Securities to, and the purchase and offering thereof by, the underwriters specified in the Terms Agreement (the "Underwriters", which term shall include any Underwriter substituted pursuant to Section 10 hereof). The Terms Agreement relating to the offering of Debt Securities shall specify the aggregate principal amount of Debt Securities to be
 
issued (the "Underwritten Securities"), the name of each Underwriter participating in such offering (subject to substitution as provided in Section 10 hereof) and the name of any Underwriter acting as co-manager in connection with such offering, the aggregate principal amount of Underwritten Securities that each such Underwriter severally agrees to purchase, whether such offering is on a fixed or variable price basis and, if on a fixed price basis, the initial offering price, the price at which the Underwritten Securities are to be purchased by the Underwriters, the form, time, date and place of delivery and payment of the Underwritten Securities and any other material variable terms of the Underwritten Securities. The Terms Agreement, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, may take the form of an exchange of any standard form of written telecommunication between the Company and one or more of the Underwriters, acting for themselves and, if applicable, as representative(s) of any other Underwriters. Each offering of Underwritten Securities will be governed by this Underwriting Agreement, as supplemented by the applicable Terms Agreement. As used herein, the term "Representative(s)" means, with respect to any offering of Debt Securities, any Underwriter(s) specified as the representative(s) of the Underwriters of such offering in the applicable Terms Agreement and if none is so designated, it means the Underwriters.
The Company and the Guarantor have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") a joint automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-130378), for the registration of the Debt Securities and the guarantee thereof of the Guarantor (the "Guarantee") under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "1933 Act"), and the offering thereof from time to time in accordance with Rule 415 of the rules and regulations of the Commission under the 1933 Act (the "1933 Act Regulations"). Such registration statement became effective automatically upon filing on December 16, 2005, each Indenture has been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the "1939 Act"), and the Company and the Guarantor have filed such post-effective amendments to such registration statement as may be required prior to the execution of the applicable Terms Agreement and each such post-effective amendment became effective automatically upon filing with the Commission. At any given time, such registration statement (as so amended, if applicable, to such time), including any required information deemed to be a part thereof at such time pursuant to Rule 430B under the 1933 Act (the "Rule 430B Information"), is referred to herein as the "Registration Statement"; and the final base prospectus or prospectuses and the final prospectus supplement relating to the offering of the Underwritten Securities, in the form first furnished to the Underwriters by the Company and the Guarantor for use in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities, are collectively referred to herein as the "Prospectus"; provided, however, that at any given time references to the "Registration Statement" and the "Prospectus" shall also be deemed to include all documents incorporated therein by reference pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "1934 Act"), as of, in the case of the Registration Statement, such given date, or, in the case of the Prospectus, as of the date of the Prospectus. A "preliminary prospectus" shall be deemed to refer to any prospectus used before the Registration Statement became effective and any prospectus that omitted information to be included upon pricing in a form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the 1933 Act Regulations and was used after such effectiveness and prior to the relevant Applicable Time (as defined in the applicable Terms Agreement), including in each case any base prospectus so used and the documents incorporated by reference therein. For purposes of this Underwriting Agreement, all references to the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus or to any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing shall be deemed to include any copy filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system ("EDGAR").
 
The term "Disclosure Package" shall mean (i) each preliminary prospectus, as amended or supplemented, used in connection with the offer of the Underwritten Securities, (ii) the issuer free writing prospectuses as defined in Rule 433 of the Securities Act (each, an "Issuer Free Writing Prospectus"), if any, (iii) any other free writing prospectus that the parties hereto shall hereafter expressly agree in writing to treat as part of the Disclosure Package and (iv) the Final Term Sheet (as defined herein), which shall be identified in Schedule I to the applicable Terms Agreement.
All references in this Underwriting Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information which is, at a given time, "contained," "included" or "stated" (or other references of like import) in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and schedules and other information which is incorporated by reference or deemed to be included in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus, as the case may be, as of, in the case of the Registration Statement, such given time, or, in the case of the Prospectus, the date of the Prospectus, or, in the case of a preliminary prospectus, the relevant Applicable Time; and all references in this Underwriting Agreement to amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus shall be deemed, at a given time, to mean and include the filing of any document under 1934 Act or the 1933 Act which is incorporated by reference or deemed to be included in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus, as the case may be, after, in the case of the Registration Statement, such given time, or, in the case of the Prospectus, the date of the Prospectus, or, in the case of a preliminary prospectus, the relevant Applicable Time.
SECTION 1. .
Representations and Warranties
(a) The Company and the Guarantor represent and warrant to each Underwriter named in the applicable Terms Agreement, as of the date thereof, as of the Applicable Time and as of the Closing Time (as defined below) (in each case, a "Representation Date"), as follows:
Representations and Warranties by the Company and the Guarantor.
(1) . (i) At the time of filing the Registration Statement, (ii) at the time of the most recent amendment thereto for the purposes of complying with Section 10(a)(3) of the 1933 Act (whether such amendment was by post-effective amendment, incorporated report filed pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act or form of prospectus) and (iii) at the execution time of each of this Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement (with each such date being used as the determination date for purposes of this clause (iii)), the Company was and is a "well known seasoned issuer" as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Act. The Registration Statement is an "automatic shelf registration statement", as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Act, neither the Company nor the Guarantor has received from the Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the 1933 Act objecting to use of the automatic shelf registration statement form and neither the Company nor the Guarantor has otherwise ceased to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration statement form.
Compliance with Registration Requirements; Disclosure
 
(i) At the earliest time after the filing of the Registration Statement relating to the Underwritten Securities that the Company, the Guarantor or another offering participant made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) of the 1933 Act) and (ii) as of the date of the execution and delivery of each of this Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement (with each such date being used as the determination date for purposes of this clause (ii)), neither the Company nor the Guarantor was or is an Ineligible Issuer (as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Act), without taking account of any determination by the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 of the 1933 Act that it is not necessary that either the Company or the Guarantor be considered an Ineligible Issuer.
No stop order has been issued under the 1933 Act and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or the Guarantor, are contemplated by the Commission, and any request on the part of the Commission for additional information has been complied with. In addition, each Indenture has been duly qualified under the 1939 Act.
At the respective times the Registration Statement became effective or was deemed effective with respect to the Underwriters pursuant to Rule 430B(f)(2) under the 1933 Act and at each Representation Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and the 1939 Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission under the 1939 Act (the "1939 Act Regulations") and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.
At the date of the Prospectus and at the Closing Time, neither the Prospectus nor any amendments and supplements thereto included or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
As of the Applicable Time, the Disclosure Package did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
Neither any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus nor the Final Term Sheet, as of its issue date and at all subsequent times through the completion of the offering of the Underwritten Securities or until any earlier date that the Company or the Guarantor notified or notifies the Representatives as described in the next sentence, did not, does not and will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any preliminary prospectus, including any document incorporated by reference therein that has not been superseded or modified. If at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such
 
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any preliminary prospectus, the Company has promptly notified or will promptly notify the Representatives and has promptly amended or supplemented or will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict.
The Company has not distributed and will not distribute, prior to the later of the Closing Time and the completion of the Underwriters' distribution of the Underwritten Securities, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Underwritten Securities other than a preliminary prospectus, the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus reviewed and consented to by the Representatives and included in Schedule I to the applicable Terms Agreement or the Registration Statement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the representations and warranties in this subsection shall not apply to statements in or omissions from the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company or the Guarantor in writing by any Underwriter through the Representative(s) expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus.
To the Company's knowledge, the Registration Statement is not the subject of a pending proceeding or examination under Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the 1933 Act, nor is the Company or the Guarantor the subject of a pending proceeding under Section 8A of the 1933 Act in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities.
Each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus filed as part of the Registration Statement as originally filed or as part of any amendment thereto, or filed pursuant to Rule 424 under the 1933 Act, complied when so filed in all material respects with the 1933 Act Regulations and each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with the offering of Underwritten Securities will, at the time of such delivery, be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.
(2) . The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, at the time they were or hereafter are filed with the Commission, complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (the "1934 Act Regulations") and, when read together with the other information in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, at the Applicable Time or at the date of the Prospectus, as the case may be, and at the Closing Time, did not and will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
Incorporated Documents
(3) . The accountants who certified or shall certify the financial statements and any supporting schedules thereto of the Guarantor included in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus are independent public accountants with respect to the Guarantor and its subsidiaries as required by the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations.
Independent Accountants
 
(4) . The financial statements of the Guarantor included in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, together with the related schedules and notes, as well as those financial statements, schedules and notes of any other entity included therein, present fairly the financial position of the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries, or such other entity, as the case may be, at the dates indicated and the statement of operations, stockholders' equity and cash flows of the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries, or such other entity, as the case may be, for the periods specified. Such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved, except as indicated therein or in the notes thereto. The supporting schedules, if any, included in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus present fairly in accordance with GAAP the information required to be stated therein. The selected financial data and the summary financial information, if any, included in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus present fairly the information shown therein and have been compiled on a basis consistent with that of the related audited financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.
Financial Statements
(5) . Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except as otherwise stated therein (i) neither the Guarantor nor any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) has sustained any material loss or material interference with its business from any action, notice, order or decree from an insurance regulatory authority and (ii) there has been (A) no material adverse change in case reserves or losses or loss expense of the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries (including the Company) and (B) no material adverse change, nor any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business, or results of operations of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries (including the Company) considered as one enterprise, in either case whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business (a "Material Adverse Change").
No Material Adverse Change in Business
(6) . The Company has been duly incorporated and is subsisting and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under, or as contemplated under, this Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement. The Company is duly qualified to transact business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Good Standing of the Company
 
(7) . The Guarantor has been duly incorporated and is existing and in good standing under the laws of the Cayman Islands, with corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under, or as contemplated under, this Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement. The Guarantor is duly qualified to transact business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Good Standing of the Guarantor
(8) . Each subsidiary of the Guarantor, other than such subsidiaries as would not, individually or in the aggregate, constitute a "significant subsidiary" as such term is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated under the 1933 Act (each, a "Significant Subsidiary") (including the Company) that is a corporation has been duly incorporated or organized and is an existing corporation in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, with corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; and each such Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor is duly qualified to transact business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of each such Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor has been duly authorized and validly issued and is fully paid and nonassessable; and all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of each such Significant Subsidiary is owned by the Guarantor, directly or through subsidiaries, except for de minimis shareholdings as required to comply with applicable law, and such capital stock is owned free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance, claim or equity (except for restrictions on transferability of the shares of insurance subsidiaries, under applicable law).
Good Standing of Corporate Subsidiaries
(9) . Each Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor that is a partnership has been duly formed and is an existing partnership in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation, with power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; and each such Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; all of the outstanding equity interests of each such Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor have been duly authorized and validly issued; and all of the equity interests of each such Significant Subsidiary are owned by the Guarantor,
Good Standing of Partnership Subsidiaries
 
directly or through subsidiaries, free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance, claim or equity (other than immaterial amounts necessary to comply with applicable law).
(10) . If the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus contains a "Capitalization" section, the authorized, issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Guarantor are as set forth in the column entitled "Actual" under such section (except for subsequent issuances thereof, if any, pursuant to reservations, agreements or employee benefit plans or pursuant to the exercise of convertible securities or options). Such shares of capital stock have been duly authorized and validly issued by the Guarantor and are fully paid and non-assessable, and none of such shares of capital stock was issued in violation of preemptive or other similar rights of any securityholder of the Guarantor.
Capitalization
(11) . This Underwriting Agreement has been, and the applicable Terms Agreement as of the date thereof will have been, duly authorized, executed and delivered by each of the Company and the Guarantor.
Authorization of this Underwriting Agreement and Terms Agreement
(12) . The Underwritten Securities have been, or as of the date of the applicable Terms Agreement will have been, duly authorized by the Company for issuance and sale pursuant to this Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement. Such Underwritten Securities, when issued and authenticated in the manner provided for in the applicable Indenture and delivered against payment of the consideration therefor specified in such Terms Agreement, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), and except further as enforcement thereof may be limited by requirements that a claim with respect to any Underwritten Securities payable in a foreign or composite currency (or a foreign or composite currency judgment in respect of such claim) be converted into U.S. dollars at a rate of exchange prevailing on a date determined pursuant to applicable law or by governmental authority to limit, delay or prohibit the making of payments outside the United States. Such Underwritten Securities will be in the form contemplated by, and each registered holder thereof will be entitled to the benefits of, the applicable Indenture.
Authorization of Underwritten Securities
(13) . The Guarantee has been, or as of the date of such Terms Agreement will have been, duly authorized by the Guarantor for issuance pursuant to this Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement. Such Guarantee, when issued and delivered in the manner provided for in the applicable Indenture, will constitute a valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor, enforceable against the Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws
Authorization of Guarantee
 
affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), and will be in the form contemplated by, and entitled to the benefits of, the Indenture.
(14) . The applicable Indenture has been, or prior to the issuance of the Debt Securities thereunder will have been, duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and the Guarantor and, upon such authorization, execution and delivery, will constitute a valid and binding agreement of the Company and the Guarantor, enforceable against each of them in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).
Authorization of the Indentures
(15) . The Underwritten Securities being sold pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement, the Guarantee and each applicable Indenture, as of each Representation Date, will conform in all material respects to the statements relating thereto contained in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and will be in substantially the form filed or incorporated by reference, as the case may be, as an exhibit to the Registration Statement.
Descriptions of the Underwritten Securities, the Guarantee and the Indentures
(16) . Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, under current laws and regulations of the Cayman Islands and Bermuda and any political subdivision thereof, all interest payable on the Underwritten Securities may be paid by the Guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee to the holders thereof in United States dollars and freely transferred out of the Cayman Islands or Bermuda and all such payments made to holders thereof or therein who are non-residents of the Cayman Islands or Bermuda will not be subject to income, withholding or other taxes under laws and regulations of the Cayman Islands or Bermuda or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein and will otherwise be free and clear of any other tax, duty, withholding or deduction in the Cayman Islands or Bermuda or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein and without the necessity of obtaining any governmental authorization in the Cayman Islands or Bermuda or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein.
Non-Taxation of Interest
(17) . The description of the Guarantor's reserves and reserving methodology and assumptions described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus is accurate and fairly presents the information set forth therein in all material respects and, since the date of the latest financial statements included in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, no loss experience has developed which would require or make it appropriate for the Guarantor to alter or modify such methodology.
Reserves
(18) . Neither the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is in violation of its charter or by-laws, partnership agreement or other constitutive documents or in default in the performance or observance
Absence of Defaults and Conflicts
 
of any obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan or credit agreement, note, lease or other agreement or instrument to which the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to which any of the assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is subject (collectively, "Agreements and Instruments"), except for such defaults that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. The execution, delivery and performance of this Underwriting Agreement, the applicable Terms Agreement and each applicable Indenture and any other agreement or instrument entered into or issued or to be entered into or issued by the Company or the Guarantor in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (including, without limitation, the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities, the issuance of the Guarantee, and the use of the proceeds from the sale of the Underwritten Securities, together with the Guarantee, as described under the caption "Use of Proceeds") and compliance by the Company and the Guarantor, as applicable, with their respective obligations hereunder and thereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and do not and will not, whether with or without the giving of notice or passage of time or both, conflict with or constitute a breach of, or default or Repayment Event (as defined below) under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) pursuant to, any Agreements and Instruments (except for such conflicts, breaches, defaults or Repayment Events or liens, charges or encumbrances that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change), nor will such action result in any violation of the provisions of the charter, by-laws, partnership agreement or other constitutive document of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) or, to the best of the Company's and the Guarantor's knowledge, any applicable law, statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ or decree of any government, government instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) or over any of the assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company), except for such violations under applicable law, statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ or decree as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. As used herein, a "Repayment Event" means any event or condition that gives the holder of any note, debenture or other evidence of indebtedness (or any person acting on such holder's behalf) the right to require the repurchase, redemption or repayment of all or a portion of such indebtedness by the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company).
(19) . There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or brought by any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign, now pending, or to the knowledge of the Company or the Guarantor threatened or contemplated, against or affecting the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) that is required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus (other than as stated therein), or that would
Absence of Proceedings
 
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, or that would reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the ability of the Company or the Guarantor to perform its obligations under this Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement.
(20) . There are no contracts or documents that are required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, the Prospectus or the documents incorporated by reference therein or to be filed as exhibits thereto that have not been so described and filed as required.
Accuracy of Exhibits
(21) . No consent, approval, authorization, or order of, or filing with, any governmental agency or body or any court, domestic or foreign, is required for the due authorization, execution or delivery by the Company or the Guarantor of this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement or for the performance by the Company or the Guarantor of the transactions contemplated under the Prospectus, this Underwriting Agreement, such Terms Agreement or the applicable Indenture, as applicable, except such as have been obtained and made under the 1933 Act, such filing of the Prospectus as has been made with the Bermuda Registrar of Companies under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda and such as may be required under state securities laws.
Absence of Further Requirements
(22) . The Guarantor and its subsidiaries (including the Company) possess such permits, licenses, approvals, consents and other authorizations (collectively, "Governmental Licenses") issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory agencies or bodies necessary to conduct the business now operated by them, except where the failure to so possess any such Governmental Licenses would not, singly or in aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. The Guarantor and its subsidiaries (including the Company) are in compliance with the terms and conditions of all such Governmental Licenses, except where the failure so to comply would not, singly or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. All of the Governmental Licenses are valid and in full force and effect, except where the invalidity of such Governmental Licenses or the failure of such Governmental Licenses to be in full force and effect would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. Neither the Guarantor nor any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such Governmental Licenses that, singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Possession of Licenses and Permits
(23) . Each of the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries (including insurance holding companies) is duly registered, licensed or admitted as an insurer or an insurance holding company (as applicable) in each jurisdiction where it is required to be so licensed or admitted to conduct its business as presently conducted, except where the failure to be so registered, licensed or admitted would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; each of the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries has all other necessary authorizations, approvals, orders, certificates and permits, of and from, and has made all declarations and filings with, all insurance
Insurance Laws
 
authorities, commissions or other insurance regulatory bodies to conduct their respective businesses as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except for where the failure to have such authorizations, approvals, orders, certificates and permits, or to make such declarations and filings, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; all of such authorizations, approvals, orders, certificates and permits are in full force and effect, except where the failure to be in full force and effect would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and neither the Guarantor nor its insurance subsidiaries has received any notification from any insurance authority, commission or other insurance regulatory body to the effect that any additional authorization, approval, order, license, certificate or permit from such authority, commission or body is needed to be obtained by any of the Guarantor or its insurance subsidiaries, except for any authorization, approval, order, license, certificate or permit from any such authority, commission or body the failure of which to obtain, singly or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. Each of the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries is in compliance with all applicable insurance statutes and regulations and has filed all reports, documents or other information required to be filed under such statutes and regulations, except where the failure to comply or file would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and each of the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries is in compliance with the insurance laws and regulations of other jurisdictions which are applicable to the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries (as the case may be), except where the failure to comply would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
(24) . Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, no authorization, approval or consent of any governmental authority or agency is required (other than any license as an insurer or insurance holding company and other than those that have already been obtained) under the laws of any jurisdiction in which the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) conduct their respective businesses in connection with the ownership, directly or indirectly, by the Guarantor of equity interests in any subsidiary (including the Company) or the repatriation of any amount from or to the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company), except to the extent that the failure to obtain such authorization, approval or consent would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Governmental Authorization
(25) . The Underwritten Securities, upon issuance, will be excluded or exempted under, or beyond the purview of, the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the "Commodity Exchange Act"), and the rules and regulations of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the Commodity Exchange Act (the "Commodity Exchange Act Regulations").
Commodity Exchange Act
(26) . The Company and the Guarantor are not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities as herein contemplated and the application of the net proceeds therefrom as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus they will not be, an "investment company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act").
Investment Company Act
 
(27) . The Guarantor maintains a system of internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company's principal executive officer and principal financial officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Guarantor's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of the end of the quarter ended December 31, 2006, and the Guarantor was not aware of any material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting at such time.
Internal Controls and Procedures
(b) Any certificate signed by any officer of the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries and delivered to the Representative(s) or to counsel for the Underwriters in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company, the Guarantor or such subsidiary, as the case may be, to each Underwriter as to the matters covered thereby on the date of such certificate and, unless subsequently amended or supplemented, at each Representation Date subsequent thereto.
Officers' Certificates.
SECTION 2. .
Sale and Delivery to Underwriters; Closing
(a) The several commitments of the Underwriters to purchase the Underwritten Securities pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement shall be deemed to have been made on the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained and shall be subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth.
Underwritten Securities.
(b) Payment of the purchase price for, and delivery of, the Underwritten Securities shall be made at the offices of Sidley Austin , 787 Seventh Avenue, New York, New York 10019, or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Representative(s) and the Company, at 9:00 A.M. (Eastern time) on the third (fourth, if the pricing occurs after 4:30 P.M. (Eastern time) on any given day) business day after the date of the applicable Terms Agreement (unless postponed in accordance with the provisions of Section 10 hereof), or such other time not later than ten business days after such date as shall be agreed upon by the Representative(s) and the Company (such time and date of payment and delivery being herein called "Closing Time").
Payment.
LLP
Payment shall be made to the Company by wire transfer of immediately available funds to a bank account designated by the Company, against delivery to the Representative(s) for the respective accounts of the Underwriters of the Underwritten Securities to be purchased by them. It is understood that each Underwriter has authorized the Representative(s), for its account, to accept delivery of, receipt for, and make payment of the purchase price for, the Underwritten Securities which it has severally agreed to purchase. Any Representative, individually and not as representative of the Underwriters, may (but shall not be obligated to) make payment of the purchase price for the Underwritten Securities to be purchased by any Underwriter whose funds have not been received by the Closing Time, but such payment shall not relieve such Underwriter from its obligations hereunder.
(c) If the Underwritten Securities are issued other than in book-entry form, certificates for the Underwritten Securities shall be in such denominations and
Denominations; Registration.
 
registered in such names as the Representative(s) may request in writing at least one full business day prior to the Closing Time. If the Underwritten Securities are issued other than in book-entry form, certificates for the Underwritten Securities will be made available for examination and packaging by the Representative(s) in The City of New York not later than 10:00 A.M. (Eastern time) on the business day prior to the Closing Time.
SECTION 3. . The Company and the Guarantor covenant with the Representative(s) and with each Underwriter participating in the offering of Underwritten Securities, as follows:
Covenants of the Company and the Guarantor
(a) The Company and the Guarantor, subject to Section 3(b), will comply with the requirements of Rule 430B of the 1933 Act Regulations, if and as applicable, and they will notify the Representative(s) immediately, and confirm the notice in writing, of (i) the filing and effectiveness of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or the filing of any supplement or amendment to the Prospectus, (ii) the receipt of any comments from the Commission, (iii) any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus or for additional information, (iv) the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any preliminary prospectus, or of the suspension of the qualification of the Underwritten Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of any proceedings for any of such purposes or of any examination pursuant to Section 8(e) of the 1933 Act concerning the Registration Statement and (v) if the Company or the Guarantor becomes the subject of a proceeding under Section 8A of the 1933 Act in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities. The Company and the Guarantor will effect the filings required under Rule 424(b) of the 1933 Act Regulations, in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)), and will take such steps as they deem necessary to ascertain promptly whether each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus transmitted for filing under Rule 424 was received for filing by the Commission and, in the event that it was not, they will promptly file such preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus. The Company and the Guarantor will make every reasonable effort to prevent the issuance of any stop order and, if any stop order is issued, to obtain the lifting thereof at the earliest possible moment. The Company and the Guarantor agree to pay the required Commission filing fees relating to the Underwritten Securities within the time required by Rule 456(b)(1) of the 1933 Act Regulations without regard to the proviso therein and otherwise in accordance with Rules 456(b) and 457(r) of the 1933 Act Regulations.
Compliance with Securities Regulations and Commission Requests; Payment of Filing Fees.
(b) . The Company and the Guarantor will give the Representative(s) notice of their intention to file or prepare any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment, supplement or revision to either any preliminary prospectus or to the Prospectus, whether pursuant to the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or otherwise, and the Company and the Guarantor will furnish the Representative(s) with copies of any such documents a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing or use, as the case may be, and will give the Representative(s) a reasonable opportunity to comment on any such document prior to such proposed filing or use, as the case may be. The Company will prepare a final term sheet (the "Final Term Sheet") reflecting the
Filing of Amendments and Exchange Act Documents; Preparation of Final Term Sheet
 
final terms of the Underwritten Securities, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative(s) and attached as Schedule II to the applicable Terms Agreement, and shall file such Final Term Sheet as an "issuer free writing prospectus" pursuant to Rule 433 under the 1933 Act Regulations within the time required by such rule.
(c) The Company and the Guarantor have furnished or will deliver to the Representative(s) and counsel for the Underwriters, without charge, signed copies of the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each amendment thereto (including exhibits filed therewith or incorporated by reference therein and documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein or deemed to be a part thereof) and signed copies of all consents and certificates of experts, and will also deliver to the Representative(s), without charge, a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each amendment thereto (without exhibits) for each of the Underwriters. The Registration Statement and each amendment thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.
Delivery of Registration Statements.
(d) The Company and the Guarantor will deliver to each Underwriter, without charge, as many copies of each preliminary prospectus and each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus (as defined below) as such Underwriter may reasonably request, and the Company and the Guarantor hereby consent to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the 1933 Act. The Company and the Guarantor will furnish to each Underwriter, without charge, during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act, such number of copies of the Prospectus as such Underwriter may reasonably request. The Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.
Delivery of Prospectuses.
(e) The Company and the Guarantor will comply with the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and the 1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Underwritten Securities as contemplated in this Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement and in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. If at any time when the Prospectus is required by the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act to be delivered in connection with sales of the Underwritten Securities, any event shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters or for the Company and the Guarantor, to amend the Registration Statement in order that the Registration Statement will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or to amend or supplement the Prospectus in order that the Prospectus will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading in the light of the circumstances existing at the time it is delivered to a purchaser, or if it shall be necessary, in the opinion of such counsel, at any such time to amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement the Prospectus in order to comply with the requirements of the 1933 Act or the 1933 Act Regulations, the Company and the Guarantor will promptly prepare and file with the Commission, at its own expense, subject to Section 3(b), such amendment or supplement as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or to comply with such requirements, the
Continued Compliance with Securities Laws.
 
Company and the Guarantor will use their best efforts to have such amendment declared effective as soon as practicable (if it is not automatically effective with respect to the Underwritten Securities), and the Company and the Guarantor will furnish to the Underwriters, without charge, such number of copies of such amendment or supplement as the Underwriters may reasonably request. Neither the Representatives' consent to, nor any Underwriters' delivery of, any such amendment or supplement shall constitute a waiver of any of the conditions set forth in Section 5. If at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or any preliminary prospectus or included or would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances prevailing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company and the Guarantor will promptly notify the Representative(s) and will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement or omission and will promptly file such amendment or supplement with the Commission.
(f) The Company and the Guarantor will use their best efforts, in cooperation with the Underwriters, to qualify the Underwritten Securities for offering and sale under the applicable securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions (domestic or foreign) as the Representative(s) may designate and to maintain such qualifications in effect for a period of not less than one year from the date of the applicable Terms Agreement; provided, however, that the Company and the Guarantor shall not be obligated to file any general consent to service of process or to qualify as a foreign corporation or as a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which they are not so qualified or to subject themselves to taxation in respect of doing business in any jurisdiction in which they are not otherwise so subject. In each jurisdiction in which the Underwritten Securities have been so qualified, the Company and the Guarantor will file such statements and reports as may be required by the laws of such jurisdiction to continue such qualification in effect for a period of not less than one year from the date of such Terms Agreement.
Blue Sky Qualifications.
(g) . The Guarantor and, to the extent separately required pursuant to Rule 158 under the 1933 Act, the Company will timely file such reports pursuant to the 1934 Act as are necessary in order to make generally available to its securityholders as soon as practicable an earnings statement for the purposes of, and to provide the benefits contemplated by, the last paragraph of Section 11(a) of the 1933 Act.
Earnings Statement
(h) The Company will use the net proceeds received by it from the sale of the Underwritten Securities in the manner specified under "Use of Proceeds" in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.
Use of Proceeds.
(i) The Company and the Guarantor will use their best efforts to effect the listing of the Underwritten Securities, prior to the Closing Time, on any national securities exchange or quotation system if and as specified in the applicable Terms Agreement.
Listing.
(j) Between the date of the applicable Terms Agreement and the Closing Time or such other date specified in such Terms Agreement, neither
Restriction on Sale of Debt Securities.
 
the Company nor the Guarantor will, without the prior written consent of the Representative(s), directly or indirectly, issue, sell, offer or contract to sell, grant any option for the sale of, or otherwise dispose of, the debt securities specified in such Terms Agreement.
(k) The Guarantor, during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act, will file all documents required to be filed with the Commission pursuant to the 1934 Act within the time periods required by the 1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations.
Reporting Requirements.
(l) The Company and the Guarantor will jointly and severally indemnify and hold harmless the Underwriters against any documentary, stamp or similar issue tax, including any interest and penalties, on the creation, issue and sale of the Underwritten Securities and on the execution and delivery of this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement. All payments to be made by the Company or the Guarantor hereunder shall be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties or governmental charges whatsoever unless the Company or the Guarantor is compelled by law to deduct or withhold such taxes, duties or charges. In that event, the Company or the Guarantor shall pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received after such withholding or deduction shall equal the amounts that would have been received if no withholding or deduction had been made.
Documentary, Stamp or Similar Issue Taxes.
(m) Each of the Company and the Guarantor represents that it has not made, and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Representative(s), it will not make, any offer relating to the Underwritten Securities that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute a "free writing prospectus" (as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Regulations) required to be filed by the Company or the Guarantor with the Commission or retained by the Company or the Guarantor under Rule 433 of the 1933 Act Regulations; provided that the prior written consent of the Representative(s) shall be deemed to have been given in respect of the free writing prospectuses listed in Schedule I to the applicable Terms Agreement. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Representative(s) is hereinafter referred to as a "Permitted Free Writing Prospectus". Each of the Company and the Guarantor agrees that (i) it has treated and will treat, as the case may be, each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and (ii) has complied and will comply, as the case may be, with the requirements of Rules 164 and 433 of the 1933 Act Regulations applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including in respect of timely filing with the Commission, legending and record keeping. Each of the Company and the Guarantor consents to the use by any Underwriter of a free writing prospectus that (a) is not an "issuer free writing prospectus" as defined in Rule 433, and (b) contains only (i) information describing the preliminary terms of the Underwritten Securities or their offering, (ii) information permitted by Rule 134 of the 1933 Act Regulations or (iii) information that describes the final terms of the Underwritten Securities or their offering and that is included in the Final Term Sheet
Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses.
(n) . If immediately prior to the third anniversary (the "Renewal Deadline") of the initial effective date of the Registration Statement, any of the Underwritten Securities remain unsold by the Underwriters, the Company and the Guarantor will prior to the Renewal Deadline file, if it has not already done so and is eligible to
Registration Statement Renewal Deadline
 
do so, a new automatic shelf registration statement relating to the Underwritten Securities, in a form satisfactory to the Representative(s). If the Company or the Guarantor is no longer eligible to file an automatic shelf registration statement, the Company and the Guarantor will prior to the Renewal Deadline, if it has not already done so, file a new shelf registration statement relating to the Underwritten Securities, in a form satisfactory to the Representative(s), and will use its best efforts to cause such registration statement to be declared effective within 60 days after the Renewal Deadline. The Company and the Guarantor will take all other action necessary or appropriate to permit the public offering and sale of the Underwritten Securities to continue as contemplated in the expired registration statement relating to the Underwritten Securities. References herein to the Registration Statement shall include such new automatic shelf registration statement or such new shelf registration statement, as the case may be.
(o) If at any time when Underwritten Securities remain unsold by the Underwriters either the Company or the Guarantor receives from the Commission a notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations or otherwise ceases to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration statement form, the Company or the Guarantor will (i) promptly notify the Representative(s), (ii) promptly file a new registration statement or post-effective amendment on the proper form relating to the Underwritten Securities, in a form satisfactory to the Representative(s), (iii) use its best efforts to cause such registration statement of post-effective amendment to be declared effective and (iv) promptly notify the Representative(s) of such effectiveness. The Company and the Guarantor will take all other action necessary or appropriate to permit the public offering and sale of the Underwritten Securities to continue as contemplated in the registration statement that was the subject of the Rule 401(g)(2) notice or for which the Company or the Guarantor has otherwise become ineligible. References herein to the Registration Statement shall include such new registration statement or post-effective amendment, as the case may be.
Notice of Inability to Use Automatic Shelf Registration Statement Form.
SECTION 4. .
Payment of Expenses
(a) The Company and the Guarantor will pay all expenses incidental to the performance of their obligations under this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement, including (i) the preparation, printing and filing of the Registration Statement (including financial statements and exhibits) as originally filed and of each amendment thereto, (ii) the preparation, printing and delivery to the Underwriters of this Underwriting Agreement, any Terms Agreement, any Agreement among Underwriters, the Indentures, and such other documents as may be required in connection with the offering, purchase, sale, issuance or delivery of the Underwritten Securities, (iii) the preparation, issuance and delivery of the Underwritten Securities and any certificates for the Underwritten Securities, to the Underwriters, including any transfer taxes and any stamp or other duties payable upon the sale, issuance or delivery of the Underwritten Securities to the Underwriters, (iv) the fees and disbursements of the Company's and the Guarantor's counsel, accountants and other advisors or agents (including transfer agents and registrars), as well as the fees and disbursements of the Trustees, and their respective counsel, (v) the qualification of the Underwritten Securities under state securities laws in accordance with the provisions of Section 3(f) hereof, including filing fees and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters in connection therewith and in connection with the preparation, printing and delivery of the Blue Sky Survey, and any amendment thereto, (vi) the printing and delivery to the Underwriters and filing of copies of each
Expenses.
 
preliminary prospectus, the Prospectus, any free writing prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, (vii) the fees charged by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations for the rating of the Underwritten Securities, if applicable, (viii) the fees and expenses incurred with respect to the listing of the Underwritten Securities, if applicable, and (ix) the filing fees incident to, and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Underwriters in connection with, the review, if any, by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (the "FINRA") of the terms of the sale of the Underwritten Securities.
(b) If the applicable Terms Agreement is terminated by the Representative(s) in accordance with the provisions of Section 5 or Section 9(a)(i) or 9(a)(ii) hereof, the Company and the Guarantor shall reimburse the Underwriters for all of their out-of-pocket expenses, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters.
Termination of Agreement.
SECTION 5. . The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Underwritten Securities pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement are subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company and the Guarantor contained in Section 1(a) hereof or in certificates of any officer of the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries delivered pursuant to the provisions hereof, to the performance by the Company and the Guarantor of their covenants and other obligations hereunder, and to the following further conditions:
Conditions of Underwriters' Obligations
(a) The Registration Statement has become effective under the 1933 Act; no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued under the 1933 Act and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or be pending or threatened by the Commission; any request on the part of the Commission for additional information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of counsel to the Underwriters; no notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations shall have been received by the Company or the Guarantor objecting to the use of the automatic shelf registration statement form; the Registration Statement is not the subject of a pending proceeding or examination under Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the 1933 Act, and neither the Company nor the Guarantor is the subject of a pending proceeding under Section 8A of the 1933 Act in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities. Each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus shall have been filed with the Commission (including the information required by Rule 430B of the 1933 Act Regulations) in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) of the 1933 Act Regulations without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8) of the 1933 Act Regulations, or a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement containing the information required by such Rule 430B shall have been filed, and such post-effective amendment shall have become effective. The Final Term Sheet and any other material required to be filed by the Company or the Guarantor pursuant to Rule 433(d) of the 1933 Act Regulations, shall have been filed with the Commission within the applicable time periods prescribed for such filings under such Rule 433.
Effectiveness of Registration Statement; No Objection from the FINRA; Filings.
(b) . At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received the favorable opinions, each dated as of Closing Time, of Maples and Calder, Cayman Islands counsel for the Guarantor, Conyers Dill & Pearman, Bermuda Counsel for the Guarantor, the Guarantor's General Counsel, and Mayer Brown LLP,
Opinions of Counsel for Company and Guarantor
 
United States counsel for the Company and the Guarantor, in form and substance satisfactory to counsel for the Underwriters, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letters for each of the other Underwriters, to the effect set forth in: Exhibit B hereto with respect to the opinion of Maples and Calder; Exhibit C hereto with respect to the opinion of Conyers Dill & Pearman; Exhibit D hereto with respect to the opinion of the Guarantor's General Counsel and Exhibit E hereto with respect to the opinion of Mayer Brown LLP, and, as to each opinion, to such further effect as the Underwriters may reasonably request.
(c) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received the favorable opinion, dated as of Closing Time, of Sidley Austin , counsel for the Underwriters, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriters, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letter for each of the other Underwriters. In giving such opinion, such counsel may rely, as to all matters governed by the laws of jurisdictions other than the law of the State of New York, the federal law of the United States and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, upon the opinions of counsel satisfactory to the Representative(s). Such counsel may also state that, insofar as such opinion involves factual matters, they have relied, to the extent they deem proper, upon certificates of officers of the Company, the Guarantor and their respective subsidiaries and certificates of public officials.
Opinion of Counsel for Underwriters.
LLP
(d) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received a certificate of the President or a Vice President of the Company and of the chief financial officer or chief accounting officer of the Company, dated as of Closing Time, to the effect that (i) there has not been, since the date of the applicable Terms Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, any material adverse change, or any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (ii) the representations and warranties of the Company in Section 1(a) are true and correct with the same force and effect as though expressly made at and as of the Closing Time, (iii) the Company has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to the Closing Time, and (iv) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted, are pending or, to the best of such officer's knowledge, are threatened by the Commission.
Company Officers' Certificate.
(e) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received a certificate of either the Chairman, the President and Chief Executive Officer or the General Counsel and Secretary of the Guarantor and of either the chief financial officer, chief accounting officer or chief investment officer of the Guarantor, dated as of Closing Time, to the effect that, to the best of their knowledge and after reasonable investigation, (i) there has not been, since the date of the applicable Terms Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, any material adverse change, or any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business or results of operations of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (ii) the representations and warranties of the Guarantor in Section 1(a) are true and correct with the same force and effect as though expressly made at and as of the Closing Time, (iii) the Guarantor has complied
Guarantor Officers' Certificate.
 
with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to the Closing Time, and (iv) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted, are pending or are threatened by the Commission.
(f) At the time of the execution of the applicable Terms Agreement, the Representative(s) shall have received from Pricewaterhouse Coopers letters, each dated such date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative(s), together with signed or reproduced copies of such letters for each of the other Underwriters, containing statements and information of the type ordinarily included in accountants' "comfort letters" to underwriters with respect to the financial statements and certain financial information contained in the Registration Statement, the preliminary prospectus or prospectuses that are part of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.
Accountant's Comfort Letters.
LLP
(g) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received from Pricewaterhouse Coopers letters, each dated as of Closing Time, to the effect that they reaffirm the statements made in the letters furnished pursuant to subsection (f) of this Section 5, except that the specified date referred to shall be a date not more than three business days prior to the Closing Time.
Bring-down Comfort Letters.
LLP
(h) At Closing Time, the Underwritten Securities shall have the ratings accorded by any "nationally recognized statistical rating organization", as defined by the Commission for purposes of Rule 436(g)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations (each, a "Rating Organization"), if and as specified in the applicable Terms Agreement, and the Company and the Guarantor shall have delivered to the Representative(s) a letter, dated as of such date, from each such rating organization, or other evidence satisfactory to the Representative(s), confirming that the Underwritten Securities have such ratings. Since the time of execution of such Terms Agreement, there shall not have occurred a downgrading in, or withdrawal of, the rating assigned to the Underwritten Securities or any of the Guarantor's other securities or the Guarantor's financial strength or claims paying ability by any such Rating Organization, and no such Rating Organization shall have publicly announced that it has under surveillance or review with negative implications its rating of the Underwritten Securities or any of the Guarantor's other securities or the Guarantor's financial strength or claims paying ability.
Ratings.
(i) At Closing Time, the Underwritten Securities shall have been approved for listing, subject only to official notice of issuance, on the securities exchanges, if any, specified in the applicable Terms Agreement.
Approval of Listing.
(j) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received from the Guarantor a certificate, dated as of Closing Time and in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative(s), relating to certain financial and accounting matters.
Guarantor's Officer's Certificate.
(k) At Closing Time, counsel for the Underwriters shall have been furnished with such documents and opinions as they may require for the purpose of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities as herein contemplated, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the conditions, herein contained; and all proceedings taken by the
Additional Documents.
 
Company and the Guarantor in connection with the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities and the Guarantee as herein contemplated shall be satisfactory in form and substance to the Representative(s) and counsel for the Underwriters.
(l) If any condition specified in this Section 5 shall not have been fulfilled when and as required to be fulfilled, the applicable Terms Agreement may be terminated by the Representative(s) by notice to the Company and the Guarantor at any time at or prior to the Closing Time, and such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except as provided in Section 4 and except that Sections 1, 6, 7 and 8 shall survive any such termination and remain in full force and effect.
Termination of Terms Agreement.
SECTION 6. .
Indemnification
(a) The Company and the Guarantor agree to jointly and severally indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter and each person, if any, who controls any Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act as follows:
Indemnification of Underwriters.
(1) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B Information deemed to be a part thereof, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact included in any preliminary prospectus, the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the information contained in the Final Term Sheet, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;
(2) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, to the extent of the aggregate amount paid in settlement of any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission; provided that (subject to Section 6(d) below) any such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company and the Guarantor; and
(3) against any and all expense whatsoever, as incurred (including the fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by the Representative(s)), reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission, to the extent that any such expense is not paid under (1) or (2) above;
 
, , that this indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense to the extent arising out of any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company or the Guarantor by any Underwriter through the Representative(s) expressly for use in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B Information deemed to be a part thereof or any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto).
provided
however
(b) Each Underwriter severally and not jointly agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, the Guarantor, their respective directors, each of their respective officers who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company or the Guarantor within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the indemnity contained in subsection (a) of this Section, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions, made in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B Information deemed to be a part thereof or any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company or the Guarantor by such Underwriter through the Representative(s) expressly for use in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto) or such preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto).
Indemnification of Company, Guarantor, Directors and Officers.
(c) Each indemnified party shall give notice as promptly as reasonably practicable to each indemnifying party of any action commenced against it in respect of which indemnity may be sought hereunder, but failure to so notify an indemnifying party shall not relieve such indemnifying party from any liability hereunder to the extent it is not materially prejudiced as a result thereof and in any event shall not relieve it from any liability which it may have otherwise than on account of this indemnity agreement. In the case of parties indemnified pursuant to Section 6(a) above, counsel to the indemnified parties shall be selected by the Representative(s), and, in the case of parties indemnified pursuant to Section 6(b) above, counsel to the indemnified parties shall be selected by the Guarantor. An indemnifying party may participate at its own expense in the defense of any such action; provided, however, that counsel to the indemnifying party shall not (except with the consent of the indemnified party) also be counsel to the indemnified party. In no event shall the indemnifying parties be liable for fees and expenses of more than one counsel (in addition to any local counsel) separate from their own counsel for all indemnified parties in connection with any one action or separate but similar or related actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified parties, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever in respect of which indemnification or contribution could be sought under this Section 6 or Section 7 hereof (whether or not the indemnified parties are actual or potential parties thereto), unless such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes an unconditional release of each indemnified party from all liability arising out of such litigation, investigation, proceeding or claim and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party.
Actions against Parties; Notification.
 
(d) If at any time an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel, such indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of the nature contemplated by Section 6(a)(2) effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 45 days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request, (ii) such indemnifying party shall have received notice of the terms of such settlement at least 30 days prior to such settlement being entered into and (iii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed such indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement.
Settlement without Consent if Failure to Reimburse.
SECTION 7. . If the indemnification provided for in Section 6 hereof is for any reason unavailable to or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the aggregate amount of such losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses incurred by such indemnified party, as incurred, (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, from the offering of the Underwritten Securities pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations.
Contribution
The relative benefits received by the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the total net proceeds from the offering of such Underwritten Securities (before deducting expenses) received by the Company and the total underwriting discount received by the Underwriters, in each case as set forth on the cover of the Prospectus bear to the aggregate initial public offering price of such Underwritten Securities as set forth on such cover.
The relative fault of the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any such untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or the Guarantor or by the Underwriters and the parties' relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission.
The Company, the Guarantor and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 7 were determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to above in this Section 7. The aggregate amount of losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses incurred by an indemnified party and referred to above in this Section 7 shall be deemed to include any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.
 
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 7, no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total price at which the Underwritten Securities underwritten by it and distributed to the public were offered to the public exceeds the amount of any damages which such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason of any such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.
No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.
For purposes of this Section 7, each person, if any, who controls an Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act shall have the same rights to contribution as such Underwriter, and each director of the Company and the Guarantor, each officer of the Company and the Guarantor who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company or the Guarantor within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company and the Guarantor. The Underwriters' respective obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 7 are several in proportion to the aggregate principal amount of Initial Underwritten Securities set forth opposite their respective names in the applicable Terms Agreement, and not joint.
SECTION 8. . All representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement or in certificates of officers of the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries submitted pursuant hereto or thereto shall remain operative and in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or controlling person, or by or on behalf of the Company or the Guarantor, and shall survive delivery of and payment for the Underwritten Securities.
Representations, Warranties and Agreements to Survive Delivery
SECTION 9. .
Termination
(a) The Representative(s) may terminate this Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement, by notice to the Company and the Guarantor, at any time at or prior to the Closing Time, if (i) there has been, since the time of execution of such Terms Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, any material adverse change, or any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (ii) there has been, since the time of execution of such Terms Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Prospectus, any material adverse change, or any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business or results of operations of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (iii) there has occurred any material adverse change in the financial markets in the United States or any outbreak of hostilities or escalation thereof or other calamity or crisis or any change or development involving a prospective change in national or international
Terms Agreement.
 
political, financial or economic conditions, in each case referred to in this clause (iii), the effect of which is such as to make it, in the judgment of the Representative(s), impracticable or inadvisable to market the Underwritten Securities or to enforce contracts for the sale of the Underwritten Securities, (iv) any downgrading in the rating of any debt securities of the Guarantor or the Company or the insurance claims paying ability rating or other insurance rating of the Guarantor or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, in each case by any "nationally recognized statistical rating organization" (as defined for purposes of Rule 436 (g) under the 1933 Act), or any public announcement that any such organization has under surveillance or review its rating of any debt securities of the Guarantor or the Company (other than an announcement with positive implications of a possible upgrading, and no implication of a possible downgrading, of such rating) or of the insurance claims paying ability or other insurance rating of the Guarantor or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, (v) trading in any securities of the Company or the Guarantor has been suspended or materially limited by the Commission or the New York Stock Exchange, or if trading generally on the New York Stock Exchange or the American Stock Exchange or in the Nasdaq National Market has been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices have been required, by either of said exchanges or by such system or by order of the Commission, the FINRA or any other governmental authority or a material disruption has occurred in commercial banking or securities settlement or clearance services in the United States or (vi) a banking moratorium has been declared by either U.S. Federal, New York or Bermuda authorities or, if the Underwritten Securities are denominated or payable in, or indexed to, one or more foreign or composite currencies, by the relevant authorities in the related foreign country or countries.
(b) If this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section 9, such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except as provided in Section 4 hereof, and provided further that Sections 1, 6, 7 and 8 shall survive such termination and remain in full force and effect.
Liabilities.
SECTION 10. . If one or more of the Underwriters shall fail at the Closing Time to purchase the Underwritten Securities which it or they are obligated to purchase under the applicable Terms Agreement (the "Defaulted Securities"), then the Representative(s) shall have the right, within 24 hours thereafter, to make arrangements for one or more of the non-defaulting Underwriters, or any other underwriters, to purchase all, but not less than all, of the Defaulted Securities in such amounts as may be agreed upon and upon the terms herein set forth; if, however, the Representative(s) shall not have completed such arrangements within such 24-hour period, then:
Default by One or More of the Underwriters
(a) if the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of Defaulted Securities does not exceed 10% of the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of Underwritten Securities to be purchased on such date pursuant to such Terms Agreement, the non-defaulting Underwriters shall be obligated, severally and not jointly, to purchase the full amount thereof in the proportions that their respective underwriting obligations under such Terms Agreement bear to the underwriting obligations of all non-defaulting Underwriters, or
 
(b) if the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of Defaulted Securities exceeds 10% of the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of Underwritten Securities to be purchased on such date pursuant to such Terms Agreement, such Terms Agreement shall terminate without liability on the part of any non-defaulting Underwriter.
No action taken pursuant to this Section 10 shall relieve any defaulting Underwriter from liability in respect of its default.
In the event of any such default which does not result in a termination of the applicable Terms Agreement, either the Representative(s) or the Company shall have the right to postpone the Closing Time for a period not exceeding seven days in order to effect any required changes in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or in any other documents or arrangements.
SECTION 11. . All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if mailed or transmitted by any standard form of telecommunication. Notices to the Underwriters shall be directed to the Representatives at the address specified in the applicable Terms Agreement; notices to the Company shall be directed to it at 436 Walnut Street, Philadelphia, PA 19106, attention of General Counsel; and notices to the Guarantor shall be directed to it at ACE Global Headquarters, 17 Woodbourne Avenue, Hamilton HM 08 Bermuda, attention of General Counsel and Secretary.
Notices
SECTION 12. . This Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement shall each inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and the Guarantor and, upon execution of such Terms Agreement, any Underwriters named therein and their respective successors. Nothing expressed or mentioned in this Underwriting Agreement or such Terms Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give any person, firm or corporation, other than the Underwriters, the Company, the Guarantor and their respective successors and the controlling persons and officers and directors referred to in Sections 6 and 7 and their heirs and legal representatives, any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Underwriting Agreement or such Terms Agreement or any provision herein or therein contained. This Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement and all conditions and provisions hereof and thereof are intended to be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto and thereto and their respective successors, and said controlling persons and officers and directors and their heirs and legal representatives, and for the benefit of no other person, firm or corporation. No purchaser of Underwritten Securities from any Underwriter shall be deemed to be a successor by reason merely of such purchase.
Parties
SECTION 13. . Each of the parties hereto hereby expressly and irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any competent court in the place of its domicile and any United States Federal or New York State court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York in any action, suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby to the extent that such court has subject matter jurisdiction over the controversy, and expressly and irrevocably waives, to the extent permitted under applicable law, any immunity from the jurisdiction thereof and any claim or defense in
Consent to Jurisdiction; Miscellaneous
 
such action, suit or proceeding based on a claim of improper venue, or any similar basis to which it might otherwise be entitled in any such action, suit or proceeding. Each of the Company and the Guarantor irrevocably appoints ACE USA, Inc., 1133 Avenue of the Americas, 32 Floor, New York, New York 10036, as its authorized agent in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York upon which process may be served in any such action, suit or proceeding, and agrees that service of process upon such agent, and written notice of said service to the Company or the Guarantor by the person serving the same to the address provided in Section 11, shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon the Company or the Guarantor, as the case may be, in any such action, suit or proceeding. Each of the Company and the Guarantor further agrees to take any and all action as may be necessary to maintain such designation and appointment of such agent in full force and effect for a period of seven years from the date of this Underwriting Agreement.
forum
non
conveniens
nd
SECTION 14. . To the extent that the Company or the Guarantor or any of their respective properties, assets or revenues may have or may hereafter become entitled to, or have attributed to them, any right of immunity, on the grounds of sovereignty, from any legal action, suit or proceeding, from set-off or counterclaim, from the jurisdiction of any court, from service of process, from attachment upon or prior to judgment, or from attachment in aid of execution of judgment, or from execution of judgment, other legal process or proceeding for the giving of any relief or for the enforcement of any judgment, in any jurisdiction in which proceedings may at any time be commenced, with respect to their obligations, liabilities or any other matter under or arising out of or in connection with this Underwriting Agreement or any additional agreement, each of the Company and the Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally, to the extent permitted by applicable law, waives and agrees not to plead or claim any such immunity and consents to such relief and enforcement.
Waiver of Immunities
SECTION 15. . The Company and the Guarantor jointly and severally agree to indemnify each Underwriter against any loss incurred by such Underwriter as a result of any judgment or order being given or made for any amount due hereunder and such judgment or order being expressed and paid in a currency (the "Judgment Currency") other than United States dollars and as a result of any variation as between (i) the rate of exchange at which the United States dollar amount is converted into the Judgment Currency for the purpose of such judgment or order, and (ii) the rate of exchange at which such Underwriter is able to purchase United States dollars with the amount of the Judgment Currency actually received by such Underwriter. The foregoing indemnity shall constitute a separate and independent obligation of each of the Company and the Guarantor and shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any such judgment or order as aforesaid. The term "rate of exchange" shall include any premiums and costs of exchange payable in connection with the purchase of, or conversion into, the relevant currency.
Judgment Currency
SECTION 16. . The Company and the Guarantor acknowledge and agree that (i) the purchase and issuance of the Underwritten Securities pursuant to this Agreement is an arm's-length commercial transaction between the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the several Underwriters, on the other, (ii) in connection therewith and with the process leading to such transaction each Underwriter is acting solely as a principal and not the agent or fiduciary of the Company or the Guarantor, (iii) no Underwriter has assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company or the
No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility
 
Guarantor with respect to the offering contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether such Underwriter has advised or is currently advising the Company or the Guarantor on other matters) or any other obligation to the Company or the Guarantor except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement and (iv) the Company and the Guarantor have consulted their own legal and financial advisors to the extent they deemed appropriate. The Company and the Guarantor agree that they will not claim that the Underwriters, or any of them, has rendered advisory services of any nature or respect, or owes a fiduciary or similar duty to the Company or the Guarantor, in connection with such transaction or the process leading thereto.
SECTION 17. . THIS UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT AND ANY APPLICABLE TERMS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. SPECIFIED TIMES OF DAY REFER TO NEW YORK CITY TIME.
GOVERNING LAW AND TIME
SECTION 18. . The Article and Section headings herein and the Table of Contents are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.
Effect of Headings
 
 
Exhibit A
[-]
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
We understand that ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware company (the "Company"), proposes to issue and sell $             aggregate principal amount of its [senior] [subordinated] debt securities (the "Underwritten Securities"), which will be unconditionally guaranteed as to payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest by ACE Limited, a Cayman Islands company. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth or incorporated by reference herein, the underwriter[s] named below (the "Underwriters") offer[s] to purchase [, severally and not jointly,] the principal amount of Underwritten Securities opposite [its] [their] name[s] set forth below at the purchase price set forth below.
 
The Underwritten Securities shall have the following terms:
Title:
Rank:
Ratings:
Aggregate principal amount:
Denominations:
Currency of payment:
Interest rate or formula:
Interest payment dates:
Regular record dates:
Stated maturity date:
Redemption provisions:
Sinking fund requirements:
Conversion or exchange provisions:
Guarantee Provisions:
Listing requirements:
Black-out provisions:
Fixed or Variable Price Offering: [Fixed] [Variable] Price Offering
If Fixed Price Offering, initial public offering price:     % of the principal amount, plus accrued interest [amortized original issue discount], if any, from .
                            
Purchase price: % of principal amount, plus accrued interest [amortized original issue discount], if any, from .
    
                            
Form:
Applicable Time:
Other terms and conditions:
Closing date and location:
Notices: Notice to the Underwriters shall be directed to the Representative(s) c/o:
 
All of the provisions contained in the document attached as Annex I hereto entitled "ACE INA HOLDINGS INC.Senior and Subordinated Debt Securities  Unconditionally Guaranteed
 
as to Payment of Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest by ACE LIMITEDUnderwriting Agreement" are hereby incorporated by reference in their entirety herein and shall be deemed to be a part of this Terms Agreement to the same extent as if such provisions had been set forth in full herein. Terms defined in such document are used herein as therein defined.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.
Please accept this offer no later than o'clock P.M. (New York City time) on by signing a copy of this Terms Agreement in the space set forth below and returning the signed copy to us.
    
            
 
 
 
 
Schedule I
Final Term Sheet dated [-] (attached hereto as Schedule II)
 
Schedule II
 
The issuer has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents the issuer has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer and this offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC Web site at . Alternatively, [REPRESENTATIVE(S)] can arrange to send you the prospectus if you request it by calling or e-mailing [ at 1-800-[] or []@[].
www.sec.gov
    ]
    
    
    
 
Exhibit B
(i) The Guarantor has been duly incorporated and is validly existing and in good standing as an exempted company, under the laws of the Cayman Islands, and has the corporate power and corporate authority to own, lease and operate its property, and to conduct its business, as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and to enter into and perform its obligations under, or as contemplated under, the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement.
(ii) The authorized share capital of the Guarantor, as set out in its Memorandum and Articles of Association, conforms as to legal matters to the description thereof contained in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. All of the Guarantor's Ordinary Shares have been duly and validly authorized and issued by the Guarantor and are registered in the books of the Guarantor as fully paid. On the basis that the contractual subscription price of all such Ordinary Shares is fully paid in cash (or equivalent consideration approved by the Directors), such Ordinary Shares issued may properly be credited as fully paid under Cayman Islands law and, as the Guarantor has been established on the basis that the liability of its shareholders is limited to the amount, if any, unpaid on their Ordinary Shares (see Clause 5 of the Memorandum and Articles of Association), there is no rule of Cayman Islands law that would impose any further liability on persons holding Ordinary Shares in the Guarantor, merely by reason of such shareholding. So far as Cayman Islands law is concerned, the registered holders have good and valid title to their respective Ordinary Shares on the assumption that they have not entered into any liens, encumbrances, equities or claims which could give rise to any equitable interest on the part of any third party in respect of such Ordinary Shares. The holders of Ordinary Shares are not subject to any pre-emptive rights under the laws of the Cayman Islands or the Guarantor's Memorandum and Articles of Association.
(iii) The Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Guarantor.
(iv) The Guarantee has been duly authorized and delivered by the Guarantor for issuance and sale pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement.
(v) Each applicable Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Guarantor.
(vi) The execution and delivery by the Guarantor of, and the performance by the Guarantor of its obligations under, the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement and each applicable Indenture and any other agreement or instrument
 
entered into or issued or to be entered into or issued by the Guarantor in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and the consummation by the Guarantor of the transactions contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement do not and will not (A) violate any provision of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Guarantor; (B) contravene any provision of any law, public rule or regulation of the Cayman Islands applicable to the Guarantor; (C) to the best of such counsel's knowledge, contravene any existing published order or decree of the courts of the Cayman Islands by which the Guarantor is bound or by which its properties or assets may be affected; or (D) require any consent, approval or authorization or order of, or qualification with, any Cayman Islands governmental agency in connection with the offer and sale of the Underwritten Securities and the Guarantee.
(vii) To the best of such counsel's knowledge, but based only upon a search of the cause list at the offices of the Grand Courts of the Cayman Islands, there was no action, suit or proceeding to which the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries is a party or to which the assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries is subject, before the courts of the Cayman Islands at the close of business on [specify a recent date].
(viii) All statements made in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus with regard to statutes, regulations, rules, treaties and other laws of the Cayman Islands (including, but not limited to, insurance, regulatory and tax matters and the Companies Law (2002 Revision) of the Cayman Islands) and enforcement of judgments in the Cayman Islands are accurate.
(ix) Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, and to the extent that the laws of the Cayman Islands are relevant, the Guarantor has legally, validly, effectively and irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of the United States Federal and New York State courts sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York, State of New York, and has legally, validly and effectively appointed ACE USA, Inc. as the authorized agent of the Guarantor for the purposes described in Section 13 of the Underwriting Agreement assuming this to be the case as a matter of the applicable United States Federal and New York State laws.
(x) The choice of the laws of the State of New York, United States of America as the governing law of the Underwriting Agreement is a valid and effective choice of law and in an action brought before a court of competent jurisdiction in the Cayman Islands, the laws of the State of New York would, to the extent specifically pleaded and proved as a fact by expert evidence, be recognized and applied by such court to all issues concerning the formal and essential validity of each of the Underwriting Agreement and the Indenture and the interpretation thereof, except that in any such action such court will apply those laws of the Cayman Islands as such court characterizes as procedural, and will not apply those laws of the State of New York as such court characterizes as procedural.
(xi) Although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of a
 
judgment obtained in New York, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided such judgment is final, for a liquidated sum, not in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, and was not obtained in a manner and is not of a kind the enforcement of which is contrary to the public policy of the Cayman Islands. A Cayman Islands court may stay proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. For the purposes of enforcement of a judgment granted against the Guarantor in respect of the Underwriting Agreement or the Indenture, a court in the Cayman Islands would recognize the jurisdiction of the applicable federal or state court to the jurisdiction of which the Guarantor has submitted rendering such judgment if service of process on the Guarantor is effected pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of the Underwriting Agreement.
(xii) On the basis that the Guarantor carries on its business as set forth in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there is no requirement that it be licensed under the Insurance Law, 1979, as amended, of the Cayman Islands.
In rendering such opinion, such counsel may rely (A) as to matters involving the application of laws other than the laws of the Cayman Islands, to the extent such counsel deems proper and specified in such opinion, upon the opinion of other counsel whom such counsel believes to be reliable (which opinion shall be dated and furnished to the Representative(s) at the Closing Time, shall be satisfactory in form and substance to counsel for the Underwriters and shall expressly state that the Underwriters may rely on such opinion as if it were addressed to them), provided that such counsel shall state in their opinion that they believe that they and the Underwriters are justified in relying upon such opinion, and (B) as to matters of fact (but not as to legal conclusions), to the extent such counsel deems proper, on certificates of responsible officers of the Guarantor, its subsidiaries and public officials.
 
Exhibit C
(i) Each of ACE Bermuda Insurance Ltd., Corporate Officers and Directors Assurance Ltd., ACE Tempest Reinsurance Ltd., ACE Tempest Life Reinsurance Ltd. and ACE INA Overseas Insurance Company Ltd. (collectively, the "Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries") (A) is validly existing under the laws of Bermuda as a company with limited liability and is in good standing under the laws of Bermuda (meaning that such company has not failed to make any filing with any Bermuda government authority or to pay any Bermuda government fee or tax, the failure of which would make such company immediately liable to be struck off the Register of Companies and thereby cease to exist under the laws of Bermuda) and (B) the corporate objects and powers contained in the Memorandum of Association of each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries are sufficient to allow them to carry on their business and to own, lease and operate its properties as both are described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.
(ii) Based solely upon a certified copy of the Register of Members for each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries, and without further inquiry, (a) all of the issued shares in the share capital of each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries have been duly and validly authorized and issued and are fully paid and nonassessable (meaning that no further sums are required to be paid by the holders thereof in connection with the issue of such shares); and (b) the Guarantor is the direct or indirect registered holder of all the issued shares of each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries; and (c) based solely upon the Register of Charges, and without further inquiry, there are no registered liens, encumbrances, equities or claims in the Register of Charges in respect of those shares.
(iii) Each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries is duly registered as an insurer under the Insurance Act of 1978 (Bermuda) and the regulations promulgated thereunder (together, the "Insurance Act") and as so registered, each Bermuda Insurance Subsidiary may conduct that insurance business which it is described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus as carrying on; and, based solely on the Certificates of Compliance and without independent inquiry, each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries has filed with the appropriate Bermuda governmental authority all reports, documents or other information required to be filed under the Insurance Act.
(iv) The execution and delivery by the Guarantor of, and the performance by the Guarantor of its obligations under, the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement and each applicable Indenture and any other agreement or instrument entered into or issued or to be entered into or issued by the Guarantor in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and the consummation by the Guarantor of the transactions contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement do not and will not (A) violate any provision of the Memorandum of Association or Bye-laws of each of the Bermuda Insurance
 
Subsidiaries; (B) contravene any provision of any of those laws, rules and regulations of Bermuda which, in such counsel's opinion, based upon such counsel's experience, are normally applicable to transactions of the type contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement, except that such counsel need not express any opinion in this paragraph with respect to Bermuda securities laws; (C) based solely upon the Cause Book and without further inquiry, contravene any judgment, order or decree by the Bermuda Supreme Court against the Guarantor or any of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries; (D) based solely upon the Register of Charges and without further inquiry, conflict with, result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, or give rise to any right to accelerate the maturity or require the prepayment of any registered charge recorded in the Register of Charges against the Guarantor or any of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries; or (E) require any consent, approval or authorization or order of, or qualification with any Bermuda governmental agency, except such as have been obtained under the applicable securities laws of Bermuda in connection with the offer and sale of the Underwritten Securities.
(v) Based solely upon the Cause Book and without further inquiry, there is no action, suit or proceeding now pending before the Bermuda Supreme Court to which the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries is a party or to which the assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries is subject, other than certain actions set out in the opinion.
(vi) All statements (but excluding those statements forming a part of financial information or accounts) made in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and Prospectus with respect to statutes, regulations, rules, treaties and other laws of Bermuda (including, but not limited to, statements made with respect to the Insurance Act and Bermuda tax matters) are accurate in all material respects.
(vii) The choice of the law of the State of New York as the governing law of the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Indenture is a valid choice of law and would be recognized and given effect to in any action brought before a court of competent jurisdiction in Bermuda, except for those laws (A) that such court considers to be procedural in nature, (B) that are revenue or penal laws or (C) the application of which would be inconsistent with public policy, as such term is interpreted under the laws of Bermuda.
(viii) The courts of Bermuda would recognize as a valid judgment, a final and conclusive judgment in personam obtained in the courts of the State of New York and of the United States of America against the Guarantor based upon the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Indenture under which a sum of money is payable (other than a sum of money payable in respect of multiple damages, taxes or other charges of a like nature or in respect of a fine or other penalty) and would give a judgment based thereon provided that (A) such courts had proper jurisdiction over the parties subject to such judgment, (B) such courts did not contravene the rules of natural justice of Bermuda, (C) such judgment was not obtained by fraud, (D) the enforcement of the judgment would not be contrary to the public policy of Bermuda, (E) no new admissible
 
evidence relevant to the action is submitted prior to the rendering of the judgment by the courts of Bermuda and (F) there is due compliance with the correct procedures under the laws of Bermuda.
In rendering such opinion, such counsel may rely (A) as to matters involving the application of laws other than the laws of Bermuda, to the extent such counsel deems proper and specified in such opinion, upon the opinion of other counsel whom such counsel believes to be reliable (which opinion shall be dated and furnished to the Representative(s) at the Closing Time, shall be satisfactory in form and substance to counsel for the Underwriters and shall expressly state that the Underwriters may rely on such opinion as if it were addressed to them), provided that such counsel shall state in their opinion that they believe that they and the Underwriters are justified in relying upon such opinion, and (B) as to matters of fact (but not as to legal conclusions), to the extent such counsel deems proper, on certificates of responsible officers of the Guarantor, its subsidiaries and public officials.
 
Exhibit D
(i) The Guarantor is qualified to do business, and is in good standing, as a foreign corporation, under the laws of each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or its ownership or leasing of property requires such qualification, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or to be in good standing would not singly or in the aggregate result in a Material Adverse Change.
(ii) Each "significant subsidiary" of the Company (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated under the 1933 Act) and the Company is qualified to transact business and is in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions which recognize such concept) in each jurisdiction in which it owns or leases real property or in which the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified or to be in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions which recognize such concept) would not singly or in the aggregate result in a Material Adverse Change;
(iii) Except as set forth in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, such counsel does not know of any outstanding (A) securities or obligations of the Guarantor convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries; (B) rights, warrants or options to acquire or purchase from the Guarantor any shares of capital stock of the Guarantor or any such convertible or exchangeable securities or obligations; or (C) obligations or understandings of the Guarantor to issue or sell any shares of capital stock of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries, any such convertible or exchangeable securities or obligations, or any such warrants, rights or obligations.
(iv) To the best of such counsel's knowledge, and other than as disclosed in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no threatened legal proceedings against the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries that, if determined adversely to the Guarantor or such subsidiary, would result in a Material Adverse Change.
In rendering such opinion, such counsel may rely as to matters of fact (but not as to legal conclusions), to the extent such counsel deems proper, on certificates of responsible officers of the Company, the Guarantor, their respective subsidiaries and public officials.
 
Exhibit E
(i) Each of the Company and ACE USA, Inc. is duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.
(ii) The execution and delivery by the Company of, and the performance by the Company of its obligations under, the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement and the [each] applicable [Indenture] and any other agreement or instrument entered into or issued or to be entered into or issued by the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement do not and will not (A) contravene any provision of any United States federal or New York State law, rule or regulation, in each case which, in such counsel's opinion, based on such counsel's experience, are normally applicable to transactions of the type contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement ("United States Applicable Laws"), except that such counsel need not express any opinion in this paragraph with respect to state securities laws; (B) contravene any judgment, order or decree known to such counsel without independent inquiry of any United States federal or New York State court or governmental agency or body having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its subsidiaries or by which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is bound or by which their properties or assets may be affected; (C) conflict with, result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, or give rise to any right to accelerate the maturity or require the prepayment of any indebtedness or the purchase of any capital stock under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any properties or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, pursuant to the terms of, any agreement or instrument filed as an exhibit to the Guarantor's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K or any agreement or instrument otherwise known to such counsel to which the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to which any of the assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is subject, or the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Company or ACE USA, except for such conflicts, breaches, violations, defaults, accelerations, repayments, repurchases, liens, charges or encumbrances that would not singly or in the aggregate result in a Material Adverse Change; or (D) based upon such counsel's review of the United States Applicable Laws, require any consent, approval or authorization or order of, or qualification with, any United States federal or state governmental agency or authority or court, except such as have been obtained under the 1933 Act, the 1933 Act Regulations, the 1939 Act and the 1939 Act Regulations and such as may be required under state securities or blue sky laws or state insurance laws in connection with the offer and sale of the Underwritten Securities.
 
(iii) The Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company.
(iv) The Underwritten Securities have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company for issuance and sale pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement.
(v) The Underwritten Securities, when issued and authenticated in the manner provided for in the applicable Indenture and delivered against payment of the consideration therefor specified in such Terms Agreement, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), and except further as enforcement thereof may be limited by requirements that a claim with respect to any Debt Securities payable in a foreign or corporate currency (or a foreign or composite currency judgment in respect of such claim) be converted into U.S. dollars at a rate of exchange prevailing on a date determined pursuant to applicable law or by governmental authority to limit, delay or prohibit the making of payments outside the United States. The Underwritten Securities are in the form contemplated by, and each registered holder thereof is entitled to the benefits of, the [each] applicable Indenture.
(vi) Assuming the Guarantee has been duly authorized by the Guarantor for issuance and sale pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement, the Guarantee, when issued and delivered to the Underwriters in accordance with the provisions of the Underwriting Agreement, will constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor enforceable against the Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).
(vii) The [each] applicable Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and the Guarantor and (assuming the Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Guarantor and the applicable Trustee), the [each] applicable Indenture constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Company and the Guarantor, enforceable against the Company and the Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).
(viii) The Underwritten Securities, the Guarantee and the [each] applicable Indenture conform in all material respects to the statements relating thereto contained in
 
each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and are in substantially the form filed or incorporated by reference, as the case may be, as an exhibit to the Registration Statement.
(ix) Such counsel does not know, after inquiry of officers of the Company and the Guarantor and based solely on such inquiry, of any action, suit or proceeding before or by any United States federal or state government, governmental instrumentality or court now pending or threatened against or affecting the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) or any of their respective assets or properties that is required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus and is not so described or of any contract or other document that is required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or to be filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, that is not described or filed, as required.
(x) The statements in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus insofar as they are descriptions of contracts, agreements, instruments or the Company's Certificate of Incorporation or legal proceedings, or constitute statements or summaries of United States federal or New York State laws or legal conclusions with respect thereto, are accurate and present fairly the information required to be shown.
(xi) The discussion of tax matters set forth under the heading "Certain Tax Consequences" in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus contains the relevant and material provisions of present United States tax law applicable to the Underwritten Securities and the Guarantee and the statements thereunder are true and correct (subject to the qualifications and assumptions set forth in such discussion) as of the Closing Date.
(xii) The Registration Statement, including without limitation the Rule 430B Information, and the Prospectus, excluding the documents incorporated by reference therein, and each amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, excluding the documents incorporated by reference therein, as of their respective effective or issue dates (including without limitation each deemed effective date with respect to the Underwriters pursuant to Rule 430B(f)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations), other than the financial statements and supporting schedules and other financial data included therein or omitted therefrom, complied as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and the 1939 Act and the 1939 Act Regulations.
(xiii) The documents incorporated by reference in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (other than the financial statements and supporting schedules and other financial data included therein or omitted therefrom, as to which such counsel need express no opinion), when they became effective or were filed with the Commission, as the case may be, complied as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act, as applicable, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder.
(xiv) The [each] applicable Indenture has been duly qualified under the 1939 Act.
 
(xv) The Underwritten Securities, upon issuance, will be excluded or exempted under, or beyond the purview of, the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the "Commodity Exchange Act"), and the rules and regulations of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the Commodity Exchange Act (the "Commodity Exchange Act Regulations").
(xvi) The Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities as herein contemplated and the application of the net proceeds therefrom as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus will not be, an "investment company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act").
Such counsel shall also state that it has been advised by the Commission that the Registration Statement has become effective under the 1933 Act; that any required filings of each prospectus (including the Prospectus) pursuant to Rule 424(b) have been made in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) (without reference to Rule 424(b)(8)); any required filing of each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus pursuant to Rule 433 has been made in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 433(d); that, based solely on conversations with the Commission, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings for the purpose have been instituted, are pending or, to such counsel's knowledge, are contemplated under the 1933 Act; and that, to the best of such counsel's knowledge, neither the Company nor the Guarantor has received from the Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the 1933 Act objecting to the uses of the automatic shelf registration form, the Registration Statement is not the subject of a pending proceeding or examination under Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the 1933 Act and neither the Company nor the Guarantor is the subject of a pending proceeding under Section 8A of the 1933 Act in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities.
Such counsel shall also state that they have examined various documents and participated in conferences with representatives of the Company and the Guarantor and their accountants and with representatives of the Representative(s) and their counsel at which times the contents of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and related matters were discussed, and that, although they are not passing upon and assume no responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or fairness of the statements contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or making any representation that they have independently verified or checked the accuracy, completeness or fairness of such statements, except as set forth above, no facts have come to such counsel's attention that cause such counsel to believe that (i) the Registration Statement, at the most recent date with respect to the Underwriters pursuant to Rule 430B(f)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; (ii) the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, at the date of the Prospectus, at the date of any such amendment or supplement or at the Closing Time, included or includes any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or omits to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; or (iii) the Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time, included any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted
 
to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (such counsel need not express a belief with respect to the financial statements and supporting schedules and other financial data included in or omitted from the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto).
In rendering such opinion, such counsel may rely (A) as to matters involving the application of laws other than the laws of the State of New York, the corporate laws of the State of Delaware or the federal laws of the United States of America, to the extent such counsel deems proper and specified in such opinion, upon the opinion of other counsel whom such counsel believes to be reliable (which opinion shall be dated and furnished to the Representative(s) at the Closing Time, shall be satisfactory in form and substance to counsel for the Underwriters and shall expressly state that the Underwriters may rely on such opinion as if it were addressed to them), provided that such counsel shall state in their opinion that they believe that they and the Underwriters are justified in relying upon such opinion, and (B) as to matters of fact (but not as to legal conclusions), to the extent such counsel deems proper, on certificates of responsible officers of the Company, its subsidiaries and public officials.
 

Exhibit 1.2
February 7, 2008
 
436 Walnut Street, WB12B
Philadelphia, PA 19106
ACE LIMITED
ACE Global Headquarters
17 Woodbourne Avenue
Hamilton HM 08, Bermuda
Ladies and Gentlemen:
We understand that ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware company (the "Company"), proposes to issue and sell $300,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its senior debt securities (the "Underwritten Securities"), which will be unconditionally guaranteed as to payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest by ACE Limited, a Cayman Islands company. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth or incorporated by reference herein, the underwriters named below (the "Underwriters") offer to purchase, severally and not jointly, the principal amount of Underwritten Securities opposite their names set forth below at the purchase price set forth below.
The Underwritten Securities shall have the following terms:
 
 
Notices: Notice to the Underwriters shall be directed to the Representative(s) c/o:
Banc of America Securities LLC
Attention: High Grade Transaction Management/Legal
9 West 57
th
Street
NY1-040-27-03
New York, New York 10019
All of the provisions contained in the document attached as Annex I hereto entitled "ACE INA HOLDINGS INC.Senior and Subordinated Debt Securities  Unconditionally Guaranteed as to Payment of Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest by ACE LIMITED Underwriting Agreement" are hereby incorporated by reference in their entirety herein and shall be deemed to be a part of this Terms Agreement to the same extent as if such provisions had been set forth in full herein. Terms defined in such document are used herein as therein defined.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.
 
Please accept this offer no later than 8 o'clock P.M. (New York City time) on February 7, 2008 by signing a copy of this Terms Agreement in the space set forth below and returning the signed copy to us.
 
 
 
Schedule I
Final Term Sheet dated February 7, 2008 (attached hereto as Schedule II)
 
Schedule II
 
The issuer and the guarantor have filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents the issuer and the guarantor have filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer, the guarantor and this offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC Web site at . Alternatively, the issuer, any underwriter or any dealer participating in the offering will arrange to send you the prospectus if you request it by calling Banc of America Securities LLC toll-free at 1-800-294-1322 or you may e-mail a request to dg.prospectus_distribution@bofasecurities.com.
www.sec.gov
Any disclaimers or other notices that may appear below are not applicable to this communication and should be disregarded. Such disclaimers or other notices were automatically generated as a result of this communication being sent via Bloomberg or another email system.
 

Exhibit 4.1
THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITORY (AS DEFINED IN THE INDENTURE) OR A NOMINEE THEREOF. THIS GLOBAL SECURITY IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR SECURITIES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITORY OR ITS NOMINEE ONLY IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE AND, UNLESS AND UNTIL IT IS EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR SECURITIES IN DEFINITIVE FORM, THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITORY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY, OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY TO THE DEPOSITORY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY, OR BY THE DEPOSITORY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITORY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR DEPOSITORY.
UNLESS THIS SECURITY IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION ("DTC"), TO THE COMPANY (AS DEFINED BELOW) OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY SECURITY ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC) ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.
 
ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter called the "Company", which term includes any successor corporation under the Indenture referred to below), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns, the principal sum of Three Hundred Million Dollars ($300,000,000) on March 15, 2018 and to pay interest thereon from February 14, 2008 or from the most recent interest payment date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, payable semi-annually on March 15 and September 15 in each year (each, an "Interest Payment Date"), commencing September 15, 2008, at the rate of 5.80% per annum, until the principal hereof (and any Additional Amounts (as defined below)) is paid or duly made available for payment. Interest on this Note shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. If any Interest Payment Date or the maturity date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the required payment shall be made on the next Business Day as if it were
 
made on the date such payment was due and no interest shall accrue on the amount so payable for the period from and after such Interest Payment Date or the maturity date, as the case may be, to such next Business Day. The interest so payable and punctually paid or duly provided for on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in such Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Note (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the regular record date for such interest, which shall be March 1 or September 1 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, next preceding such Interest Payment Date. Any such interest which is payable, but is not punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date shall forthwith cease to be payable to the registered Holder hereof on the relevant regular record date by virtue of having been such Holder, and may be paid to the Person in whose name this Note (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on a subsequent special record date (which shall be at least 10 days before the payment date) for the payment of such defaulted interest to be fixed by the Company, notice whereof shall be given to the Holders of Notes of this series not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date, or may be paid at any time in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which the Notes may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided in such Indenture. Any interest paid on this Note shall be increased to the extent necessary to pay Additional Amounts as set forth in this Note.
Payment of the principal of, interest on or any Redemption Price or Additional Amounts in respect of this Note will be made at the office or agency of the Company and the Guarantor (as defined below) maintained for that purpose in The Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts; provided, however, that, at the option of the Company or the Guarantor, interest may be paid by check mailed to the address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Security Register; provided, further, that payment to DTC or any successor Depository may be made by wire transfer to the account designated by DTC or such successor depository in writing.
This Note is one of a duly authorized issuance of securities of the Company (herein called the "Notes"), fully and unconditionally guaranteed as to payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest by ACE Limited, a Cayman Islands company (the "Guarantor"), issued and to be issued in one or more series under an Indenture, dated as of August 1, 1999 (herein called, together with all indentures supplemental thereto, the "Indenture"), among the Company, the Guarantor and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association and The First National Bank of Chicago), as Trustee (herein called the "Trustee", which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), to which the Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto referenced is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Guarantor, the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes, and of the terms upon which the Notes are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. This Note is one of the series designated on the face hereof, initially limited (subject to exceptions provided in the Indenture) to the aggregate principal amount specified in the Officer's Certificate, dated February 14, 2008, establishing the terms of the Notes pursuant to the Indenture.
 
The Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company. The Company's obligation to pay the principal of, interest on or any Additional Amounts in respect of the Notes is unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Guarantor pursuant to Article 16 of the Indenture.
If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes shall occur and be continuing, the principal of the Notes may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture.
The Indenture contains provisions permitting, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Company or the Guarantor and the rights of the Holders of the Securities of each series issued under the Indenture at any time by the Company, the Guarantor and the Trustee with the written consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Securities at the time Outstanding of each series affected thereby. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified percentages in aggregate principal amount of the Securities of any series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Company or the Guarantor with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Note shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Notes issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note.
This Note is not subject to any sinking fund.
No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of, interest on or any Redemption Price or any Additional Amounts in respect of this Note, at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein and in the Indenture prescribed.
As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations set forth therein and in this Note, the transfer of this Note may be registered on the Security Register upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Company and the Guarantor maintained for that purpose in any place where the principal of, interest on or any Additional Amounts in respect of this Note are payable, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly executed by, the Holder hereof or by his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Notes of this series and of like tenor, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees.
The Notes are issuable only in registered form without coupons in the denominations specified in the Officer's Certificate, dated February 14, 2008, establishing the terms of the Notes, all as more fully provided in the Indenture and such Officer's Certificate. As provided in the Indenture and in such Officer's Certificate, and subject to certain limitations set forth in the Indenture, such Officer's Certificate and in this Note, the Notes are exchangeable for a like
 
aggregate principal amount of Notes of this series in different authorized denominations, as requested by the Holders surrendering the same.
No service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith, other than in certain cases provided in the Indenture.
Prior to due presentment of this Note for registration of transfer, the Company, the Guarantor, the Trustee and any agent of the Company, the Guarantor or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Note is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Note be overdue, and neither the Company, the Guarantor, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.
The Notes are redeemable as a whole or in part, at the Company's option at any time, at a Redemption Price equal to the greater of (i) 100 percent of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed or (ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon (excluding interest accrued to the Redemption Date) and discounted to Redemption Date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the applicable Treasury Rate plus 35 basis points, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount being redeemed to the Redemption Date.
"Treasury Rate" means, with respect to any Redemption Date, (1) the yield, under the heading which represents the average for the immediately preceding week, appearing in the most recently published statistical release designated "H.15(519)" or any successor publication which is published weekly by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and which establishes yields on actively traded United States Treasury securities adjusted to constant maturity under the caption "Treasury Constant Maturities," for the maturity corresponding to the Comparable Treasury Issue (if no maturity is within three months before or after the Remaining Life, yields for the two published maturities most closely corresponding to the Comparable Treasury Issue will be determined and the Treasury Rate will be interpolated or extrapolated from such yields on a straight line basis, rounding to the nearest month) or (2) if such release (or any successor release) is not published during the week preceding the calculation date or does not contain such yields, the rate per year equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield-to-maturity of the Comparable Treasury Issue, calculated using a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Treasury Price for such Redemption Date. The Treasury Rate will be calculated on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date.
"Business Day" means any calendar day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday in New York, New York, and on which commercial banks are open for business in New York, New York.
"Comparable Treasury Issue" means the United States Treasury security selected by an Independent Investment Banker as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the notes to be redeemed.
 
"Comparable Treasury Price" means (1) the average of four Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such Redemption Date, after excluding the highest and lowest Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (2) if the Independent Investment Banker obtains fewer than four such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all such quotations.
"Independent Investment Banker" means Banc of America Securities LLC and its respective successors, or, if the firm is unwilling or unable to select the Comparable Treasury Issue, an independent investment banking institution of national standing appointed by the Company.
"Reference Treasury Dealer" means each of (1) Banc of America Securities LLC and its respective successors; provided, however, that if the foregoing shall cease to be a primary U.S. Government securities dealer in New York City, which we refer to as a "Primary Treasury Dealer," the Company will substitute another Primary Treasury Dealer and (2) any two other Primary Treasury Dealers selected by the Independent Investment Banker after consultation with the Company.
"Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer and Redemption Date, the average, as determined by the Independent Investment Banker, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Independent Investment Banker at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the third Business Day preceding such Redemption Date.
All payments on this Note will be made without withholding of any present or future taxes or governmental charges of the jurisdiction of the Company's organization or principal executive offices (each, a "Taxing Jurisdiction"), unless the Company is required to do so by applicable law or regulation.
If the Company is required to withhold amounts, it will, subject to the limitations described below, pay to the Holder of this Note additional amounts so that every net payment made to the Holder of this Note, after the withholding, will be the same amount provided for in this Note and the Indenture ("Additional Amounts").
The Company will not be required to pay any Additional Amounts for (1) any tax or governmental charge which would not have been imposed but for the fact that the Holder of this Note: (a) was a resident of, or engaged in business or maintained a permanent establishment or was physically present in, the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction or otherwise had some connection with the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction other than the mere ownership of, or receipt of payment on, this Note, (b) presented this Note for payment in the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction, unless this Note could not have been presented for payment elsewhere, or (c) presented this Note for payment more than 30 days after the date on which the payment became due unless the Holder of this Note would have been entitled to these Additional Amounts if the Holder of this Note had presented this Note for payment within the 30-day period; (2) any estate, inheritance, gift, sale, transfer, personal property or similar tax or other governmental charge; (3) any tax or other governmental charge that is imposed or withheld because of failure by the Holder of this Note to comply with any reasonable request by the Company: (a) to provide information concerning the nationality, residence or identity of the Holder of this Note or that of the beneficial owner of this
 
Note; or (b) to make any claim or satisfy any information or reporting requirement, which in either case is required by the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction as a precondition to exemption from all or part of the tax or other governmental charge; or (4) any combination of items (1), (2) or (3) above.
The Company will not pay Additional Amounts if the Holder of this Note is a fiduciary or partnership or other than the sole beneficial owner of this Note if the beneficiary or partner or settlor would not have been entitled to the Additional Amounts had it been the holder of this Note.
The Company will be entitled to redeem this Note, at its option, at any time as a whole but not in part, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice, at 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest (if any) to the Redemption Date (subject to the right of holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant Interest Payment Date), in the event that the Company or the Guarantor has become or would become obligated to pay, on the next date on which any amount would be payable with respect to this Note, any Additional Amounts as a result of: (1) a change in or an amendment to the laws (including any regulations promulgated thereunder) of a Taxing Jurisdiction, which change or amendment is announced after February 7, 2008; or (2) any change in or amendment to any official position regarding the application or interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment is announced after February 7, 2008, and, in each case, the Company or the Guarantor, as applicable, cannot avoid such obligation by taking reasonable measures available to it.
The Indenture contains provisions whereby (i) the Company and the Guarantor may be discharged from their obligations with respect to the Notes (subject to certain exceptions) or (ii) the Company and the Guarantor may be released from their obligations under specified covenants and agreements in the Indenture, in each case if the Company or the Guarantor irrevocably deposits with the Trustee money or Government Obligations, or a combination thereof, in an amount sufficient, without consideration of any reinvestment, to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness on all Notes of this series, and satisfies certain other conditions, all as more fully provided in the Indenture.
This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements and instruments made and to be performed wholly within such State.
All terms used in this Note without definition that are defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.
 
Unless the Certificate of Authentication hereon has been executed by or on behalf of the Trustee under the Indenture by the manual signature of one of its authorized officers, this Note shall not be entitled to any benefits under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed under its corporate seal.
 
This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.
Dated: February 14, 2008
 
 
 
The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription on the face of this instrument, shall be construed as though they were written out in full according to applicable laws or regulations:
 
 
 
 
Additional abbreviations may also be used though not in the above list.
 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned registered holder hereby sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) unto
[PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE]
[PLEASE PRINT OR TYPEWRITE NAME AND ADDRESS OF ASSIGNEE]
the within Note and all rights thereunder, hereby irrevocably constituting and appointing ______________________ _______________________________________________________________________________ to transfer said Note on the books of the Company with full power of substitution in the premises.
 
Dated: _____________________________
Signature: __________________________
 
 
Signatures must be guaranteed by an "eligible guarantor institution" meeting the requirements of the Trustee, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program ("STAMP") or such other "signature guarantee program" as may be determined by the Trustee in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
 

Exhibit 5.1
MAPLES
Our ref        GWG/011166/13646319v1
Your ref
 
13 February 2008
Dear Sirs
ACE Limited
We have acted as Cayman Islands legal advisers to ACE Limited (the "") in connection with the Company's registration statement on Form S-3, including all amendments or supplements thereto (the ""), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, relating, to the offering and sale, inter alia, of debt securities of ACE INA Holdings Inc. ("") guaranteed by the Company, in one or more offerings up to an aggregate initial offering price of US$1,500,000,000 and in connection with the offer and sale by ACE INA of $300,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.80% Senior Notes due 2018 (the "") fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company.
Company
Registration Statement
ACE INA
Notes
We are furnishing this opinion as Exhibit 5.1 to the Registration Statement.
 
For the purposes of this opinion, we have reviewed only originals, copies or final drafts of the following documents:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The following opinion is given only as to, and based on, circumstances and matters of fact existing and known to us on the date of this opinion. This opinion only relates to the laws of the Cayman Islands which are in force on the date of this opinion. In giving this opinion we have relied (without further verification) upon the completeness and accuracy of the Officer's Certificate and the Certificate of Good Standing. We have also relied upon the following assumptions, which we have not independently verified:
 
 
 
 
 
 
Based upon, and subject to, the foregoing assumptions and the qualifications set out below, and having regard to such legal considerations as we deem relevant, we are of the opinion that:
 
 
 
 
Except as specifically stated herein, we make no comment with respect to any representations and warranties which may be made by or with respect to the Company in any of the documents or instruments cited in this opinion or otherwise with respect to the commercial terms of the transactions the subject of this opinion.
We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference of this opinion as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. In the giving our consent, we do not thereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Act or the Rules and Regulations of the Commission thereunder.
Yours faithfully,
Maples and Calder
 
13 February 2008
 
Dear Sirs
ACE Limited (the "")
Company
I,                             , being an officer of the Company, am aware that you are being asked to provide a legal opinion (the "") in relation to certain aspects of Cayman Islands law. Capitalised terms used in this certificate have the meaning given to them in the Opinion. I hereby certify that:
Opinion
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
I confirm that you may continue to rely on this Certificate as being true and correct on the day that you issue the Opinion unless I shall have previously notified you personally to the contrary.
 
 

Exhibit 5.2
Mayer Brown LLP
71 South Wacker Drive
Chicago, Illinois 60606-4637
Main Tel (312) 782-0600
Main Fax (312) 701-7711
www.mayerbrown.com
 
 
ACE INA Holdings Inc.
Registration Statement on Form S-3
Dear Ladies and Gentlemen:
We have represented ACE Limited ("ACE"), a Cayman Islands company limited by shares, and ACE INA Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("ACE INA") in connection (i) with the preparation and filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, of a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (the "Registration Statement") relating to, among other things ACE INA's Debt Securities, which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed (the "Guarantee") by ACE and (ii) the offer and sale of $300,000,000 aggregate principal amount of ACE INA's 5.80% Senior Notes due 2018 (the "Notes").
In rendering the opinions expressed herein, we have examined (i) the Indenture, dated as of August 1, 1999 (the "Indenture"), among ACE, ACE INA and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association and The First National Bank of Chicago), as trustee (the "Trustee"); (ii) the Notes and (iii) the Guarantee.
In addition, we have examined such other documents, certificates and opinions, and have made such further investigation as we have deemed necessary or appropriate for the purposes of the opinions expressed below. In expressing the opinions set forth below, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the conformity to the originals of all documents reviewed by us as copies, the authenticity and completeness of all original documents reviewed by us in original or copy form and the legal competence of each individual executing any document. As to all parties other than ACE INA, we have assumed the due authorization, execution and delivery of all documents, and, with respect to all parties other than ACE INA and ACE, we have assumed the validity and enforceability of all documents against all parties thereto, other than the ACE INA and ACE, in accordance with their respective terms.
Mayer Brown LLP
February 13, 2008
Page 2
As to questions of fact material to our opinions (but not as to legal conclusions), we have, to the extent we deemed such reliance appropriate, relied upon certificates and other statements of officers of ACE INA and ACE and of public officials issued with respect to ACE INA and ACE.
Based upon and subject to the foregoing, and having regard for legal considerations which we deem relevant, we are of the opinion that:
(i) ACE INA is duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware;
(ii) The Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by ACE INA and (assuming the Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by ACE and the Trustee), the Indenture constitutes a valid and binding agreement of ACE INA and ACE, enforceable against ACE INA and ACE in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law);
(iii) The Notes have been duly authorized and executed by ACE INA and, assuming the due authentication thereof in the manner provided for in the Indenture and delivery against payment of the consideration therefor, constitute valid and binding obligations of ACE INA, enforceable against ACE INA in accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law);
(iv) Assuming the Guarantee has been duly authorized by ACE under Cayman Islands law, the Guarantee constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of ACE enforceable against ACE in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law);
We are admitted to practice in the States of Illinois and New York and our opinions expressed herein are limited solely to the Federal laws of the United States of America and the laws of the States of Illinois and New York, and we express no opinion herein concerning the laws of any other jurisdiction.
Mayer Brown LLP
February 13, 2008
Page 3
The opinions and statements expressed herein are as of the date hereof. We assume no obligation to update or supplement this opinion letter to reflect any facts or circumstances that may hereafter come to our attention or any changes in applicable law which may hereafter occur.
We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the Registration Statement and to all references to this firm in such Registration Statement.
 
ESB:AET


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20080320163916.txt.gz
TIME:20080320163916
EVENTS:	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Company issued a press release on March 19, 2008 announcing that its board of directors has approved a re-domestication of the Company to move its place of incorporation from the Cayman Islands to Zurich, Switzerland. ACE's shareholders will be asked to vote in favor of the proposal at ACE's Annual General Meeting, which will be scheduled for July in Hamilton, Bermuda. If approved by ACE's shareholders, and subject to certain regulatory approvals, ACE expects the re-domestication to be effective in July 2008. In connection with the re-domestication, ACE plans to establish a corporate holding company office in Zurich.
A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
HAMILTON, Bermuda  March 19, 2008  ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) announced today that its board of directors has approved a re-domestication of the Company to move its place of incorporation from the Cayman Islands to Zurich, Switzerland. ACE's shareholders will be asked to vote in favor of the proposal at ACE's Annual General Meeting, which will be scheduled for July in Hamilton, Bermuda. If approved by ACE's shareholders, and subject to certain regulatory approvals, ACE expects the re-domestication to be effective in July 2008. In connection with the re-domestication, ACE plans to establish a corporate holding company office in Zurich.
Following the re-domestication, the ACE Group of Companies will continue to operate as they do currently. ACE Limited will continue to maintain executive offices in Bermuda, and ACE Group Holdings will continue to maintain executive offices in New York. The Company's Bermuda insurance and reinsurance operations will continue to operate without material changes. ACE will continue to be registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and its common shares will continue to trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol "ACE."
"This move is part of the natural evolution of ACE from its beginning over two decades ago as a monoline excess insurer owned by its policyholders to a global publicly-traded insurance company operating throughout the developed and developing world," said
Evan G. Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited. "Our incorporation in a major financial center, home to many global financial and insurance companies, will provide an improved corporate structure and an excellent location for further growth and expansion of our Company. We believe that this change in our corporate residency will provide us with better strategic flexibility, a solid legal and regulatory environment, and improved ability to manage our capital and our businesses. Switzerland also affords us the security of a network of tax treaties. At the same time, we intend to maintain the ACE Group's operations in Bermuda, where we have conducted business since the inception of the Company."
ACE does not expect the re-domestication to have any material adverse short-term or long-term impact on our financial results. Full details of the transactions, and the associated benefits and risks, will be provided in the Company's proxy statement with respect to its 2008 Annual General Meeting.
The Company will host a conference call and webcast on Thursday, March 20, beginning at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time to discuss the re-domestication. The conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 888-240-9352 (within the United States) or 913-312-0661 (international); passcode 2830244. Please refer to the ACE Limited website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available for approximately one month. To listen to the replay, dial: 888-203-1112 (in the United States) or 719-457-0820 (international); passcode 2830244.
www.acelimited.com
A Questions & Answers document to accompany the conference call is posted on the Company's website in the Investor Information section. The URL reference is: http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/irol/10/100907/supportingdoc.pdf. (Due to the length of this URL, it may be necessary to copy and paste this hyperlink into your Internet browser's URL address field.)
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, a component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, the ACE Group of Companies conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acelimited.com
This material is not a substitute for the prospectus/proxy statement and any other documents ACE intends to file with the SEC. Investors and security holders are urged to read such prospectus/proxy statement and any other such documents, when available, which will contain important information about the proposed transaction. The prospectus/proxy statement will be, and other documents filed or to be filed by ACE with the SEC are or will be, available free of charge at the SEC's Web site (www.sec.gov) or from ACE, Investor Relations, 17 Woodbourne Avenue, Hamilton HM 08, Bermuda, telephone (441) 299-9283.
 
ACE and its directors, executive officers and other employees may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in connection with the proposed transaction. Information about ACE's directors and executive officers will be available in the proxy statement/prospectus to be filed in connection with the transaction. This document shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
:
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
Forward-looking statements made in this press release (including the attached Questions & Answers document) reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements about the re-domestication and its anticipated effects, offices and operations, stock trading matters, and tax and financial matters could be affected by risks including the re-domestication transactions may not close, shareholders or regulators may not provide required approvals, the Company may encounter difficulties moving jurisdictions and opening new offices and functions, tax and financial expectations and advantages might not materialize or might change, the Company's stock price could decline and its position on stock exchanges and indices could change, and Swiss corporate governance and regulatory schemes could prove different or more challenging than currently expected. In addition, the Company's business in general will continue to be subject to risks including competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments and actual settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, actual market developments, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20080401165335.txt.gz
TIME:20080401165335
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On April 1, 2008, ACE INA Holdings Inc. ("ACE INA"), as borrower, and ACE Limited (the "Company"), ACE Bermuda Insurance Ltd. and ACE Tempest Reinsurance Ltd., as guarantors, entered into a US $450,000,000 syndicated term loan agreement (the "Term Loan Agreement") with the financial institutions and other lenders named therein, including Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent.
The Term Loan Agreement is unsecured and repayable on maturity in April 2013. The proceeds of the Term Loan Agreement will be applied to pay a portion of the purchase price of the acquisition of the outstanding capital stock of Combined Insurance Company of America, as further described in Item 8.01 hereof, and to pay costs and expenses related thereto.
Under the Term Loan Agreement, ACE INA pays interest at either (a) LIBOR for specified interest periods plus a margin determined with reference to the Company's credit ratings or (b) a floating rate based upon Bank of America's prime rate or the Federal Funds rate. ACE INA is also paying customary upfront, structuring and syndication and administration fees.
The terms, conditions and covenants of the Term Loan Agreement are substantially similar to those in other ACE group credit facilities. The Term Loan Agreement contains customary covenants, including covenants applicable to the Company and its subsidiaries limiting liens, substantial asset sales and mergers. Most of these restrictions are subject to certain minimum thresholds and exceptions. The Term Loan Agreement also contains financial covenants that require the Company to maintain:
(i) a ratio of consolidated total debt (excluding trust preferred securities and mezzanine capital to the extent not exceeding 15 percent of total capitalization) to total capitalization of not greater than 0.35 to 1; and
(ii) a minimum consolidated net worth of not less than $9.570 billion (subject to an annual reset provision) plus 25 percent of cumulative consolidated net income from December 31, 2006, plus 50 percent of the net proceeds of any issuance of equity interests subsequent to December 31, 2006.
In addition, the Term Loan Agreement has customary events of default, including (subject to certain materiality thresholds and grace periods) payment default, failure to comply with covenants, material inaccuracy of representation or warranty, bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, change of control, ERISA matters and cross-default to other debt agreements.
 
See Item 1.01 above which is incorporated herein by reference.
 
On April 1, 2008, the Company, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, purchased all the outstanding shares of Combined Insurance Company of America and certain of its subsidiaries from Aon Corporation pursuant to the stock purchase agreement dated as of December 14, 2007 with Aon Corporation. The final purchase price for this stock purchase was approximately $2.56 billion.
A copy of the press release dated April 1, 2008 announcing the closing of this transaction is attached as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: April 1, 2008

Exhibit 99.1
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
HAMILTON, Bermuda  April 1, 2008  ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) announced today that it has completed its acquisition of 100% of the outstanding shares of Combined Insurance Company of America and certain of its subsidiaries from Aon Corporation (NYSE: AOC) for $2.56 billion in cash. In accordance with the purchase agreement, the purchase price reflects on a dollar-for-dollar basis an increase to Combined's net worth that occurred between the signing and the closing of the transaction.
Evan G. Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "We are delighted to close this important transaction ahead of schedule. ACE and Combined teams have been working closely together, making plans to achieve both our efficiency and growth objectives. We have been building considerable momentum over the last three months so we can hit the ground running beginning today."
In connection with ACE's first quarter earnings call on April 30, the Company will update 2008 earnings guidance.
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, a component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, the ACE Group of Companies conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acelimited.com
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20080429164703.txt.gz
TIME:20080429164703
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On April 29 2008, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its first quarter 2008 results and the availability of its first quarter financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: April 29, 2008
 

Exhibit 99.1
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported net income for the first quarter ended March 31, 2008, of $1.10 per common share after payment of preferred dividends, compared with $2.10 per share for the same quarter last year. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) for the first quarter was $2.16 per share, compared with $1.98 per share for the same quarter of last year.
HAMILTON, Bermuda, April 29, 2008
(1)
The first quarter was marked by unprecedented financial market volatility in both the credit and equity markets, which impacted net income and book value. The net realized and unrealized loss after tax was $650 million for the quarter. This loss is the result of market pricing changes only. Actual credit-related impairments included in this number were insignificant, at approximately $20 million. Book value increased $58 million for the quarter, and the annualized return on average equity was 17.7%.
(2)
 
 
Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "It was a busy and very good quarter for ACE. We closed two acquisitions  Combined Insurance and the Atlantic Companies' personal lines business  and we announced our intention to re-domesticate our holding company to Zurich, Switzerland. These moves speak to the medium- and long-term strategic positioning of our Company. We had a strong quarter in terms of operating performance, with net operating income up 9.5%. Net income, which was down, and book value growth, which was essentially flat, were negatively impacted by the unprecedented volatility experienced in the debt and equity markets during the quarter. The business climate has grown more difficult globally, including the broad economy and financial markets. Ironically, the P&C market continues to grow more competitive. Our balance sheet and income statement are strong, and in the face of these realities, we are well positioned to seek out and capitalize upon opportunities on both the asset and liability sides of our balance sheet."
Other operating highlights were as follows:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Details of our financial results for our business segments are available in the financial supplement. Key segment items include:
 
 
 
 
The following earnings guidance has been updated for the full year 2008 and reflects the acquisition of Combined Insurance Company of America and certain of its subsidiaries, which was completed on April 1, 2008. We are now estimating that Combined Insurance will be 3.4% or $0.25 per share accretive for the remainder of 2008. This compares to our previous estimate of 2.6% or $0.19 per share accretive for the same time frame.
 
 
 
 
Please refer to the ACE Limited Financial Supplement dated March 31, 2008, which is posted on the Company's website in the Investor Information section, and access Financial Reports for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, investment portfolio and capital structure. The URL reference is:
http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/irol/10/100907/fin_supp_march_31_2008.xls
. (Due to the length of this URL, it may be necessary to copy and paste this hyperlink into your Internet browser's URL address field.)
ACE will host its first quarter earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday, April 30, 2008, beginning at 8:30 a.m. ET. The earnings conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 888-632-5021 (within the United States) or 913-312-0656 (international); passcode 5744621. Please refer to the ACE Limited website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available for approximately one month. To listen to the replay, dial: 888-203-1112 (in the United States) or 719-457-0820 (international); passcode 5744621.
www.acelimited.com
 
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, a component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, the ACE Group of Companies conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: www.acelimited.com.
 
is a common performance measurement for insurance companies. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in Other (income) expense related to partially-owned insurance companies because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities.
Operating Income or Income excluding net realized gains (losses), net of tax
is calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, life and annuity benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting income and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including net investment income, other (income) expense, interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses). We believe the use of these measures enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
Underwriting income
is shareholders' equity less goodwill. See reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures beginning on page 21 in the financial supplement.
Tangible shareholders' equity
These measures should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
 
:
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
Forward-looking statements made in this press release, such as those related to economic conditions, company performance, reserves and valuations, and integration of ACE's recent acquisitions, reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, integration activities and unexpected financial or operational performance with respect to acquired companies, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments and actual settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, actual market developments, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
Life Insurance and Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At December 31, 2007, $7.6 billion of ACE Limited active operations recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 94.5% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies. The Company held collateral of $3.2 billion, of which $2.1 billion was matched and usable against existing recoverables.
 
 
 
 
 
 
At December 31, 2007, $10.7 billion of ACE Limited recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 94.4% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
 
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations. However, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of book value per share is provided on page 22.
 
In presenting our segment operating results, we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, life and annuity benefits, policy acquisition costs, and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense, and net realized gains (losses).
 
The following non-GAAP measure is a common performance measurement and is defined as income excluding net realized gains (losses) and the related tax expense (benefit). We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in other income (expense) related to partially owned insurance companies because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) less perpetual preferred securities divided by average ordinary shareholders' equity for the period. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per ordinary share:
 
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio excluding life business. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
 
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income excluding net realized gains (losses).
Effective tax rate:
 
Unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity.
FAS 115:
 
Net premium earned and net investment income less future policy benefits, acquisition costs and administrative expenses.
Life underwriting income:
 
Not meaningful.
NM:
 
Shareholders' equity less perpetual preferred shares.
Ordinary shareholders' equity:
 
Property and casualty.
P&C:
 
Ordinary shareholders' equity less goodwill divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per ordinary share:
 
Shareholders' equity less goodwill.
Tangible equity:
 
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, perpetual preferred shares and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20080515170731.txt.gz
TIME:20080515170731
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On May 12, 2008, ACE INA Holdings Inc. agreed to sell in a public offering $450 million of 5.60% Senior Notes due 2015. The notes will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by ACE Limited.
Attached as Exhibits 1.1 and 1.2 are copies of the underwriting agreement and terms agreement relating to such public offering.
 
(d) Exhibits.
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: May 15, 2008

Exhibit 1.1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EXECUTION COPY
May 12, 2008
 
within-mentioned Terms Agreement
Ladies and Gentlemen:
ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), proposes to issue and sell up to $450,000,000 aggregate initial public offering price, or its equivalent based on the applicable exchange rate at the time of offering in such foreign or composite currencies as the Company shall designate at the time of offering, of its senior or subordinated debt securities (the "Debt Securities"), from time to time, in or pursuant to one or more offerings on terms to be determined at the time of sale. The Debt Securities will be unconditionally guaranteed as to payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest by ACE Limited, a Cayman Islands company (the "Guarantor").
The Debt Securities will be issued in one or more series as senior indebtedness (the "Senior Debt Securities") under an indenture, dated as of August 1, 1999 (the "Senior Indenture"), among the Company, the Guarantor and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association and The First National Bank of Chicago), as trustee (the "Senior Trustee"), or as subordinated indebtedness (the "Subordinated Debt Securities") under an indenture (the "Subordinated Indenture", and collectively with the Senior Indenture, the "Indentures", and each, an "Indenture"), dated as of December 1, 1999 among the Company, the Guarantor and J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the "Subordinated Trustee", and collectively with the Senior Trustee, the "Trustees", and each, a "Trustee"). Each series of Debt Securities may vary, as applicable, as to title, aggregate principal amount, rank, interest rate or formula and timing of payments thereof, stated maturity date, redemption and/or repayment provisions, sinking fund requirements, conversion or exchange provisions and any other variable terms established by or pursuant to the applicable Indenture.
Whenever the Company determines to make an offering of Debt Securities, the Company and the Guarantor will enter into an agreement (each, a "Terms Agreement") providing for the sale of such Debt Securities to, and the purchase and offering thereof by, the underwriters specified in the Terms Agreement (the "Underwriters", which term shall include any Underwriter substituted pursuant to Section 10 hereof). The Terms Agreement relating to the
 
offering of Debt Securities shall specify the aggregate principal amount of Debt Securities to be issued (the "Underwritten Securities"), the name of each Underwriter participating in such offering (subject to substitution as provided in Section 10 hereof) and the name of any Underwriter acting as co-manager in connection with such offering, the aggregate principal amount of Underwritten Securities that each such Underwriter severally agrees to purchase, whether such offering is on a fixed or variable price basis and, if on a fixed price basis, the initial offering price, the price at which the Underwritten Securities are to be purchased by the Underwriters, the form, time, date and place of delivery and payment of the Underwritten Securities and any other material variable terms of the Underwritten Securities. The Terms Agreement, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, may take the form of an exchange of any standard form of written telecommunication between the Company and one or more of the Underwriters, acting for themselves and, if applicable, as representative(s) of any other Underwriters. Each offering of Underwritten Securities will be governed by this Underwriting Agreement, as supplemented by the applicable Terms Agreement. As used herein, the term "Representative(s)" means, with respect to any offering of Debt Securities, any Underwriter(s) specified as the representative(s) of the Underwriters of such offering in the applicable Terms Agreement and if none is so designated, it means the Underwriters.
The Company and the Guarantor have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") a joint automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-130378), for the registration of the Debt Securities and the guarantee thereof of the Guarantor (the "Guarantee") under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "1933 Act"), and the offering thereof from time to time in accordance with Rule 415 of the rules and regulations of the Commission under the 1933 Act (the "1933 Act Regulations"). Such registration statement became effective automatically upon filing on December 16, 2005, each Indenture has been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the "1939 Act"), and the Company and the Guarantor have filed such post-effective amendments to such registration statement as may be required prior to the execution of the applicable Terms Agreement and each such post-effective amendment became effective automatically upon filing with the Commission. At any given time, such registration statement (as so amended, if applicable, to such time), including any required information deemed to be a part thereof at such time pursuant to Rule 430B under the 1933 Act (the "Rule 430B Information"), is referred to herein as the "Registration Statement"; and the final base prospectus or prospectuses and the final prospectus supplement relating to the offering of the Underwritten Securities, in the form first furnished to the Underwriters by the Company and the Guarantor for use in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities, are collectively referred to herein as the "Prospectus"; provided, however, that at any given time references to the "Registration Statement" and the "Prospectus" shall also be deemed to include all documents incorporated therein by reference pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "1934 Act"), as of, in the case of the Registration Statement, such given date, or, in the case of the Prospectus, as of the date of the Prospectus. A "preliminary prospectus" shall be deemed to refer to any prospectus used before the Registration Statement became effective and any prospectus that omitted information to be included upon pricing in a form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the 1933 Act Regulations and was used after such effectiveness and prior to the relevant Applicable Time (as defined in the applicable Terms Agreement), including in each case any base prospectus so used and the documents incorporated by reference therein. For purposes of this Underwriting Agreement, all references to the Registration Statement, Prospectus or
 
preliminary prospectus or to any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing shall be deemed to include any copy filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system ("EDGAR").
The term "Disclosure Package" shall mean (i) each preliminary prospectus, as amended or supplemented, used in connection with the offer of the Underwritten Securities, (ii) the issuer free writing prospectuses as defined in Rule 433 of the Securities Act (each, an "Issuer Free Writing Prospectus"), if any, (iii) any other free writing prospectus that the parties hereto shall hereafter expressly agree in writing to treat as part of the Disclosure Package and (iv) the Final Term Sheet (as defined herein), which shall be identified in Schedule I to the applicable Terms Agreement.
All references in this Underwriting Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information which is, at a given time, "contained," "included" or "stated" (or other references of like import) in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and schedules and other information which is incorporated by reference or deemed to be included in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus, as the case may be, as of, in the case of the Registration Statement, such given time, or, in the case of the Prospectus, the date of the Prospectus, or, in the case of a preliminary prospectus, the relevant Applicable Time; and all references in this Underwriting Agreement to amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus shall be deemed, at a given time, to mean and include the filing of any document under 1934 Act or the 1933 Act which is incorporated by reference or deemed to be included in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus, as the case may be, after, in the case of the Registration Statement, such given time, or, in the case of the Prospectus, the date of the Prospectus, or, in the case of a preliminary prospectus, the relevant Applicable Time.
SECTION 1. .
Representations and Warranties
(a) The Company and the Guarantor represent and warrant to each Underwriter named in the applicable Terms Agreement, as of the date thereof, as of the Applicable Time and as of the Closing Time (as defined below) (in each case, a "Representation Date"), as follows:
Representations and Warranties by the Company and the Guarantor.
(1) . (i) At the time of filing the Registration Statement, (ii) at the time of the most recent amendment thereto for the purposes of complying with Section 10(a)(3) of the 1933 Act (whether such amendment was by post-effective amendment, incorporated report filed pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act or form of prospectus) and (iii) at the execution time of each of this Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement (with each such date being used as the determination date for purposes of this clause (iii)), the Company was and is a "well known seasoned issuer" as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Act. The Registration Statement is an "automatic shelf registration statement", as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Act, neither the Company nor the Guarantor has received from the Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the 1933 Act objecting to use of the automatic shelf registration statement form and neither the Company nor the Guarantor has otherwise ceased to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration statement form.
Compliance with Registration Requirements; Disclosure
 
(i) At the earliest time after the filing of the Registration Statement relating to the Underwritten Securities that the Company, the Guarantor or another offering participant made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) of the 1933 Act) and (ii) as of the date of the execution and delivery of each of this Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement (with each such date being used as the determination date for purposes of this clause (ii)), neither the Company nor the Guarantor was or is an Ineligible Issuer (as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Act), without taking account of any determination by the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 of the 1933 Act that it is not necessary that either the Company or the Guarantor be considered an Ineligible Issuer.
No stop order has been issued under the 1933 Act and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or the Guarantor, are contemplated by the Commission, and any request on the part of the Commission for additional information has been complied with. In addition, each Indenture has been duly qualified under the 1939 Act.
At the respective times the Registration Statement became effective or was deemed effective with respect to the Underwriters pursuant to Rule 430B(f)(2) under the 1933 Act and at each Representation Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and the 1939 Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission under the 1939 Act (the "1939 Act Regulations") and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.
At the date of the Prospectus and at the Closing Time, neither the Prospectus nor any amendments and supplements thereto included or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
As of the Applicable Time, the Disclosure Package did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
Neither any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus nor the Final Term Sheet, as of its issue date and at all subsequent times through the completion of the offering of the Underwritten Securities or until any earlier date that the Company or the Guarantor notified or notifies the Representatives as described in the next sentence, did not, does not and will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any preliminary prospectus, including any document incorporated by reference therein that has not been superseded or modified. If at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such
 
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any preliminary prospectus, the Company has promptly notified or will promptly notify the Representatives and has promptly amended or supplemented or will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict.
The Company has not distributed and will not distribute, prior to the later of the Closing Time and the completion of the Underwriters' distribution of the Underwritten Securities, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Underwritten Securities other than a preliminary prospectus, the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus reviewed and consented to by the Representatives and included in Schedule I to the applicable Terms Agreement or the Registration Statement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the representations and warranties in this subsection shall not apply to statements in or omissions from the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company or the Guarantor in writing by any Underwriter through the Representative(s) expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus.
To the Company's knowledge, the Registration Statement is not the subject of a pending proceeding or examination under Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the 1933 Act, nor is the Company or the Guarantor the subject of a pending proceeding under Section 8A of the 1933 Act in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities.
Each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus filed as part of the Registration Statement as originally filed or as part of any amendment thereto, or filed pursuant to Rule 424 under the 1933 Act, complied when so filed in all material respects with the 1933 Act Regulations and each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with the offering of Underwritten Securities will, at the time of such delivery, be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.
(2) . The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, at the time they were or hereafter are filed with the Commission, complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (the "1934 Act Regulations") and, when read together with the other information in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, at the Applicable Time or at the date of the Prospectus, as the case may be, and at the Closing Time, did not and will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
Incorporated Documents
(3) . The accountants who certified or shall certify the financial statements and any supporting schedules thereto of the Guarantor included in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus are independent public accountants with respect to the Guarantor and its subsidiaries as required by the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations.
Independent Accountants
 
(4) . The financial statements of the Guarantor included in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, together with the related schedules and notes, as well as those financial statements, schedules and notes of any other entity included therein, present fairly the financial position of the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries, or such other entity, as the case may be, at the dates indicated and the statement of operations, stockholders' equity and cash flows of the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries, or such other entity, as the case may be, for the periods specified. Such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved, except as indicated therein or in the notes thereto. The supporting schedules, if any, included in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus present fairly in accordance with GAAP the information required to be stated therein. The selected financial data and the summary financial information, if any, included in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus present fairly the information shown therein and have been compiled on a basis consistent with that of the related audited financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.
Financial Statements
(5) . Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except as otherwise stated therein (i) neither the Guarantor nor any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) has sustained any material loss or material interference with its business from any action, notice, order or decree from an insurance regulatory authority and (ii) there has been (A) no material adverse change in case reserves or losses or loss expense of the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries (including the Company) and (B) no material adverse change, nor any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business, or results of operations of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries (including the Company) considered as one enterprise, in either case whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business (a "Material Adverse Change").
No Material Adverse Change in Business
(6) . The Company has been duly incorporated and is subsisting and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under, or as contemplated under, this Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement. The Company is duly qualified to transact business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Good Standing of the Company
 
(7) . The Guarantor has been duly incorporated and is existing and in good standing under the laws of the Cayman Islands, with corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under, or as contemplated under, this Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement. The Guarantor is duly qualified to transact business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Good Standing of the Guarantor
(8) . Each subsidiary of the Guarantor, other than such subsidiaries as would not, individually or in the aggregate, constitute a "significant subsidiary" as such term is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated under the 1933 Act (each, a "Significant Subsidiary") (including the Company) that is a corporation has been duly incorporated or organized and is an existing corporation in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, with corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; and each such Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor is duly qualified to transact business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of each such Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor has been duly authorized and validly issued and is fully paid and nonassessable; and all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of each such Significant Subsidiary is owned by the Guarantor, directly or through subsidiaries, except for de minimis shareholdings as required to comply with applicable law, and such capital stock is owned free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance, claim or equity (except for restrictions on transferability of the shares of insurance subsidiaries, under applicable law).
Good Standing of Corporate Subsidiaries
(9) . Each Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor that is a partnership has been duly formed and is an existing partnership in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation, with power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; and each such Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; all of the outstanding equity interests of each such Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor have been duly authorized and validly issued; and all of the equity interests of each such Significant Subsidiary are owned by the Guarantor,
Good Standing of Partnership Subsidiaries
 
directly or through subsidiaries, free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance, claim or equity (other than immaterial amounts necessary to comply with applicable law).
(10) . If the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus contains a "Capitalization" section, the authorized, issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Guarantor are as set forth in the column entitled "Actual" under such section (except for subsequent issuances thereof, if any, pursuant to reservations, agreements or employee benefit plans or pursuant to the exercise of convertible securities or options). Such shares of capital stock have been duly authorized and validly issued by the Guarantor and are fully paid and non-assessable, and none of such shares of capital stock was issued in violation of preemptive or other similar rights of any securityholder of the Guarantor.
Capitalization
(11) . This Underwriting Agreement has been, and the applicable Terms Agreement as of the date thereof will have been, duly authorized, executed and delivered by each of the Company and the Guarantor.
Authorization of this Underwriting Agreement and Terms Agreement
(12) . The Underwritten Securities have been, or as of the date of the applicable Terms Agreement will have been, duly authorized by the Company for issuance and sale pursuant to this Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement. Such Underwritten Securities, when issued and authenticated in the manner provided for in the applicable Indenture and delivered against payment of the consideration therefor specified in such Terms Agreement, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), and except further as enforcement thereof may be limited by requirements that a claim with respect to any Underwritten Securities payable in a foreign or composite currency (or a foreign or composite currency judgment in respect of such claim) be converted into U.S. dollars at a rate of exchange prevailing on a date determined pursuant to applicable law or by governmental authority to limit, delay or prohibit the making of payments outside the United States. Such Underwritten Securities will be in the form contemplated by, and each registered holder thereof will be entitled to the benefits of, the applicable Indenture.
Authorization of Underwritten Securities
(13) . The Guarantee has been, or as of the date of such Terms Agreement will have been, duly authorized by the Guarantor for issuance pursuant to this Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement. Such Guarantee, when issued and delivered in the manner provided for in the applicable Indenture, will constitute a valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor, enforceable against the Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws
Authorization of Guarantee
 
affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), and will be in the form contemplated by, and entitled to the benefits of, the Indenture.
(14) . The applicable Indenture has been, or prior to the issuance of the Debt Securities thereunder will have been, duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and the Guarantor and, upon such authorization, execution and delivery, will constitute a valid and binding agreement of the Company and the Guarantor, enforceable against each of them in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).
Authorization of the Indentures
(15) . The Underwritten Securities being sold pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement, the Guarantee and each applicable Indenture, as of each Representation Date, will conform in all material respects to the statements relating thereto contained in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and will be in substantially the form filed or incorporated by reference, as the case may be, as an exhibit to the Registration Statement.
Descriptions of the Underwritten Securities, the Guarantee and the Indentures
(16) . Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, under current laws and regulations of the Cayman Islands and Bermuda and any political subdivision thereof, all interest payable on the Underwritten Securities may be paid by the Guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee to the holders thereof in United States dollars and freely transferred out of the Cayman Islands or Bermuda and all such payments made to holders thereof or therein who are non-residents of the Cayman Islands or Bermuda will not be subject to income, withholding or other taxes under laws and regulations of the Cayman Islands or Bermuda or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein and will otherwise be free and clear of any other tax, duty, withholding or deduction in the Cayman Islands or Bermuda or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein and without the necessity of obtaining any governmental authorization in the Cayman Islands or Bermuda or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein.
Non-Taxation of Interest
(17) . The description of the Guarantor's reserves and reserving methodology and assumptions described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus is accurate and fairly presents the information set forth therein in all material respects and, since the date of the latest financial statements included in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, no loss experience has developed which would require or make it appropriate for the Guarantor to alter or modify such methodology.
Reserves
(18) . Neither the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is in violation of its charter or by-laws, partnership agreement or other constitutive documents or in default in the performance or observance
Absence of Defaults and Conflicts
 
of any obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan or credit agreement, note, lease or other agreement or instrument to which the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to which any of the assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is subject (collectively, "Agreements and Instruments"), except for such defaults that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. The execution, delivery and performance of this Underwriting Agreement, the applicable Terms Agreement and each applicable Indenture and any other agreement or instrument entered into or issued or to be entered into or issued by the Company or the Guarantor in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (including, without limitation, the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities, the issuance of the Guarantee, and the use of the proceeds from the sale of the Underwritten Securities, together with the Guarantee, as described under the caption "Use of Proceeds") and compliance by the Company and the Guarantor, as applicable, with their respective obligations hereunder and thereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and do not and will not, whether with or without the giving of notice or passage of time or both, conflict with or constitute a breach of, or default or Repayment Event (as defined below) under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) pursuant to, any Agreements and Instruments (except for such conflicts, breaches, defaults or Repayment Events or liens, charges or encumbrances that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change), nor will such action result in any violation of the provisions of the charter, by-laws, partnership agreement or other constitutive document of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) or, to the best of the Company's and the Guarantor's knowledge, any applicable law, statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ or decree of any government, government instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) or over any of the assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company), except for such violations under applicable law, statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ or decree as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. As used herein, a "Repayment Event" means any event or condition that gives the holder of any note, debenture or other evidence of indebtedness (or any person acting on such holder's behalf) the right to require the repurchase, redemption or repayment of all or a portion of such indebtedness by the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company).
(19) . There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or brought by any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign, now pending, or to the knowledge of the Company or the Guarantor threatened or contemplated, against or affecting the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) that is required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus (other than as stated therein), or that would
Absence of Proceedings
 
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, or that would reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the ability of the Company or the Guarantor to perform its obligations under this Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement.
(20) . There are no contracts or documents that are required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, the Prospectus or the documents incorporated by reference therein or to be filed as exhibits thereto that have not been so described and filed as required.
Accuracy of Exhibits
(21) . No consent, approval, authorization, or order of, or filing with, any governmental agency or body or any court, domestic or foreign, is required for the due authorization, execution or delivery by the Company or the Guarantor of this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement or for the performance by the Company or the Guarantor of the transactions contemplated under the Prospectus, this Underwriting Agreement, such Terms Agreement or the applicable Indenture, as applicable, except such as have been obtained and made under the 1933 Act, such filing of the Prospectus as has been made with the Bermuda Registrar of Companies under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda and such as may be required under state securities laws.
Absence of Further Requirements
(22) . The Guarantor and its subsidiaries (including the Company) possess such permits, licenses, approvals, consents and other authorizations (collectively, "Governmental Licenses") issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory agencies or bodies necessary to conduct the business now operated by them, except where the failure to so possess any such Governmental Licenses would not, singly or in aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. The Guarantor and its subsidiaries (including the Company) are in compliance with the terms and conditions of all such Governmental Licenses, except where the failure so to comply would not, singly or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. All of the Governmental Licenses are valid and in full force and effect, except where the invalidity of such Governmental Licenses or the failure of such Governmental Licenses to be in full force and effect would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. Neither the Guarantor nor any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such Governmental Licenses that, singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Possession of Licenses and Permits
(23) . Each of the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries (including insurance holding companies) is duly registered, licensed or admitted as an insurer or an insurance holding company (as applicable) in each jurisdiction where it is required to be so licensed or admitted to conduct its business as presently conducted, except where the failure to be so registered, licensed or admitted would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; each of the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries has all other necessary authorizations, approvals, orders, certificates and permits, of and from, and has made all declarations and filings with, all insurance
Insurance Laws
 
authorities, commissions or other insurance regulatory bodies to conduct their respective businesses as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except for where the failure to have such authorizations, approvals, orders, certificates and permits, or to make such declarations and filings, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; all of such authorizations, approvals, orders, certificates and permits are in full force and effect, except where the failure to be in full force and effect would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and neither the Guarantor nor its insurance subsidiaries has received any notification from any insurance authority, commission or other insurance regulatory body to the effect that any additional authorization, approval, order, license, certificate or permit from such authority, commission or body is needed to be obtained by any of the Guarantor or its insurance subsidiaries, except for any authorization, approval, order, license, certificate or permit from any such authority, commission or body the failure of which to obtain, singly or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Each of the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries is in compliance with all applicable insurance statutes and regulations and has filed all reports, documents or other information required to be filed under such statutes and regulations, except where the failure to comply or file would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and each of the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries is in compliance with the insurance laws and regulations of other jurisdictions which are applicable to the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries (as the case may be), except where the failure to comply would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
(24) . Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, no authorization, approval or consent of any governmental authority or agency is required (other than any license as an insurer or insurance holding company and other than those that have already been obtained) under the laws of any jurisdiction in which the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) conduct their respective businesses in connection with the ownership, directly or indirectly, by the Guarantor of equity interests in any subsidiary (including the Company) or the repatriation of any amount from or to the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company), except to the extent that the failure to obtain such authorization, approval or consent would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Governmental Authorization
(25) . The Underwritten Securities, upon issuance, will be excluded or exempted under, or beyond the purview of, the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the "Commodity Exchange Act"), and the rules and regulations of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the Commodity Exchange Act (the "Commodity Exchange Act Regulations").
Commodity Exchange Act
(26) . The Company and the Guarantor are not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities as herein contemplated and the application of the net proceeds therefrom as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus they will not be, an "investment company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act").
Investment Company Act
 
(27) . The Guarantor maintains a system of internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company's principal executive officer and principal financial officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Guarantor's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of the end of the quarter ended December 31, 2006, and the Guarantor was not aware of any material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting at such time.
Internal Controls and Procedures
(b) Any certificate signed by any officer of the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries and delivered to the Representative(s) or to counsel for the Underwriters in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company, the Guarantor or such subsidiary, as the case may be, to each Underwriter as to the matters covered thereby on the date of such certificate and, unless subsequently amended or supplemented, at each Representation Date subsequent thereto.
Officers' Certificates.
SECTION 2. .
Sale and Delivery to Underwriters; Closing
(a) The several commitments of the Underwriters to purchase the Underwritten Securities pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement shall be deemed to have been made on the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained and shall be subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth.
Underwritten Securities.
(b) Payment of the purchase price for, and delivery of, the Underwritten Securities shall be made at the offices of Sidley Austin , 787 Seventh Avenue, New York, New York 10019, or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Representative(s) and the Company, at 9:00 A.M. (Eastern time) on the third (fourth, if the pricing occurs after 4:30 P.M. (Eastern time) on any given day) business day after the date of the applicable Terms Agreement (unless postponed in accordance with the provisions of Section 10 hereof), or such other time not later than ten business days after such date as shall be agreed upon by the Representative(s) and the Company (such time and date of payment and delivery being herein called "Closing Time").
Payment.
LLP
Payment shall be made to the Company by wire transfer of immediately available funds to a bank account designated by the Company, against delivery to the Representative(s) for the respective accounts of the Underwriters of the Underwritten Securities to be purchased by them. It is understood that each Underwriter has authorized the Representative(s), for its account, to accept delivery of, receipt for, and make payment of the purchase price for, the Underwritten Securities which it has severally agreed to purchase. Any Representative, individually and not as representative of the Underwriters, may (but shall not be obligated to) make payment of the purchase price for the Underwritten Securities to be purchased by any Underwriter whose funds have not been received by the Closing Time, but such payment shall not relieve such Underwriter from its obligations hereunder.
(c) If the Underwritten Securities are issued other than in book-entry form, certificates for the Underwritten Securities shall be in such denominations and
Denominations; Registration.
 
registered in such names as the Representative(s) may request in writing at least one full business day prior to the Closing Time. If the Underwritten Securities are issued other than in book-entry form, certificates for the Underwritten Securities will be made available for examination and packaging by the Representative(s) in The City of New York not later than 10:00 A.M. (Eastern time) on the business day prior to the Closing Time.
SECTION 3. . The Company and the Guarantor covenant with the Representative(s) and with each Underwriter participating in the offering of Underwritten Securities, as follows:
Covenants of the Company and the Guarantor
(a) The Company and the Guarantor, subject to Section 3(b), will comply with the requirements of Rule 430B of the 1933 Act Regulations, if and as applicable, and they will notify the Representative(s) immediately, and confirm the notice in writing, of (i) the filing and effectiveness of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or the filing of any supplement or amendment to the Prospectus, (ii) the receipt of any comments from the Commission, (iii) any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus or for additional information, (iv) the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any preliminary prospectus, or of the suspension of the qualification of the Underwritten Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of any proceedings for any of such purposes or of any examination pursuant to Section 8(e) of the 1933 Act concerning the Registration Statement and (v) if the Company or the Guarantor becomes the subject of a proceeding under Section 8A of the 1933 Act in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities. The Company and the Guarantor will effect the filings required under Rule 424(b) of the 1933 Act Regulations, in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)), and will take such steps as they deem necessary to ascertain promptly whether each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus transmitted for filing under Rule 424 was received for filing by the Commission and, in the event that it was not, they will promptly file such preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus. The Company and the Guarantor will make every reasonable effort to prevent the issuance of any stop order and, if any stop order is issued, to obtain the lifting thereof at the earliest possible moment. The Company and the Guarantor agree to pay the required Commission filing fees relating to the Underwritten Securities within the time required by Rule 456(b)(1) of the 1933 Act Regulations without regard to the proviso therein and otherwise in accordance with Rules 456(b) and 457(r) of the 1933 Act Regulations.
Compliance with Securities Regulations and Commission Requests; Payment of Filing Fees.
(b) . The Company and the Guarantor will give the Representative(s) notice of their intention to file or prepare any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment, supplement or revision to either any preliminary prospectus or to the Prospectus, whether pursuant to the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or otherwise, and the Company and the Guarantor will furnish the Representative(s) with copies of any such documents a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing or use, as the case may be, and will give the Representative(s) a reasonable opportunity to comment on any such document prior to such proposed filing or use, as the case may be. The Company will prepare a final term sheet (the "Final Term Sheet") reflecting the
Filing of Amendments and Exchange Act Documents; Preparation of Final Term Sheet
 
final terms of the Underwritten Securities, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative(s) and attached as Schedule II to the applicable Terms Agreement, and shall file such Final Term Sheet as an "issuer free writing prospectus" pursuant to Rule 433 under the 1933 Act Regulations within the time required by such rule.
(c) The Company and the Guarantor have furnished or will deliver to the Representative(s) and counsel for the Underwriters, without charge, signed copies of the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each amendment thereto (including exhibits filed therewith or incorporated by reference therein and documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein or deemed to be a part thereof) and signed copies of all consents and certificates of experts, and will also deliver to the Representative(s), without charge, a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each amendment thereto (without exhibits) for each of the Underwriters. The Registration Statement and each amendment thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.
Delivery of Registration Statements.
(d) The Company and the Guarantor will deliver to each Underwriter, without charge, as many copies of each preliminary prospectus and each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus (as defined below) as such Underwriter may reasonably request, and the Company and the Guarantor hereby consent to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the 1933 Act. The Company and the Guarantor will furnish to each Underwriter, without charge, during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act, such number of copies of the Prospectus as such Underwriter may reasonably request. The Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.
Delivery of Prospectuses.
(e) The Company and the Guarantor will comply with the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and the 1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Underwritten Securities as contemplated in this Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement and in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. If at any time when the Prospectus is required by the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act to be delivered in connection with sales of the Underwritten Securities, any event shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters or for the Company and the Guarantor, to amend the Registration Statement in order that the Registration Statement will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or to amend or supplement the Prospectus in order that the Prospectus will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading in the light of the circumstances existing at the time it is delivered to a purchaser, or if it shall be necessary, in the opinion of such counsel, at any such time to amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement the Prospectus in order to comply with the requirements of the 1933 Act or the 1933 Act Regulations, the Company and the Guarantor will promptly prepare and file with the Commission, at its own expense, subject to Section 3(b), such amendment or supplement as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or to comply with such requirements, the
Continued Compliance with Securities Laws.
 
Company and the Guarantor will use their best efforts to have such amendment declared effective as soon as practicable (if it is not automatically effective with respect to the Underwritten Securities), and the Company and the Guarantor will furnish to the Underwriters, without charge, such number of copies of such amendment or supplement as the Underwriters may reasonably request. Neither the Representatives' consent to, nor any Underwriters' delivery of, any such amendment or supplement shall constitute a waiver of any of the conditions set forth in Section 5. If at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or any preliminary prospectus or included or would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances prevailing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company and the Guarantor will promptly notify the Representative(s) and will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement or omission and will promptly file such amendment or supplement with the Commission.
(f) The Company and the Guarantor will use their best efforts, in cooperation with the Underwriters, to qualify the Underwritten Securities for offering and sale under the applicable securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions (domestic or foreign) as the Representative(s) may designate and to maintain such qualifications in effect for a period of not less than one year from the date of the applicable Terms Agreement; provided, however, that the Company and the Guarantor shall not be obligated to file any general consent to service of process or to qualify as a foreign corporation or as a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which they are not so qualified or to subject themselves to taxation in respect of doing business in any jurisdiction in which they are not otherwise so subject. In each jurisdiction in which the Underwritten Securities have been so qualified, the Company and the Guarantor will file such statements and reports as may be required by the laws of such jurisdiction to continue such qualification in effect for a period of not less than one year from the date of such Terms Agreement.
Blue Sky Qualifications.
(g) . The Guarantor and, to the extent separately required pursuant to Rule 158 under the 1933 Act, the Company will timely file such reports pursuant to the 1934 Act as are necessary in order to make generally available to its securityholders as soon as practicable an earnings statement for the purposes of, and to provide the benefits contemplated by, the last paragraph of Section 11(a) of the 1933 Act.
Earnings Statement
(h) The Company will use the net proceeds received by it from the sale of the Underwritten Securities in the manner specified under "Use of Proceeds" in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.
Use of Proceeds.
(i) The Company and the Guarantor will use their best efforts to effect the listing of the Underwritten Securities, prior to the Closing Time, on any national securities exchange or quotation system if and as specified in the applicable Terms Agreement.
Listing.
(j) Between the date of the applicable Terms Agreement and the Closing Time or such other date specified in such Terms Agreement, neither
Restriction on Sale of Debt Securities.
 
the Company nor the Guarantor will, without the prior written consent of the Representative(s), directly or indirectly, issue, sell, offer or contract to sell, grant any option for the sale of, or otherwise dispose of, the debt securities specified in such Terms Agreement.
(k) The Guarantor, during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act, will file all documents required to be filed with the Commission pursuant to the 1934 Act within the time periods required by the 1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations.
Reporting Requirements.
(l) The Company and the Guarantor will jointly and severally indemnify and hold harmless the Underwriters against any documentary, stamp or similar issue tax, including any interest and penalties, on the creation, issue and sale of the Underwritten Securities and on the execution and delivery of this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement. All payments to be made by the Company or the Guarantor hereunder shall be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties or governmental charges whatsoever unless the Company or the Guarantor is compelled by law to deduct or withhold such taxes, duties or charges. In that event, the Company or the Guarantor shall pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received after such withholding or deduction shall equal the amounts that would have been received if no withholding or deduction had been made.
Documentary, Stamp or Similar Issue Taxes.
(m) Each of the Company and the Guarantor represents that it has not made, and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Representative(s), it will not make, any offer relating to the Underwritten Securities that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute a "free writing prospectus" (as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Regulations) required to be filed by the Company or the Guarantor with the Commission or retained by the Company or the Guarantor under Rule 433 of the 1933 Act Regulations; provided that the prior written consent of the Representative(s) shall be deemed to have been given in respect of the free writing prospectuses listed in Schedule I to the applicable Terms Agreement. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Representative(s) is hereinafter referred to as a "Permitted Free Writing Prospectus". Each of the Company and the Guarantor agrees that (i) it has treated and will treat, as the case may be, each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and (ii) has complied and will comply, as the case may be, with the requirements of Rules 164 and 433 of the 1933 Act Regulations applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including in respect of timely filing with the Commission, legending and record keeping. Each of the Company and the Guarantor consents to the use by any Underwriter of a free writing prospectus that (a) is not an "issuer free writing prospectus" as defined in Rule 433, and (b) contains only (i) information describing the preliminary terms of the Underwritten Securities or their offering, (ii) information permitted by Rule 134 of the 1933 Act Regulations or (iii) information that describes the final terms of the Underwritten Securities or their offering and that is included in the Final Term Sheet
Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses.
(n) If immediately prior to the third anniversary (the "Renewal Deadline") of the initial effective date of the Registration Statement, any of the Underwritten Securities remain unsold by the Underwriters, the Company and the Guarantor will prior to the Renewal Deadline file, if it has not already done so and is eligible to
Registration Statement Renewal Deadline.
 
do so, a new automatic shelf registration statement relating to the Underwritten Securities, in a form satisfactory to the Representative(s). If the Company or the Guarantor is no longer eligible to file an automatic shelf registration statement, the Company and the Guarantor will prior to the Renewal Deadline, if it has not already done so, file a new shelf registration statement relating to the Underwritten Securities, in a form satisfactory to the Representative(s), and will use its best efforts to cause such registration statement to be declared effective within 60 days after the Renewal Deadline. The Company and the Guarantor will take all other action necessary or appropriate to permit the public offering and sale of the Underwritten Securities to continue as contemplated in the expired registration statement relating to the Underwritten Securities. References herein to the Registration Statement shall include such new automatic shelf registration statement or such new shelf registration statement, as the case may be.
(o) If at any time when Underwritten Securities remain unsold by the Underwriters either the Company or the Guarantor receives from the Commission a notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations or otherwise ceases to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration statement form, the Company or the Guarantor will (i) promptly notify the Representative(s), (ii) promptly file a new registration statement or post-effective amendment on the proper form relating to the Underwritten Securities, in a form satisfactory to the Representative(s), (iii) use its best efforts to cause such registration statement of post-effective amendment to be declared effective and (iv) promptly notify the Representative(s) of such effectiveness. The Company and the Guarantor will take all other action necessary or appropriate to permit the public offering and sale of the Underwritten Securities to continue as contemplated in the registration statement that was the subject of the Rule 401(g)(2) notice or for which the Company or the Guarantor has otherwise become ineligible. References herein to the Registration Statement shall include such new registration statement or post-effective amendment, as the case may be.
Notice of Inability to Use Automatic Shelf Registration Statement Form.
SECTION 4. .
Payment of Expenses
(a) The Company and the Guarantor will pay all expenses incidental to the performance of their obligations under this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement, including (i) the preparation, printing and filing of the Registration Statement (including financial statements and exhibits) as originally filed and of each amendment thereto, (ii) the preparation, printing and delivery to the Underwriters of this Underwriting Agreement, any Terms Agreement, any Agreement among Underwriters, the Indentures, and such other documents as may be required in connection with the offering, purchase, sale, issuance or delivery of the Underwritten Securities, (iii) the preparation, issuance and delivery of the Underwritten Securities and any certificates for the Underwritten Securities, to the Underwriters, including any transfer taxes and any stamp or other duties payable upon the sale, issuance or delivery of the Underwritten Securities to the Underwriters, (iv) the fees and disbursements of the Company's and the Guarantor's counsel, accountants and other advisors or agents (including transfer agents and registrars), as well as the fees and disbursements of the Trustees, and their respective counsel, (v) the qualification of the Underwritten Securities under state securities laws in accordance with the provisions of Section 3(f) hereof, including filing fees and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters in connection therewith and in connection with the preparation, printing and delivery of the Blue Sky Survey, and any amendment thereto, (vi) the printing and delivery to the Underwriters and filing of copies of each
Expenses.
 
preliminary prospectus, the Prospectus, any free writing prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, (vii) the fees charged by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations for the rating of the Underwritten Securities, if applicable, (viii) the fees and expenses incurred with respect to the listing of the Underwritten Securities, if applicable, and (ix) the filing fees incident to, and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Underwriters in connection with, the review, if any, by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (the "FINRA") of the terms of the sale of the Underwritten Securities.
(b) If the applicable Terms Agreement is terminated by the Representative(s) in accordance with the provisions of Section 5 or Section 9(a)(i) or 9(a)(ii) hereof, the Company and the Guarantor shall reimburse the Underwriters for all of their out-of-pocket expenses, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters.
Termination of Agreement.
SECTION 5. . The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Underwritten Securities pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement are subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company and the Guarantor contained in Section 1(a) hereof or in certificates of any officer of the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries delivered pursuant to the provisions hereof, to the performance by the Company and the Guarantor of their covenants and other obligations hereunder, and to the following further conditions:
Conditions of Underwriters' Obligations
(a) The Registration Statement has become effective under the 1933 Act; no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued under the 1933 Act and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or be pending or threatened by the Commission; any request on the part of the Commission for additional information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of counsel to the Underwriters; no notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations shall have been received by the Company or the Guarantor objecting to the use of the automatic shelf registration statement form; the Registration Statement is not the subject of a pending proceeding or examination under Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the 1933 Act, and neither the Company nor the Guarantor is the subject of a pending proceeding under Section 8A of the 1933 Act in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities. Each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus shall have been filed with the Commission (including the information required by Rule 430B of the 1933 Act Regulations) in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) of the 1933 Act Regulations without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8) of the 1933 Act Regulations, or a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement containing the information required by such Rule 430B shall have been filed, and such post-effective amendment shall have become effective. The Final Term Sheet and any other material required to be filed by the Company or the Guarantor pursuant to Rule 433(d) of the 1933 Act Regulations, shall have been filed with the Commission within the applicable time periods prescribed for such filings under such Rule 433.
Effectiveness of Registration Statement; No Objection from the FINRA; Filings.
(b) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received the favorable opinions, each dated as of Closing Time, of Maples and Calder, Cayman Islands counsel for the Guarantor, Conyers Dill & Pearman, Bermuda Counsel for the Guarantor, the Guarantor's General Counsel, and Mayer Brown LLP,
Opinions of Counsel for Company and Guarantor.
 
United States counsel for the Company and the Guarantor, in form and substance satisfactory to counsel for the Underwriters, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letters for each of the other Underwriters, to the effect set forth in: Exhibit B hereto with respect to the opinion of Maples and Calder; Exhibit C hereto with respect to the opinion of Conyers Dill & Pearman; Exhibit D hereto with respect to the opinion of the Guarantor's General Counsel and Exhibit E hereto with respect to the opinion of Mayer Brown LLP, and, as to each opinion, to such further effect as the Underwriters may reasonably request.
(c) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received the favorable opinion, dated as of Closing Time, of Sidley Austin , counsel for the Underwriters, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriters, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letter for each of the other Underwriters. In giving such opinion, such counsel may rely, as to all matters governed by the laws of jurisdictions other than the law of the State of New York, the federal law of the United States and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, upon the opinions of counsel satisfactory to the Representative(s). Such counsel may also state that, insofar as such opinion involves factual matters, they have relied, to the extent they deem proper, upon certificates of officers of the Company, the Guarantor and their respective subsidiaries and certificates of public officials.
Opinion of Counsel for Underwriters.
LLP
(d) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received a certificate of the President or a Vice President of the Company and of the chief financial officer or chief accounting officer of the Company, dated as of Closing Time, to the effect that (i) there has not been, since the date of the applicable Terms Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, any material adverse change, or any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (ii) the representations and warranties of the Company in Section 1(a) are true and correct with the same force and effect as though expressly made at and as of the Closing Time, (iii) the Company has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to the Closing Time, and (iv) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted, are pending or, to the best of such officer's knowledge, are threatened by the Commission.
Company Officers' Certificate.
(e) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received a certificate of either the Chairman, the President and Chief Executive Officer or the General Counsel and Secretary of the Guarantor and of either the chief financial officer, chief accounting officer or chief investment officer of the Guarantor, dated as of Closing Time, to the effect that, to the best of their knowledge and after reasonable investigation, (i) there has not been, since the date of the applicable Terms Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, any material adverse change, or any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business or results of operations of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (ii) the representations and warranties of the Guarantor in Section 1(a) are true and correct with the same force and effect as though expressly made at and as of the Closing Time, (iii) the Guarantor has complied
Guarantor Officers' Certificate.
 
with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to the Closing Time, and (iv) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted, are pending or are threatened by the Commission.
(f) At the time of the execution of the applicable Terms Agreement, the Representative(s) shall have received from Pricewaterhouse Coopers letters, each dated such date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative(s), together with signed or reproduced copies of such letters for each of the other Underwriters, containing statements and information of the type ordinarily included in accountants' "comfort letters" to underwriters with respect to the financial statements and certain financial information contained in the Registration Statement, the preliminary prospectus or prospectuses that are part of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.
Accountant's Comfort Letters.
LLP
(g) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received from Pricewaterhouse Coopers letters, each dated as of Closing Time, to the effect that they reaffirm the statements made in the letters furnished pursuant to subsection (f) of this Section 5, except that the specified date referred to shall be a date not more than three business days prior to the Closing Time.
Bring-down Comfort Letters.
LLP
(h) At Closing Time, the Underwritten Securities shall have the ratings accorded by any "nationally recognized statistical rating organization", as defined by the Commission for purposes of Rule 436(g)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations (each, a "Rating Organization"), if and as specified in the applicable Terms Agreement, and the Company and the Guarantor shall have delivered to the Representative(s) a letter, dated as of such date, from each such rating organization, or other evidence satisfactory to the Representative(s), confirming that the Underwritten Securities have such ratings. Since the time of execution of such Terms Agreement, there shall not have occurred a downgrading in, or withdrawal of, the rating assigned to the Underwritten Securities or any of the Guarantor's other securities or the Guarantor's financial strength or claims paying ability by any such Rating Organization, and no such Rating Organization shall have publicly announced that it has under surveillance or review with negative implications its rating of the Underwritten Securities or any of the Guarantor's other securities or the Guarantor's financial strength or claims paying ability.
Ratings.
(i) At Closing Time, the Underwritten Securities shall have been approved for listing, subject only to official notice of issuance, on the securities exchanges, if any, specified in the applicable Terms Agreement.
Approval of Listing.
(j) At Closing Time, counsel for the Underwriters shall have been furnished with such documents and opinions as they may require for the purpose of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities as herein contemplated, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the conditions, herein contained; and all proceedings taken by the Company and the Guarantor in connection with the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities and the Guarantee as herein contemplated shall be satisfactory in form and substance to the Representative(s) and counsel for the Underwriters.
Additional Documents.
 
(k) If any condition specified in this Section 5 shall not have been fulfilled when and as required to be fulfilled, the applicable Terms Agreement may be terminated by the Representative(s) by notice to the Company and the Guarantor at any time at or prior to the Closing Time, and such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except as provided in Section 4 and except that Sections 1, 6, 7 and 8 shall survive any such termination and remain in full force and effect.
Termination of Terms Agreement.
SECTION 6. .
Indemnification
(a) The Company and the Guarantor agree to jointly and severally indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter and each person, if any, who controls any Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act as follows:
Indemnification of Underwriters.
(1) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B Information deemed to be a part thereof, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact included in any preliminary prospectus, the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the information contained in the Final Term Sheet, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;
(2) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, to the extent of the aggregate amount paid in settlement of any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission; provided that (subject to Section 6(d) below) any such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company and the Guarantor; and
(3) against any and all expense whatsoever, as incurred (including the fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by the Representative(s)), reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission, to the extent that any such expense is not paid under (1) or (2) above;
, , that this indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense to the extent arising out of any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company or the Guarantor by any Underwriter through the Representative(s) expressly for use in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B Information deemed to be a part thereof or any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto).
provided
however
 
(b) Each Underwriter severally and not jointly agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, the Guarantor, their respective directors, each of their respective officers who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company or the Guarantor within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the indemnity contained in subsection (a) of this Section, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions, made in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B Information deemed to be a part thereof or any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company or the Guarantor by such Underwriter through the Representative(s) expressly for use in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto) or such preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto).
Indemnification of Company, Guarantor, Directors and Officers.
(c) Each indemnified party shall give notice as promptly as reasonably practicable to each indemnifying party of any action commenced against it in respect of which indemnity may be sought hereunder, but failure to so notify an indemnifying party shall not relieve such indemnifying party from any liability hereunder to the extent it is not materially prejudiced as a result thereof and in any event shall not relieve it from any liability which it may have otherwise than on account of this indemnity agreement. In the case of parties indemnified pursuant to Section 6(a) above, counsel to the indemnified parties shall be selected by the Representative(s), and, in the case of parties indemnified pursuant to Section 6(b) above, counsel to the indemnified parties shall be selected by the Guarantor. An indemnifying party may participate at its own expense in the defense of any such action; provided, however, that counsel to the indemnifying party shall not (except with the consent of the indemnified party) also be counsel to the indemnified party. In no event shall the indemnifying parties be liable for fees and expenses of more than one counsel (in addition to any local counsel) separate from their own counsel for all indemnified parties in connection with any one action or separate but similar or related actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified parties, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever in respect of which indemnification or contribution could be sought under this Section 6 or Section 7 hereof (whether or not the indemnified parties are actual or potential parties thereto), unless such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes an unconditional release of each indemnified party from all liability arising out of such litigation, investigation, proceeding or claim and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party.
Actions against Parties; Notification.
(d) If at any time an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel, such indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of the nature contemplated by Section 6(a)(2) effected without its written consent if (i) such
Settlement without Consent if Failure to Reimburse.
 
settlement is entered into more than 45 days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request, (ii) such indemnifying party shall have received notice of the terms of such settlement at least 30 days prior to such settlement being entered into and (iii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed such indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement.
SECTION 7. . If the indemnification provided for in Section 6 hereof is for any reason unavailable to or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the aggregate amount of such losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses incurred by such indemnified party, as incurred, (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, from the offering of the Underwritten Securities pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations.
Contribution
The relative benefits received by the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the total net proceeds from the offering of such Underwritten Securities (before deducting expenses) received by the Company and the total underwriting discount received by the Underwriters, in each case as set forth on the cover of the Prospectus bear to the aggregate initial public offering price of such Underwritten Securities as set forth on such cover.
The relative fault of the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any such untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or the Guarantor or by the Underwriters and the parties' relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission.
The Company, the Guarantor and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 7 were determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to above in this Section 7. The aggregate amount of losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses incurred by an indemnified party and referred to above in this Section 7 shall be deemed to include any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 7, no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total price at which the
 
Underwritten Securities underwritten by it and distributed to the public were offered to the public exceeds the amount of any damages which such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason of any such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.
No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.
For purposes of this Section 7, each person, if any, who controls an Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act shall have the same rights to contribution as such Underwriter, and each director of the Company and the Guarantor, each officer of the Company and the Guarantor who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company or the Guarantor within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company and the Guarantor. The Underwriters' respective obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 7 are several in proportion to the aggregate principal amount of Initial Underwritten Securities set forth opposite their respective names in the applicable Terms Agreement, and not joint.
SECTION 8. . All representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement or in certificates of officers of the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries submitted pursuant hereto or thereto shall remain operative and in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or controlling person, or by or on behalf of the Company or the Guarantor, and shall survive delivery of and payment for the Underwritten Securities.
Representations, Warranties and Agreements to Survive Delivery
SECTION 9. .
Termination
(a) The Representative(s) may terminate this Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement, by notice to the Company and the Guarantor, at any time at or prior to the Closing Time, if (i) there has been, since the time of execution of such Terms Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, any material adverse change, or any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (ii) there has been, since the time of execution of such Terms Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Prospectus, any material adverse change, or any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business or results of operations of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (iii) there has occurred any material adverse change in the financial markets in the United States or any outbreak of hostilities or escalation thereof or other calamity or crisis or any change or development involving a prospective change in national or international political, financial or economic conditions, in each case referred to in this clause (iii), the effect of which is such as to make it, in the judgment of the Representative(s), impracticable or inadvisable to market the Underwritten Securities or to enforce contracts for the sale of the Underwritten Securities, (iv) any downgrading in the rating of any debt securities of the
Terms Agreement.
 
Guarantor or the Company or the insurance claims paying ability rating or other insurance rating of the Guarantor or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, in each case by any "nationally recognized statistical rating organization" (as defined for purposes of Rule 436 (g) under the 1933 Act), or any public announcement that any such organization has under surveillance or review its rating of any debt securities of the Guarantor or the Company (other than an announcement with positive implications of a possible upgrading, and no implication of a possible downgrading, of such rating) or of the insurance claims paying ability or other insurance rating of the Guarantor or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, (v) trading in any securities of the Company or the Guarantor has been suspended or materially limited by the Commission or the New York Stock Exchange, or if trading generally on the New York Stock Exchange or the American Stock Exchange or in the Nasdaq National Market has been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices have been required, by either of said exchanges or by such system or by order of the Commission, the FINRA or any other governmental authority or a material disruption has occurred in commercial banking or securities settlement or clearance services in the United States or (vi) a banking moratorium has been declared by either U.S. Federal, New York or Bermuda authorities or, if the Underwritten Securities are denominated or payable in, or indexed to, one or more foreign or composite currencies, by the relevant authorities in the related foreign country or countries.
(b) If this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section 9, such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except as provided in Section 4 hereof, and provided further that Sections 1, 6, 7 and 8 shall survive such termination and remain in full force and effect.
Liabilities.
SECTION 10. . If one or more of the Underwriters shall fail at the Closing Time to purchase the Underwritten Securities which it or they are obligated to purchase under the applicable Terms Agreement (the "Defaulted Securities"), then the Representative(s) shall have the right, within 24 hours thereafter, to make arrangements for one or more of the non-defaulting Underwriters, or any other underwriters, to purchase all, but not less than all, of the Defaulted Securities in such amounts as may be agreed upon and upon the terms herein set forth; if, however, the Representative(s) shall not have completed such arrangements within such 24-hour period, then:
Default by One or More of the Underwriters
(a) if the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of Defaulted Securities does not exceed 10% of the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of Underwritten Securities to be purchased on such date pursuant to such Terms Agreement, the non-defaulting Underwriters shall be obligated, severally and not jointly, to purchase the full amount thereof in the proportions that their respective underwriting obligations under such Terms Agreement bear to the underwriting obligations of all non-defaulting Underwriters, or
(b) if the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of Defaulted Securities exceeds 10% of the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of Underwritten Securities to be purchased on such date pursuant to such Terms Agreement, such Terms Agreement shall terminate without liability on the part of any non-defaulting Underwriter.
 
No action taken pursuant to this Section 10 shall relieve any defaulting Underwriter from liability in respect of its default.
In the event of any such default which does not result in a termination of the applicable Terms Agreement, either the Representative(s) or the Company shall have the right to postpone the Closing Time for a period not exceeding seven days in order to effect any required changes in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or in any other documents or arrangements.
SECTION 11. . All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if mailed or transmitted by any standard form of telecommunication. Notices to the Underwriters shall be directed to the Representatives at the address specified in the applicable Terms Agreement; notices to the Company shall be directed to it at 436 Walnut Street, Philadelphia, PA 19106, attention of General Counsel; and notices to the Guarantor shall be directed to it at ACE Global Headquarters, 17 Woodbourne Avenue, Hamilton HM 08 Bermuda, attention of General Counsel and Secretary.
Notices
SECTION 12. . This Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement shall each inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and the Guarantor and, upon execution of such Terms Agreement, any Underwriters named therein and their respective successors. Nothing expressed or mentioned in this Underwriting Agreement or such Terms Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give any person, firm or corporation, other than the Underwriters, the Company, the Guarantor and their respective successors and the controlling persons and officers and directors referred to in Sections 6 and 7 and their heirs and legal representatives, any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Underwriting Agreement or such Terms Agreement or any provision herein or therein contained. This Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement and all conditions and provisions hereof and thereof are intended to be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto and thereto and their respective successors, and said controlling persons and officers and directors and their heirs and legal representatives, and for the benefit of no other person, firm or corporation. No purchaser of Underwritten Securities from any Underwriter shall be deemed to be a successor by reason merely of such purchase.
Parties
SECTION 13. . Each of the parties hereto hereby expressly and irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any competent court in the place of its domicile and any United States Federal or New York State court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York in any action, suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby to the extent that such court has subject matter jurisdiction over the controversy, and expressly and irrevocably waives, to the extent permitted under applicable law, any immunity from the jurisdiction thereof and any claim or defense in such action, suit or proceeding based on a claim of improper venue, or any similar basis to which it might otherwise be entitled in any such action, suit or proceeding. Each of the Company and the Guarantor irrevocably appoints ACE USA, Inc., 1133 Avenue of the Americas, 32
Consent to Jurisdiction; Miscellaneous
forum
non
conveniens
nd
Floor, New York, New York 10036, as its authorized agent in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York upon which process may be served in any such action, suit or proceeding, and agrees that service of process upon such agent, and written notice of said
 
service to the Company or the Guarantor by the person serving the same to the address provided in Section 11, shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon the Company or the Guarantor, as the case may be, in any such action, suit or proceeding. Each of the Company and the Guarantor further agrees to take any and all action as may be necessary to maintain such designation and appointment of such agent in full force and effect for a period of seven years from the date of this Underwriting Agreement.
SECTION 14. . To the extent that the Company or the Guarantor or any of their respective properties, assets or revenues may have or may hereafter become entitled to, or have attributed to them, any right of immunity, on the grounds of sovereignty, from any legal action, suit or proceeding, from set-off or counterclaim, from the jurisdiction of any court, from service of process, from attachment upon or prior to judgment, or from attachment in aid of execution of judgment, or from execution of judgment, other legal process or proceeding for the giving of any relief or for the enforcement of any judgment, in any jurisdiction in which proceedings may at any time be commenced, with respect to their obligations, liabilities or any other matter under or arising out of or in connection with this Underwriting Agreement or any additional agreement, each of the Company and the Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally, to the extent permitted by applicable law, waives and agrees not to plead or claim any such immunity and consents to such relief and enforcement.
Waiver of Immunities
SECTION 15. . The Company and the Guarantor jointly and severally agree to indemnify each Underwriter against any loss incurred by such Underwriter as a result of any judgment or order being given or made for any amount due hereunder and such judgment or order being expressed and paid in a currency (the "Judgment Currency") other than United States dollars and as a result of any variation as between (i) the rate of exchange at which the United States dollar amount is converted into the Judgment Currency for the purpose of such judgment or order, and (ii) the rate of exchange at which such Underwriter is able to purchase United States dollars with the amount of the Judgment Currency actually received by such Underwriter. The foregoing indemnity shall constitute a separate and independent obligation of each of the Company and the Guarantor and shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any such judgment or order as aforesaid. The term "rate of exchange" shall include any premiums and costs of exchange payable in connection with the purchase of, or conversion into, the relevant currency.
Judgment Currency
SECTION 16. . The Company and the Guarantor acknowledge and agree that (i) the purchase and issuance of the Underwritten Securities pursuant to this Agreement is an arm's-length commercial transaction between the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the several Underwriters, on the other, (ii) in connection therewith and with the process leading to such transaction each Underwriter is acting solely as a principal and not the agent or fiduciary of the Company or the Guarantor, (iii) no Underwriter has assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company or the Guarantor with respect to the offering contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether such Underwriter has advised or is currently advising the Company or the Guarantor on other matters) or any other obligation to the Company or the Guarantor except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement and (iv) the Company and the Guarantor have consulted their own legal and financial advisors to the extent they deemed appropriate. The Company and the Guarantor agree that they will not claim that the Underwriters, or any of them, has rendered advisory services of any nature or respect, or owes a fiduciary or similar duty to the Company or the Guarantor, in connection with such transaction or the process leading thereto.
No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility
 
SECTION 17. . THIS UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT AND ANY APPLICABLE TERMS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. SPECIFIED TIMES OF DAY REFER TO NEW YORK CITY TIME.
GOVERNING LAW AND TIME
SECTION 18. . The Article and Section headings herein and the Table of Contents are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.
Effect of Headings
 
 
Exhibit A
[-]
 
436 Walnut Street, WB12B
Philadelphia, PA 19106
ACE LIMITED
ACE Global Headquarters
17 Woodbourne Avenue
Hamilton HM 08, Bermuda
Ladies and Gentlemen:
We understand that ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware company (the "Company"), proposes to issue and sell $             aggregate principal amount of its [senior] [subordinated] debt securities (the "Underwritten Securities"), which will be unconditionally guaranteed as to payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest by ACE Limited, a Cayman Islands company. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth or incorporated by reference herein, the underwriter[s] named below (the "Underwriters") offer[s] to purchase [, severally and not jointly,] the principal amount of Underwritten Securities opposite [its] [their] name[s] set forth below at the purchase price set forth below.
 
The Underwritten Securities shall have the following terms:
Title:
Rank:
Ratings:
Aggregate principal amount:
Denominations:
Currency of payment:
Interest rate or formula:
Interest payment dates:
Regular record dates:
Stated maturity date:
Redemption provisions:
Sinking fund requirements:
Conversion or exchange provisions:
Guarantee Provisions:
Listing requirements:
Black-out provisions:
Fixed or Variable Price Offering: [Fixed] [Variable] Price Offering
If Fixed Price Offering, initial public offering price:     % of the principal amount, plus accrued interest [amortized original issue discount], if any, from .
                            
Purchase price: % of principal amount, plus accrued interest [amortized original issue discount], if any, from.
    
                            
Form:
Applicable Time:
Other terms and conditions:
Closing date and location:
Notices: Notice to the Underwriters shall be directed to the Representative(s) c/o:
        [
                            ]
All of the provisions contained in the document attached as Annex I hereto entitled "ACE INA HOLDINGS INC.Senior and Subordinated Debt Securities  Unconditionally Guaranteed
 
as to Payment of Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest by ACE LIMITED Underwriting Agreement" are hereby incorporated by reference in their entirety herein and shall be deemed to be a part of this Terms Agreement to the same extent as if such provisions had been set forth in full herein. Terms defined in such document are used herein as therein defined.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.
Please accept this offer no later than o'clock P.M. (New York City time) on by signing a copy of this Terms Agreement in the space set forth below and returning the signed copy to us.
        
                    
 
 
 
Schedule I
Final Term Sheet dated [-] (attached hereto as Schedule II)
 
Schedule II
 
The issuer has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents the issuer has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer and this offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC Web site at . Alternatively, [REPRESENTATIVE(S)] can arrange to send you the prospectus if you request it by calling or e-mailing [] at 1-800-[] or []@[].
www.sec.gov
    
    
    
    
 
Exhibit B
(i) The Guarantor has been duly incorporated and is validly existing and in good standing as an exempted company, under the laws of the Cayman Islands, and has the corporate power and corporate authority to own, lease and operate its property, and to conduct its business, as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and to enter into and perform its obligations under, or as contemplated under, the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement.
(ii) The authorized share capital of the Guarantor, as set out in its Memorandum and Articles of Association, conforms as to legal matters to the description thereof contained in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. All of the Guarantor's Ordinary Shares have been duly and validly authorized and issued by the Guarantor and are registered in the books of the Guarantor as fully paid. On the basis that the contractual subscription price of all such Ordinary Shares is fully paid in cash (or equivalent consideration approved by the Directors), such Ordinary Shares issued may properly be credited as fully paid under Cayman Islands law and, as the Guarantor has been established on the basis that the liability of its shareholders is limited to the amount, if any, unpaid on their Ordinary Shares (see Clause 5 of the Memorandum and Articles of Association), there is no rule of Cayman Islands law that would impose any further liability on persons holding Ordinary Shares in the Guarantor, merely by reason of such shareholding. So far as Cayman Islands law is concerned, the registered holders have good and valid title to their respective Ordinary Shares on the assumption that they have not entered into any liens, encumbrances, equities or claims which could give rise to any equitable interest on the part of any third party in respect of such Ordinary Shares. The holders of Ordinary Shares are not subject to any pre-emptive rights under the laws of the Cayman Islands or the Guarantor's Memorandum and Articles of Association.
(iii) The Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Guarantor.
(iv) The Guarantee has been duly authorized and delivered by the Guarantor for issuance and sale pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement.
(v) Each applicable Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Guarantor.
(vi) The execution and delivery by the Guarantor of, and the performance by the Guarantor of its obligations under, the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement and each applicable Indenture and any other agreement or instrument
 
entered into or issued or to be entered into or issued by the Guarantor in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and the consummation by the Guarantor of the transactions contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement do not and will not (A) violate any provision of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Guarantor; (B) contravene any provision of any law, public rule or regulation of the Cayman Islands applicable to the Guarantor; (C) to the best of such counsel's knowledge, contravene any existing published order or decree of the courts of the Cayman Islands by which the Guarantor is bound or by which its properties or assets may be affected; or (D) require any consent, approval or authorization or order of, or qualification with, any Cayman Islands governmental agency in connection with the offer and sale of the Underwritten Securities and the Guarantee.
(vii) To the best of such counsel's knowledge, but based only upon a search of the cause list at the offices of the Grand Courts of the Cayman Islands, there was no action, suit or proceeding to which the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries is a party or to which the assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries is subject, before the courts of the Cayman Islands at the close of business on [specify a recent date].
(viii) All statements made in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus with regard to statutes, regulations, rules, treaties and other laws of the Cayman Islands (including, but not limited to, insurance, regulatory and tax matters and the Companies Law (2002 Revision) of the Cayman Islands) and enforcement of judgments in the Cayman Islands are accurate.
(ix) Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, and to the extent that the laws of the Cayman Islands are relevant, the Guarantor has legally, validly, effectively and irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of the United States Federal and New York State courts sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York, State of New York, and has legally, validly and effectively appointed ACE USA, Inc. as the authorized agent of the Guarantor for the purposes described in Section 13 of the Underwriting Agreement assuming this to be the case as a matter of the applicable United States Federal and New York State laws.
(x) The choice of the laws of the State of New York, United States of America as the governing law of the Underwriting Agreement is a valid and effective choice of law and in an action brought before a court of competent jurisdiction in the Cayman Islands, the laws of the State of New York would, to the extent specifically pleaded and proved as a fact by expert evidence, be recognized and applied by such court to all issues concerning the formal and essential validity of each of the Underwriting Agreement and the Indenture and the interpretation thereof, except that in any such action such court will apply those laws of the Cayman Islands as such court characterizes as procedural, and will not apply those laws of the State of New York as such court characterizes as procedural.
(xi) Although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of a
 
judgment obtained in New York, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided such judgment is final, for a liquidated sum, not in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, and was not obtained in a manner and is not of a kind the enforcement of which is contrary to the public policy of the Cayman Islands. A Cayman Islands court may stay proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. For the purposes of enforcement of a judgment granted against the Guarantor in respect of the Underwriting Agreement or the Indenture, a court in the Cayman Islands would recognize the jurisdiction of the applicable federal or state court to the jurisdiction of which the Guarantor has submitted rendering such judgment if service of process on the Guarantor is effected pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of the Underwriting Agreement.
(xii) On the basis that the Guarantor carries on its business as set forth in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there is no requirement that it be licensed under the Insurance Law, 1979, as amended, of the Cayman Islands.
In rendering such opinion, such counsel may rely (A) as to matters involving the application of laws other than the laws of the Cayman Islands, to the extent such counsel deems proper and specified in such opinion, upon the opinion of other counsel whom such counsel believes to be reliable (which opinion shall be dated and furnished to the Representative(s) at the Closing Time, shall be satisfactory in form and substance to counsel for the Underwriters and shall expressly state that the Underwriters may rely on such opinion as if it were addressed to them), provided that such counsel shall state in their opinion that they believe that they and the Underwriters are justified in relying upon such opinion, and (B) as to matters of fact (but not as to legal conclusions), to the extent such counsel deems proper, on certificates of responsible officers of the Guarantor, its subsidiaries and public officials.
 
Exhibit C
(i) Each of ACE Bermuda Insurance Ltd., Corporate Officers and Directors Assurance Ltd., ACE Tempest Reinsurance Ltd., ACE Tempest Life Reinsurance Ltd. and ACE INA Overseas Insurance Company Ltd. (collectively, the "Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries") (A) is validly existing under the laws of Bermuda as a company with limited liability and is in good standing under the laws of Bermuda (meaning that such company has not failed to make any filing with any Bermuda government authority or to pay any Bermuda government fee or tax, the failure of which would make such company immediately liable to be struck off the Register of Companies and thereby cease to exist under the laws of Bermuda) and (B) the corporate objects and powers contained in the Memorandum of Association of each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries are sufficient to allow them to carry on their business and to own, lease and operate its properties as both are described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.
(ii) Based solely upon a certified copy of the Register of Members for each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries, and without further inquiry, (a) all of the issued shares in the share capital of each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries have been duly and validly authorized and issued and are fully paid and nonassessable (meaning that no further sums are required to be paid by the holders thereof in connection with the issue of such shares); and (b) the Guarantor is the direct or indirect registered holder of all the issued shares of each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries; and (c) based solely upon the Register of Charges, and without further inquiry, there are no registered liens, encumbrances, equities or claims in the Register of Charges in respect of those shares.
(iii) Each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries is duly registered as an insurer under the Insurance Act of 1978 (Bermuda) and the regulations promulgated thereunder (together, the "Insurance Act") and as so registered, each Bermuda Insurance Subsidiary may conduct that insurance business which it is described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus as carrying on; and, based solely on the Certificates of Compliance and without independent inquiry, each of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries has filed with the appropriate Bermuda governmental authority all reports, documents or other information required to be filed under the Insurance Act.
(iv) The execution and delivery by the Guarantor of, and the performance by the Guarantor of its obligations under, the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement and each applicable Indenture and any other agreement or instrument entered into or issued or to be entered into or issued by the Guarantor in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and the consummation by the Guarantor of the transactions contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement do not and will not (A) violate any provision of the Memorandum of Association or Bye-laws of each of the Bermuda Insurance
 
Subsidiaries; (B) contravene any provision of any of those laws, rules and regulations of Bermuda which, in such counsel's opinion, based upon such counsel's experience, are normally applicable to transactions of the type contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement, except that such counsel need not express any opinion in this paragraph with respect to Bermuda securities laws; (C) based solely upon the Cause Book and without further inquiry, contravene any judgment, order or decree by the Bermuda Supreme Court against the Guarantor or any of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries; (D) based solely upon the Register of Charges and without further inquiry, conflict with, result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, or give rise to any right to accelerate the maturity or require the prepayment of any registered charge recorded in the Register of Charges against the Guarantor or any of the Bermuda Insurance Subsidiaries; or (E) require any consent, approval or authorization or order of, or qualification with any Bermuda governmental agency, except such as have been obtained under the applicable securities laws of Bermuda in connection with the offer and sale of the Underwritten Securities.
(v) Based solely upon the Cause Book and without further inquiry, there is no action, suit or proceeding now pending before the Bermuda Supreme Court to which the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries is a party or to which the assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries is subject, other than certain actions set out in the opinion.
(vi) All statements (but excluding those statements forming a part of financial information or accounts) made in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and Prospectus with respect to statutes, regulations, rules, treaties and other laws of Bermuda (including, but not limited to, statements made with respect to the Insurance Act and Bermuda tax matters) are accurate in all material respects.
(vii) The choice of the law of the State of New York as the governing law of the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Indenture is a valid choice of law and would be recognized and given effect to in any action brought before a court of competent jurisdiction in Bermuda, except for those laws (A) that such court considers to be procedural in nature, (B) that are revenue or penal laws or (C) the application of which would be inconsistent with public policy, as such term is interpreted under the laws of Bermuda.
(viii) The courts of Bermuda would recognize as a valid judgment, a final and conclusive judgment in personam obtained in the courts of the State of New York and of the United States of America against the Guarantor based upon the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Indenture under which a sum of money is payable (other than a sum of money payable in respect of multiple damages, taxes or other charges of a like nature or in respect of a fine or other penalty) and would give a judgment based thereon provided that (A) such courts had proper jurisdiction over the parties subject to such judgment, (B) such courts did not contravene the rules of natural justice of Bermuda, (C) such judgment was not obtained by fraud, (D) the enforcement of the judgment would not be contrary to the public policy of Bermuda, (E) no new admissible
 
evidence relevant to the action is submitted prior to the rendering of the judgment by the courts of Bermuda and (F) there is due compliance with the correct procedures under the laws of Bermuda.
In rendering such opinion, such counsel may rely (A) as to matters involving the application of laws other than the laws of Bermuda, to the extent such counsel deems proper and specified in such opinion, upon the opinion of other counsel whom such counsel believes to be reliable (which opinion shall be dated and furnished to the Representative(s) at the Closing Time, shall be satisfactory in form and substance to counsel for the Underwriters and shall expressly state that the Underwriters may rely on such opinion as if it were addressed to them), provided that such counsel shall state in their opinion that they believe that they and the Underwriters are justified in relying upon such opinion, and (B) as to matters of fact (but not as to legal conclusions), to the extent such counsel deems proper, on certificates of responsible officers of the Guarantor, its subsidiaries and public officials.
 
Exhibit D
(i) The Guarantor is qualified to do business, and is in good standing, as a foreign corporation, under the laws of each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or its ownership or leasing of property requires such qualification, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or to be in good standing would not singly or in the aggregate result in a Material Adverse Change.
(ii) Each "significant subsidiary" of the Company (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated under the 1933 Act) and the Company is qualified to transact business and is in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions which recognize such concept) in each jurisdiction in which it owns or leases real property or in which the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified or to be in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions which recognize such concept) would not singly or in the aggregate result in a Material Adverse Change;
(iii) Except as set forth in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, such counsel does not know of any outstanding (A) securities or obligations of the Guarantor convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries; (B) rights, warrants or options to acquire or purchase from the Guarantor any shares of capital stock of the Guarantor or any such convertible or exchangeable securities or obligations; or (C) obligations or understandings of the Guarantor to issue or sell any shares of capital stock of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries, any such convertible or exchangeable securities or obligations, or any such warrants, rights or obligations.
(iv) To the best of such counsel's knowledge, and other than as disclosed in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no threatened legal proceedings against the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries that, if determined adversely to the Guarantor or such subsidiary, would result in a Material Adverse Change.
In rendering such opinion, such counsel may rely as to matters of fact (but not as to legal conclusions), to the extent such counsel deems proper, on certificates of responsible officers of the Company, the Guarantor, their respective subsidiaries and public officials.
 
Exhibit E
(i) Each of the Company and ACE USA, Inc. is duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.
(ii) The execution and delivery by the Company of, and the performance by the Company of its obligations under, the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement and the [each] applicable [Indenture] and any other agreement or instrument entered into or issued or to be entered into or issued by the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement do not and will not (A) contravene any provision of any United States federal or New York State law, rule or regulation, in each case which, in such counsel's opinion, based on such counsel's experience, are normally applicable to transactions of the type contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement ("United States Applicable Laws"), except that such counsel need not express any opinion in this paragraph with respect to state securities laws; (B) contravene any judgment, order or decree known to such counsel without independent inquiry of any United States federal or New York State court or governmental agency or body having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its subsidiaries or by which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is bound or by which their properties or assets may be affected; (C) conflict with, result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, or give rise to any right to accelerate the maturity or require the prepayment of any indebtedness or the purchase of any capital stock under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any properties or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, pursuant to the terms of, any agreement or instrument filed as an exhibit to the Guarantor's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K or any agreement or instrument otherwise known to such counsel to which the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to which any of the assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is subject, or the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Company or ACE USA, except for such conflicts, breaches, violations, defaults, accelerations, repayments, repurchases, liens, charges or encumbrances that would not singly or in the aggregate result in a Material Adverse Change; or (D) based upon such counsel's review of the United States Applicable Laws, require any consent, approval or authorization or order of, or qualification with, any United States federal or state governmental agency or authority or court, except such as have been obtained under the 1933 Act, the 1933 Act Regulations, the 1939 Act and the 1939 Act Regulations and such as may be required under state securities or blue sky laws or state insurance laws in connection with the offer and sale of the Underwritten Securities.
 
(iii) The Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company.
(iv) The Underwritten Securities have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company for issuance and sale pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement.
(v) The Underwritten Securities, when issued and authenticated in the manner provided for in the applicable Indenture and delivered against payment of the consideration therefor specified in such Terms Agreement, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), and except further as enforcement thereof may be limited by requirements that a claim with respect to any Debt Securities payable in a foreign or corporate currency (or a foreign or composite currency judgment in respect of such claim) be converted into U.S. dollars at a rate of exchange prevailing on a date determined pursuant to applicable law or by governmental authority to limit, delay or prohibit the making of payments outside the United States. The Underwritten Securities are in the form contemplated by, and each registered holder thereof is entitled to the benefits of, the [each] applicable Indenture.
(vi) Assuming the Guarantee has been duly authorized by the Guarantor for issuance and sale pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement, the Guarantee, when issued and delivered to the Underwriters in accordance with the provisions of the Underwriting Agreement, will constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor enforceable against the Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).
(vii) The [each] applicable Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and the Guarantor and (assuming the Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Guarantor and the applicable Trustee), the [each] applicable Indenture constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Company and the Guarantor, enforceable against the Company and the Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).
(viii) The Underwritten Securities, the Guarantee and the [each] applicable Indenture conform in all material respects to the statements relating thereto contained in
 
each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and are in substantially the form filed or incorporated by reference, as the case may be, as an exhibit to the Registration Statement.
(ix) Such counsel does not know, after inquiry of officers of the Company and the Guarantor and based solely on such inquiry, of any action, suit or proceeding before or by any United States federal or state government, governmental instrumentality or court now pending or threatened against or affecting the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) or any of their respective assets or properties that is required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus and is not so described or of any contract or other document that is required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or to be filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, that is not described or filed, as required.
(x) The statements in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus insofar as they are descriptions of contracts, agreements, instruments or the Company's Certificate of Incorporation or legal proceedings, or constitute statements or summaries of United States federal or New York State laws or legal conclusions with respect thereto, are accurate and present fairly the information required to be shown.
(xi) The discussion of tax matters set forth under the heading "Certain Tax Consequences" in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus contains the relevant and material provisions of present United States tax law applicable to the Underwritten Securities and the Guarantee and the statements thereunder are true and correct (subject to the qualifications and assumptions set forth in such discussion) as of the Closing Date.
(xii) The Registration Statement, including without limitation the Rule 430B Information, and the Prospectus, excluding the documents incorporated by reference therein, and each amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, excluding the documents incorporated by reference therein, as of their respective effective or issue dates (including without limitation each deemed effective date with respect to the Underwriters pursuant to Rule 430B(f)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations), other than the financial statements and supporting schedules and other financial data included therein or omitted therefrom, complied as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and the 1939 Act and the 1939 Act Regulations.
(xiii) The documents incorporated by reference in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (other than the financial statements and supporting schedules and other financial data included therein or omitted therefrom, as to which such counsel need express no opinion), when they became effective or were filed with the Commission, as the case may be, complied as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act, as applicable, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder.
(xiv) The [each] applicable Indenture has been duly qualified under the 1939 Act.
 
(xv) The Underwritten Securities, upon issuance, will be excluded or exempted under, or beyond the purview of, the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the "Commodity Exchange Act"), and the rules and regulations of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the Commodity Exchange Act (the "Commodity Exchange Act Regulations").
(xvi) The Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities as herein contemplated and the application of the net proceeds therefrom as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus will not be, an "investment company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act").
Such counsel shall also state that it has been advised by the Commission that the Registration Statement has become effective under the 1933 Act; that any required filings of each prospectus (including the Prospectus) pursuant to Rule 424(b) have been made in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) (without reference to Rule 424(b)(8)); any required filing of each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus pursuant to Rule 433 has been made in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 433(d); that, based solely on conversations with the Commission, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings for the purpose have been instituted, are pending or, to such counsel's knowledge, are contemplated under the 1933 Act; and that, to the best of such counsel's knowledge, neither the Company nor the Guarantor has received from the Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the 1933 Act objecting to the uses of the automatic shelf registration form, the Registration Statement is not the subject of a pending proceeding or examination under Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the 1933 Act and neither the Company nor the Guarantor is the subject of a pending proceeding under Section 8A of the 1933 Act in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities.
Such counsel shall also state that they have examined various documents and participated in conferences with representatives of the Company and the Guarantor and their accountants and with representatives of the Representative(s) and their counsel at which times the contents of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and related matters were discussed, and that, although they are not passing upon and assume no responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or fairness of the statements contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or making any representation that they have independently verified or checked the accuracy, completeness or fairness of such statements, except as set forth above, no facts have come to such counsel's attention that cause such counsel to believe that (i) the Registration Statement, at the most recent date with respect to the Underwriters pursuant to Rule 430B(f)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; (ii) the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, at the date of the Prospectus, at the date of any such amendment or supplement or at the Closing Time, included or includes any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or omits to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; or (iii) the Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time, included any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted
 
to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (such counsel need not express a belief with respect to the financial statements and supporting schedules and other financial data included in or omitted from the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto).
In rendering such opinion, such counsel may rely (A) as to matters involving the application of laws other than the laws of the State of New York, the corporate laws of the State of Delaware or the federal laws of the United States of America, to the extent such counsel deems proper and specified in such opinion, upon the opinion of other counsel whom such counsel believes to be reliable (which opinion shall be dated and furnished to the Representative(s) at the Closing Time, shall be satisfactory in form and substance to counsel for the Underwriters and shall expressly state that the Underwriters may rely on such opinion as if it were addressed to them), provided that such counsel shall state in their opinion that they believe that they and the Underwriters are justified in relying upon such opinion, and (B) as to matters of fact (but not as to legal conclusions), to the extent such counsel deems proper, on certificates of responsible officers of the Company, its subsidiaries and public officials.
 

Exhibit 1.2
May 12, 2008
 
436 Walnut Street, WB12B
Philadelphia, PA 19106
ACE LIMITED
ACE Global Headquarters
17 Woodbourne Avenue
Hamilton HM 08, Bermuda
Ladies and Gentlemen:
We understand that ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware company (the "Company"), proposes to issue and sell $450,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its senior debt securities (the "Underwritten Securities"), which will be unconditionally guaranteed as to payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest by ACE Limited, a Cayman Islands company. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth or incorporated by reference herein, the underwriters named below (the "Underwriters") offer to purchase, severally and not jointly, the principal amount of Underwritten Securities opposite their names set forth below at the purchase price set forth below.
The Underwritten Securities shall have the following terms:
 
 
Notices: Notice to the Underwriters shall be directed to the Representative(s) c/o:
Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
Attention: Jack McSpadden
388 Greenwich Street
New York, New York 10013
J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.
Attention: Maria Sramek
9
th
Floor
270 Park Avenue
New York, New York 10017
Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC
Attention: Timothy Reid
One Wachovia
301 South College Street
Charlotte, North Carolina 28288
All of the provisions contained in the document attached as Annex I hereto entitled "ACE INA HOLDINGS INC.Senior and Subordinated Debt Securities  Unconditionally Guaranteed as to Payment of Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest by ACE LIMITED Underwriting Agreement" are hereby incorporated by reference in their entirety herein and shall be deemed to be a part of this Terms Agreement to the same extent as if such provisions had been set forth in full herein. Terms defined in such document are used herein as therein defined.
 
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.
 
Please accept this offer no later than 8 o'clock P.M. (New York City time) on May 12, 2008 by signing a copy of this Terms Agreement in the space set forth below and returning the signed copy to us.
 
 
 
Schedule I
Final Term Sheet dated May 12, 2008 (attached hereto as Schedule II)
 
Schedule II
 
A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time.
Note:
The issuer and the guarantor have filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents the issuer and the guarantor have filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer, the guarantor and this offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC Web site at Alternatively, the issuer, any underwriter or any dealer participating in the offering will arrange to send you the prospectus if you request it by calling Citigroup Global Markets Inc. toll free at 1-877-858-5407, J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. at 1-212-834-4533 (collect), or Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC at 1-866-326-5897 or by e-mail at: syndicate.ops@wachovia.com.
www.sec.gov.
 
Any disclaimers or other notices that may appear below are not applicable to this communication and should be disregarded. Such disclaimers or other notices were automatically generated as a result of this communication being sent via Bloomberg or another email system.
 

Form of 5.60% Senior Notes due 2015
EX-4.1 4 dex41.htm FORM OF 5.60% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2015
Exhibit 4.1
THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITORY (AS DEFINED IN THE INDENTURE) OR A NOMINEE THEREOF. THIS GLOBAL SECURITY IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR SECURITIES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITORY OR ITS NOMINEE ONLY IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE AND, UNLESS AND UNTIL IT IS EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR SECURITIES IN DEFINITIVE FORM, THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITORY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY, OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY TO THE DEPOSITORY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY, OR BY THE DEPOSITORY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITORY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR DEPOSITORY.
UNLESS THIS SECURITY IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION ("DTC"), TO THE COMPANY (AS DEFINED BELOW) OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY SECURITY ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC) ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.
 
ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter called the "Company", which term includes any successor corporation under the Indenture referred to below), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns, the principal sum of Four Hundred Fifty Million Dollars ($450,000,000) on May 15, 2015 and to pay interest thereon from May 19, 2008 or from the most recent interest payment date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, payable semi-annually on May 15 and November 15 in each year (each, an "Interest Payment Date"), commencing November 15, 2008, at the rate of 5.60% per annum, until the principal hereof (and any Additional Amounts (as defined below)) is paid or duly made available for payment. Interest on this Note shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. If any Interest Payment Date or the maturity date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the required payment shall be made on the next Business Day as if it were
 
made on the date such payment was due and no interest shall accrue on the amount so payable for the period from and after such Interest Payment Date or the maturity date, as the case may be, to such next Business Day. The interest so payable and punctually paid or duly provided for on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in such Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Note (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the regular record date for such interest, which shall be May 1 or November 1 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, next preceding such Interest Payment Date. Any such interest which is payable, but is not punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date shall forthwith cease to be payable to the registered Holder hereof on the relevant regular record date by virtue of having been such Holder, and may be paid to the Person in whose name this Note (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on a subsequent special record date (which shall be at least 10 days before the payment date) for the payment of such defaulted interest to be fixed by the Company, notice whereof shall be given to the Holders of Notes of this series not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date, or may be paid at any time in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which the Notes may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided in such Indenture. Any interest paid on this Note shall be increased to the extent necessary to pay Additional Amounts as set forth in this Note.
Payment of the principal of, interest on or any Redemption Price or Additional Amounts in respect of this Note will be made at the office or agency of the Company and the Guarantor (as defined below) maintained for that purpose in The Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts; provided, however, that, at the option of the Company or the Guarantor, interest may be paid by check mailed to the address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Security Register; provided, further, that payment to DTC or any successor Depository may be made by wire transfer to the account designated by DTC or such successor depository in writing.
This Note is one of a duly authorized issuance of securities of the Company (herein called the "Notes"), fully and unconditionally guaranteed as to payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest by ACE Limited, a Cayman Islands company (the "Guarantor"), issued and to be issued in one or more series under an Indenture, dated as of August 1, 1999 (herein called, together with all indentures supplemental thereto, the "Indenture"), among the Company, the Guarantor and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association and The First National Bank of Chicago), as Trustee (herein called the "Trustee", which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), to which the Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto referenced is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Guarantor, the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes, and of the terms upon which the Notes are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. This Note is one of the series designated on the face hereof, initially limited (subject to exceptions provided in the Indenture) to the aggregate principal amount specified in the Officer's Certificate, dated May 12, 2008, establishing the terms of the Notes pursuant to the Indenture.
 
The Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company. The Company's obligation to pay the principal of, interest on or any Additional Amounts in respect of the Notes is unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Guarantor pursuant to Article 16 of the Indenture.
If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes shall occur and be continuing, the principal of the Notes may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture.
The Indenture contains provisions permitting, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Company or the Guarantor and the rights of the Holders of the Securities of each series issued under the Indenture at any time by the Company, the Guarantor and the Trustee with the written consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Securities at the time Outstanding of each series affected thereby. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified percentages in aggregate principal amount of the Securities of any series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Company or the Guarantor with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Note shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Notes issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note.
This Note is not subject to any sinking fund.
No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of, interest on or any Redemption Price or any Additional Amounts in respect of this Note, at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein and in the Indenture prescribed.
As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations set forth therein and in this Note, the transfer of this Note may be registered on the Security Register upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Company and the Guarantor maintained for that purpose in any place where the principal of, interest on or any Additional Amounts in respect of this Note are payable, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly executed by, the Holder hereof or by his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Notes of this series and of like tenor, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees.
The Notes are issuable only in registered form without coupons in the denominations specified in the Officer's Certificate, dated May 12, 2008, establishing the terms of the Notes, all as more fully provided in the Indenture and such Officer's Certificate. As provided in the Indenture and in such Officer's Certificate, and subject to certain limitations set forth in the Indenture, such Officer's Certificate and in this Note, the Notes are exchangeable for a like
 
aggregate principal amount of Notes of this series in different authorized denominations, as requested by the Holders surrendering the same.
No service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith, other than in certain cases provided in the Indenture.
Prior to due presentment of this Note for registration of transfer, the Company, the Guarantor, the Trustee and any agent of the Company, the Guarantor or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Note is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Note be overdue, and neither the Company, the Guarantor, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.
The Notes are redeemable as a whole or in part, at the Company's option at any time, at a Redemption Price equal to the greater of (i) 100 percent of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed or (ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon (excluding interest accrued to the Redemption Date) and discounted to Redemption Date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the applicable Treasury Rate plus 35 basis points, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount being redeemed to the Redemption Date.
"Treasury Rate" means, with respect to any Redemption Date, (1) the yield, under the heading which represents the average for the immediately preceding week, appearing in the most recently published statistical release designated "H.15(519)" or any successor publication which is published weekly by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and which establishes yields on actively traded United States Treasury securities adjusted to constant maturity under the caption "Treasury Constant Maturities," for the maturity corresponding to the Comparable Treasury Issue (if no maturity is within three months before or after the Remaining Life, yields for the two published maturities most closely corresponding to the Comparable Treasury Issue will be determined and the Treasury Rate will be interpolated or extrapolated from such yields on a straight line basis, rounding to the nearest month) or (2) if such release (or any successor release) is not published during the week preceding the calculation date or does not contain such yields, the rate per year equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield-to-maturity of the Comparable Treasury Issue, calculated using a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Treasury Price for such Redemption Date. The Treasury Rate will be calculated on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date.
"Business Day" means any calendar day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday in New York, New York, and on which commercial banks are open for business in New York, New York.
"Comparable Treasury Issue" means the United States Treasury security selected by an Independent Investment Banker as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the notes to be redeemed.
 
"Comparable Treasury Price" means (1) the average of four Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such Redemption Date, after excluding the highest and lowest Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (2) if the Independent Investment Banker obtains fewer than four such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all such quotations.
"Independent Investment Banker" means Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. or Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC and their respective successors, or, if all such firms are unwilling or unable to select the Comparable Treasury Issue, an independent investment banking institution of national standing appointed by the Company.
"Reference Treasury Dealer" means each of (1) J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. and its respective successors; provided, however, that if the foregoing shall cease to be a primary U.S. Government securities dealer in New York City, which we refer to as a "Primary Treasury Dealer," the Company will substitute another Primary Treasury Dealer and (2) any two other Primary Treasury Dealers selected by the Independent Investment Banker after consultation with the Company.
"Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer and Redemption Date, the average, as determined by the Independent Investment Banker, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Independent Investment Banker at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the third Business Day preceding such Redemption Date.
All payments on this Note will be made without withholding of any present or future taxes or governmental charges of the jurisdiction of the Company's organization or principal executive offices (each, a "Taxing Jurisdiction"), unless the Company is required to do so by applicable law or regulation.
If the Company is required to withhold amounts, it will, subject to the limitations described below, pay to the Holder of this Note additional amounts so that every net payment made to the Holder of this Note, after the withholding, will be the same amount provided for in this Note and the Indenture ("Additional Amounts").
The Company will not be required to pay any Additional Amounts for (1) any tax or governmental charge which would not have been imposed but for the fact that the Holder of this Note: (a) was a resident of, or engaged in business or maintained a permanent establishment or was physically present in, the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction or otherwise had some connection with the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction other than the mere ownership of, or receipt of payment on, this Note, (b) presented this Note for payment in the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction, unless this Note could not have been presented for payment elsewhere, or (c) presented this Note for payment more than 30 days after the date on which the payment became due unless the Holder of this Note would have been entitled to these Additional Amounts if the Holder of this Note had presented this Note for payment within the 30-day period; (2) any estate, inheritance, gift, sale, transfer, personal property or similar tax or other governmental charge; (3) any tax or other governmental charge that is imposed or withheld because of failure by the Holder of this Note to comply with any reasonable request by the Company: (a) to provide information concerning the nationality, residence or identity of the Holder of this Note or that of the beneficial owner of this
 
Note; or (b) to make any claim or satisfy any information or reporting requirement, which in either case is required by the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction as a precondition to exemption from all or part of the tax or other governmental charge; or (4) any combination of items (1), (2) or (3) above.
The Company will not pay Additional Amounts if the Holder of this Note is a fiduciary or partnership or other than the sole beneficial owner of this Note if the beneficiary or partner or settlor would not have been entitled to the Additional Amounts had it been the holder of this Note.
The Company will be entitled to redeem this Note, at its option, at any time as a whole but not in part, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice, at 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest (if any) to the Redemption Date (subject to the right of holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant Interest Payment Date), in the event that the Company or the Guarantor has become or would become obligated to pay, on the next date on which any amount would be payable with respect to this Note, any Additional Amounts as a result of: (1) a change in or an amendment to the laws (including any regulations promulgated thereunder) of a Taxing Jurisdiction, which change or amendment is announced after May 12, 2008; or (2) any change in or amendment to any official position regarding the application or interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment is announced after May 12, 2008, and, in each case, the Company or the Guarantor, as applicable, cannot avoid such obligation by taking reasonable measures available to it.
The Indenture contains provisions whereby (i) the Company and the Guarantor may be discharged from their obligations with respect to the Notes (subject to certain exceptions) or (ii) the Company and the Guarantor may be released from their obligations under specified covenants and agreements in the Indenture, in each case if the Company or the Guarantor irrevocably deposits with the Trustee money or Government Obligations, or a combination thereof, in an amount sufficient, without consideration of any reinvestment, to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness on all Notes of this series, and satisfies certain other conditions, all as more fully provided in the Indenture.
This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements and instruments made and to be performed wholly within such State.
All terms used in this Note without definition that are defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.
 
Unless the Certificate of Authentication hereon has been executed by or on behalf of the Trustee under the Indenture by the manual signature of one of its authorized officers, this Note shall not be entitled to any benefits under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed under its corporate seal.
 
This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.
Dated: May 19, 2008
 
 
 
The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription on the face of this instrument, shall be construed as though they were written out in full according to applicable laws or regulations:
 
 
 
 
Additional abbreviations may also be used though not in the above list.
 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned registered holder hereby sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) unto
[PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE]
[PLEASE PRINT OR TYPEWRITE NAME AND ADDRESS OF ASSIGNEE]
the within Note and all rights thereunder, hereby irrevocably constituting and appointing ______________________ _______________________________________________________________________________ to transfer said Note on the books of the Company with full power of substitution in the premises.
 
Dated: _____________________________
Signature: __________________________
 
 
Signatures must be guaranteed by an "eligible guarantor institution" meeting the requirements of the Trustee, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program ("STAMP") or such other "signature guarantee program" as may be determined by the Trustee in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
 

Exhibit 5.1
MAPLES
Our ref        GWG/011166/14337171v1
Your ref
 
15 May 2008
Dear Sirs
ACE Limited
We have acted as Cayman Islands legal advisers to ACE Limited (the "") in connection with the Company's registration statement on Form S-3, including all amendments or supplements thereto (the ""), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, relating, to the offering and sale, inter alia, of debt securities of ACE INA Holdings Inc. ("") guaranteed by the Company, in one or more offerings up to an aggregate initial offering price of US$1,500,000,000 and in connection with the offer and sale by ACE INA of $450,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.60% Senior Notes due 2015 (the "") fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company.
Company
Registration Statement
ACE INA
Notes
We are furnishing this opinion as Exhibit 5.1 to the Registration Statement.
 
For the purposes of this opinion, we have reviewed only originals, copies or final drafts of the following documents:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The following opinion is given only as to, and based on, circumstances and matters of fact existing and known to us on the date of this opinion. This opinion only relates to the laws of the Cayman Islands which are in force on the date of this opinion. In giving this opinion we have relied (without further verification) upon the completeness and accuracy of the Officer's Certificate and the Certificate of Good Standing. We have also relied upon the following assumptions, which we have not independently verified:
 
 
 
 
 
 
Based upon, and subject to, the foregoing assumptions and the qualifications set out below, and having regard to such legal considerations as we deem relevant, we are of the opinion that:
 
 
 
 
Except as specifically stated herein, we make no comment with respect to any representations and warranties which may be made by or with respect to the Company in any of the documents or instruments cited in this opinion or otherwise with respect to the commercial terms of the transactions the subject of this opinion.
We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference of this opinion as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. In the giving our consent, we do not thereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Act or the Rules and Regulations of the Commission thereunder.
Yours faithfully,
/s/ Maples and Calder
 
15 May 2008
 
Dear Sirs
ACE Limited (the "")
Company
I, Robert F. Cusumano, being an officer of the Company, am aware that you are being asked to provide a legal opinion (the "") in relation to certain aspects of Cayman Islands law. Capitalised terms used in this certificate have the meaning given to them in the Opinion. I hereby certify that:
Opinion
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
I confirm that you may continue to rely on this Certificate as being true and correct on the day that you issue the Opinion unless I shall have previously notified you personally to the contrary.
 
 

Exhibit 5.2
Mayer Brown LLP
71 South Wacker Drive
Chicago, Illinois 60606-4637
Main Tel (312) 782-0600
Main Fax (312) 701-7711
www.mayerbrown.com
 
 
ACE INA Holdings Inc.
Registration Statement on Form S-3
Dear Ladies and Gentlemen:
We have represented ACE Limited ("ACE"), a Cayman Islands company limited by shares, and ACE INA Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("ACE INA") in connection (i) with the preparation and filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, of a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (the "Registration Statement") relating to, among other things ACE INA's Debt Securities, which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed (the "Guarantee") by ACE and (ii) the offer and sale of $450,000,000 aggregate principal amount of ACE INA's 5.60% Senior Notes due 2015 (the "Notes").
In rendering the opinions expressed herein, we have examined (i) the Indenture, dated as of August 1, 1999 (the "Indenture"), among ACE, ACE INA and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association and The First National Bank of Chicago), as trustee (the "Trustee"); (ii) the Notes and (iii) the Guarantee.
In addition, we have examined such other documents, certificates and opinions, and have made such further investigation as we have deemed necessary or appropriate for the purposes of the opinions expressed below. In expressing the opinions set forth below, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the conformity to the originals of all documents reviewed by us as copies, the authenticity and completeness of all original documents reviewed by us in original or copy form and the legal competence of each individual executing any document. As to all parties other than ACE INA, we have assumed the due authorization, execution and delivery of all documents, and, with respect to all parties other than ACE INA and ACE, we have assumed the validity and enforceability of all documents against all parties thereto, other than the ACE INA and ACE, in accordance with their respective terms.
Mayer Brown LLP
May 15, 2008
Page 2
As to questions of fact material to our opinions (but not as to legal conclusions), we have, to the extent we deemed such reliance appropriate, relied upon certificates and other statements of officers of ACE INA and ACE and of public officials issued with respect to ACE INA and ACE.
Based upon and subject to the foregoing, and having regard for legal considerations which we deem relevant, we are of the opinion that:
(i) ACE INA is duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware;
(ii) The Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by ACE INA and (assuming the Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by ACE and the Trustee), the Indenture constitutes a valid and binding agreement of ACE INA and ACE, enforceable against ACE INA and ACE in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law);
(iii) The Notes have been duly authorized and executed by ACE INA and, assuming the due authentication thereof in the manner provided for in the Indenture and delivery against payment of the consideration therefor, constitute valid and binding obligations of ACE INA, enforceable against ACE INA in accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law);
(iv) Assuming the Guarantee has been duly authorized by ACE under Cayman Islands law, the Guarantee constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of ACE enforceable against ACE in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law);
We are admitted to practice in the States of Illinois and New York and our opinions expressed herein are limited solely to the Federal laws of the United States of America, the corporate laws of the State of Delaware and the laws of the States of Illinois and New York, and we express no opinion herein concerning the laws of any other jurisdiction.
Mayer Brown LLP
May 15, 2008
Page 3
The opinions and statements expressed herein are as of the date hereof. We assume no obligation to update or supplement this opinion letter to reflect any facts or circumstances that may hereafter come to our attention or any changes in applicable law which may hereafter occur.
We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference of this opinion as an exhibit to the Registration Statement and to all references to this firm in such Registration Statement.
 
ESB:AET


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20080610160225.txt.gz
TIME:20080610160225
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement	Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On June 6, 2008, the Company entered into an amendment to the Amended and Restated Rights Agreement (the "Rights Agreement"), between the Company and Mellon Investor Services LLC, as Rights Agent. The amendment effectively terminates the Rights Agreement and the associated preference share purchase rights on the date of the de-registration of the Company in the Cayman Islands. This termination is being accomplished by accelerating the final expiration date of the plan. The amendment to the rights agreement accomplishing such early termination shall become effective at such time as proposals nos. 2, 3, 4 and 5 as identified in the Company's proxy statement/prospectus dated May 30, 2008 are approved by the shareholders at the Company's 2008 Annual General Meeting, which is scheduled to commence on July 10, 2008. Assuming those proposals are approved on July 10, 2008, it is currently contemplated that the de-registration of the Company in the Cayman Islands will occur on or about July 15, 2008. The Company has reserved the right to revoke this termination amendment prior to the de-registration of the Company in the Cayman Islands. The rights plan previously had been scheduled to expire on June 1, 2009.
A copy of the amendment of the Rights Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 4.1 and incorporated by reference. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated by reference.
 
See Item 1.01 above which is incorporated herein by reference.
 
See Item 1.01 above which is incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: June 9, 2008

Exhibit 4.1
THIS AMENDMENT (this "") is dated as of June 6, 2008 and amends the Amended and Restated Rights Agreement (the ""), dated as of December 20, 2001, between ACE Limited, a Cayman Islands company (the ""), and Mellon Investor Services LLC, as Rights Agent (the "").
Amendment
Rights Agreement
Company
Rights Agent
WHEREAS, the Company and the Rights Agent have heretofore executed and entered into the Rights Agreement.
WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 27 of the Rights Agreement, from time to time the Company may, and the Rights Agent shall if the Company so directs, supplement and amend the Rights Agreement.
WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company has determined that an amendment to the Rights Agreement as set forth herein is necessary and desirable in connection with the foregoing and the Company desires to evidence such amendment in writing.
WHEREAS, all acts and things necessary to make this Amendment a valid agreement, enforceable according to its terms have been done and performed, and the execution and delivery of this Amendment by the Company have been in all respects duly authorized by the Company.
Accordingly, the parties agree as follows:
1. Amendment of Final Expiration Date.
(a) The definition of "Final Expiration Date" set forth in Section 1 of the Rights Agreement is hereby amended to read in its entirety as follows:
"" shall be the date of the de-registration of the Company in the Cayman Islands.
Final Expiration Date
(b) Section 7(a) of the Rights Agreement is amended to read in its entirety as follows:
Subject to Section 7(e) hereof, the registered holder of any Right Certificate may exercise the Rights evidenced thereby (except as otherwise provided herein including, without limitation, the restrictions on exercisability set forth in Sections 11(a)(iii), 23(a) and 24(b) hereof) in whole or in part at any time after the Distribution Date upon surrender of the Right Certificate, with the form of election to purchase on the reverse side thereof duly executed, to the Rights Agent at the office of the Rights Agent designated for such purpose, together with payment of the Exercise Price with respect to each surrendered Right for the total number of Preference Shares (or other securities or property, as the case may be) as to which the Rights are exercised, at or prior to the earliest of (i) the Final Expiration Date, (ii) the time at which the Rights are redeemed as provided in Section 23 hereof (the "Redemption Date") or (iii) the time at which all exercisable Rights are exchanged by the Company as provided in Section 24 hereof (such earliest date being herein referred to as the "Expiration Date").
(c) The references to June 1, 2009 in the Form of Rights Certificate attached as to the Rights Agreement and in the Summary of Shareholder Rights Plan attached as to the Rights Agreement are amended to read as the Final Expiration Date pursuant to this Amendment.
Exhibit B
Exhibit C
(d) The Company shall provide written notice to the Rights Agent of the Final Expiration Date.
2. Effectiveness. This Amendment shall become effective at such time as proposals nos. 2, 3, 4 and 5 as identified in the Company's proxy statement/prospectus dated May 30, 2008 are approved by the shareholders at the Company's 2008 Annual General Meeting. Prior to the effectiveness of the de-registration of the Company in the Cayman Islands, the Company may revoke this Amendment. The Company shall provide to the Rights Agent written notice of the effective date promptly after its occurrence.
3. Direction to the Rights Agent. By its execution and delivery hereof, the Company directs the Rights Agent to execute this Amendment.
4. Miscellaneous. This Amendment shall be deemed to be a contract under the laws of the State of New York and for all purposes shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of such State applicable to contracts to be made and performed entirely within such State. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Amendment is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or other authority to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Amendment shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be effected, impaired or invalidated. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, or unless the context otherwise requires, all terms used herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Rights Agreement.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
HAMILTON, Bermuda  June 9, 2008  ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) announced today that it will terminate the ACE Limited shareholder rights plan in conjunction with the Company's re-domestication to Switzerland. This termination will be accomplished by an amendment accelerating the final expiration date of the plan to the date of the de-registration of the Company in the Cayman Islands. The amendment will become effective after the Company's shareholders approve the Company's re-domestication from the Cayman Islands to Switzerland, which is being voted on at the Company's 2008 Annual General Meeting commencing on July 10, 2008. Assuming those proposals are approved, it is currently contemplated that the de-registration of the Company in the Cayman Islands will occur on or about July 15, 2008. The Company has reserved the right to revoke this termination amendment prior to its implementation. The rights plan previously had been scheduled to expire on June 1, 2009.
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, a component of the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, the ACE Group of Companies conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acelimited.com


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20080710092944.txt.gz
TIME:20080710092944
EVENTS:	Regulation FD Disclosure
TEXT:
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
. At the Company's annual general meeting on July 10, 2008, the Company's shareholders approved the proposals (i) to amend the Company's Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association to permit the de-registration of the Company from the Cayman Islands, (ii) to amend the Company's Articles of Association to require the Company to prepare and provide to shareholders not less than annually an unconsolidated balance sheet of the Company valuing the Company's investment in its subsidiaries on a "mark-to market" basis, (iii) to change the par value of the Company's Ordinary Shares, as further described in the Company's proxy statement/prospectus dated May 30, 2008, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) on May 30, 2008 (the "Proxy Statement/ Prospectus"), and (iv) to approve the de-registration of the Company from the Cayman Islands and the Company's continuation to Zurich, Switzerland. The Company's annual general meeting was then adjourned until Monday, July 14, 2008, at 8 a.m. Atlantic time, as contemplated in the Proxy Statement/ Prospectus.
Shareholders Approve Resolutions to Facilitate ACE Re-Domestication
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20080714060417.txt.gz
TIME:20080714060417
EVENTS:	Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In connection with the Company's redomestication from the Cayman Islands to Switzerland, the shareholders of the Company on July 10, 2008 approved an amendment to the Company's Memorandum of Association that changed the share capital of the Company to CHF 16,870,000,000 divided into 500,000,000 Ordinary Shares, par value of CHF 33.74 per share, as further described in the Company's proxy statement/prospectus dated May 30, 2008, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) on May 30, 2008, under the heading "Proposal No. 4: Amendment of Memorandum of Association to Facilitate Change of Par Value", which is hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
As required by the recent amendment to the Company's Articles of Association, the Company prepared an audited special purpose unconsolidated balance sheet valuing the investment in the Company's subsidiaries based on a "mark-to-market" basis with the increase in fair value resulting in an increase to retained earnings. A copy of that balance sheet is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.
 
(d) Exhibits
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: July 14, 2008

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
ACE Limited (ACE or the Company) is the holding company of the ACE group of companies that, through its subsidiaries, provides a broad range of insurance and reinsurance products to insured's worldwide. The accompanying unconsolidated balance sheet of ACE has been prepared in connection with the Company's proposed change in jurisdiction from the Cayman Islands to Switzerland (the Continuation). Details of the proposed Continuation are set forth in the Company's proxy statement/prospectus (the Proxy Statement) filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 30, 2008.
 
 
The accompanying unconsolidated balance sheet has been prepared in accordance with Article 102 of ACE Limited's Articles of Incorporation (the Articles), approved by the Company's shareholders on July 10, 2008, as an amendment to the existing Articles by a Special Resolution. This basis of preparation follows accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (US GAAP), except for the valuation of investment in subsidiaries and affiliates, and related adjustments to retained earnings, as described in Note 2.
The unconsolidated balance sheet does not take the place of consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with US GAAP or any unconsolidated financial information required to be contained in periodic reports filed by the Company with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
 
Investments in subsidiaries and affiliates is calculated on a "mark-to-market" basis by multiplying the number of outstanding ordinary shares of ACE Limited by the closing stock price as quoted on the New York Stock Exchange at July 10, 2008. Change in carrying value is recorded in retained earnings. Under US GAAP, investments in subsidiaries and affiliates are recorded on an equity basis. The change in carrying value from using a "mark-to-market" rather than equity basis in the accompanying balance sheet results in a corresponding change in retained earnings.
 
Short-term investments comprise securities due to mature within one year of the date of purchase. Carrying value approximates fair value.
Other investments is principally comprised of trading securities. Trading securities are recorded on a trade date basis and carried at fair value with changes in fair value reflected in net income.
 
Cash includes cash on hand and deposits with an original maturity of three months or less at time of purchase. Cash managed by external managers are included in short-term investments.
 
The Company recognizes all derivatives as either assets or liabilities in the balance sheet which are measured at the fair value of the instrument. The Company did not designate any derivatives as accounting hedges during 2008.
 
The Company maintains positions in credit default swaps to mitigate global credit risk exposure. A credit default swap is a bilateral contract under which two counterparties agree to isolate and separately trade the credit risk of at least one third-party reference entity. At July 10, 2008, the notional principal amount was $395 million and the market value was $18 million. Under a credit default swap agreement, a protection buyer pays a periodic fee to a protection seller in exchange for a contingent payment by the seller upon a credit event (such as a default or failure to pay) related to the reference entity. When a credit event is triggered, the protection seller either takes delivery of the assets for the principal amount or pays the protection buyer the difference between the fair value of assets and the principal amount.
 
In November 2007, the Company entered into a $500 million unsecured revolving credit facility expiring in November 2012. This facility is available for general corporate purposes and the issuance of letters of credit (LOCs) and replaced an existing $600 million revolving credit facility. On the effective date of the new revolving credit facility, all outstanding LOCs issued under the replaced facility were deemed to have been issued under the new revolving credit facility and the replaced facility terminated. At July 10, 2008, the outstanding LOCs issued under the renewed facility were $63.9 million. There were no other drawings or LOCs issued under this facility.
 
In November 2007, the Company entered into a $1 billion unsecured operational LOC facility expiring in November 2012. This facility replaced two LOC facilities permitting up to $1.5 billion of LOCs. On the effective date of the new LOC facility, all outstanding LOCs issued under the replaced facilities were deemed to have been issued under the new LOC facility and the replaced facilities terminated. At July 10, 2008, $796.7 million of this facility was utilized.
In November 2006, to satisfy funding requirements of the Company's Lloyd's of London (Lloyd's) Syndicate 2488 through 2009, the Company renewed its syndicated, uncollateralized LOC facility in the amount of 380 million ($754 million). In June 2007, Syndicate 2488 reduced the LOC balance supporting its funds at Lloyd's in line with the requirements promulgated by Lloyd's. The facility amount was also reduced to 300 million ($595 million). In November 2007, the Company gained approval from its bank group to extend the term of the facility by one year, to satisfy Syndicate 2488's funding requirements through 2010. LOCs issued under this facility will expire no earlier than December 2013. At July 10, 2008, 171.8 million ($339.9 million) of this facility was utilized.
 
In 1999, ACE INA Holdings, Inc issued $100 million of 8.875 percent debentures due August 2029. Subject to certain exceptions, the debentures are not redeemable before maturity and do not have the benefit of any sinking fund. These unsecured debentures are guaranteed on a senior basis by ACE Limited and they rank equally with all of ACE Limited's other senior indebtedness.
In 2000, ACE Capital Trust II, a Delaware statutory business trust, publicly issued $300 million of 9.7 percent Capital Securities (the Capital Securities). ACE Limited has guaranteed, on a subordinated basis, ACE INA's obligations under the Subordinated Debentures due 2030, and distributions and other payments due on the Capital Securities. These guarantees, when taken together with ACE Limited's obligations under expense agreements entered into with ACE Capital Trust II, provide a full and unconditional guarantee of amounts due on the Capital Securities.
In June 2004, ACE INA Holdings, Inc issued $500 million of 5.875 percent notes due June 2014. These notes are redeemable at any time at ACE INA's option subject to a "make-whole" premium plus 0.20 percent. The notes are also redeemable at par plus accrued and unpaid interest in the event of certain changes in tax law. The notes do not have the benefit of any sinking fund. These senior unsecured notes are guaranteed on a senior basis by ACE
Limited and they rank equally with all of ACE Limited's other senior obligations. They also contain a customary limitation on lien provisions as well as customary events of default provisions which, if breached, could result in the accelerated maturity of such senior debt.
In December 2005, Australia Holdings PTY Ltd. entered into an AUD $100 million ($87 million) syndicated unsecured two-year term loan agreement due December 2007. In December 2007, this term loan agreement was renewed with essentially the same terms for a further 12 months and therefore expires in December 2008. The obligation of the borrower under the loan agreement is guaranteed by ACE Limited.
In December 2005, ACE European Holdings No. 2 Ltd. entered into a 100 million ($199 million) syndicated five-year term loan agreement due December 2010. The loan agreement is unsecured and repayable on maturity. The interest rate on the loan is 5.25 percent. The obligation of the borrower under the loan agreement is guaranteed by ACE Limited.
In May 2006, ACE INA Holdings, Inc issued $300 million of 6.7 percent notes due May, 2036. These notes are redeemable at any time at ACE INA's option subject to a "make-whole" premium plus 0.20 percent. The notes are also redeemable at par plus accrued and unpaid interest in the event of certain changes in tax law. These notes do not have the benefit of any sinking fund. These senior unsecured notes are guaranteed on a senior basis by ACE Limited and they rank equally with all of ACE Limited's other senior obligations. They also contain a customary limitation on lien provisions as well as customary events of default provisions which, if breached, could result in the accelerated maturity of such senior debt.
In February 2007, ACE INA Holdings, Inc issued $500 million of 5.7 percent notes due February 2017. These notes are redeemable at any time at ACE INA's option subject to a "make-whole" premium plus 0.20 percent. The notes are also redeemable at par plus accrued and unpaid interest in the event of certain changes in tax law. These notes do not have the benefit of any sinking fund. These senior unsecured notes are guaranteed on a senior basis by ACE Limited and they rank equally with all of ACE Limited's other senior obligations. They also contain a customary limitation on lien provisions as well as customary events of default provisions which, if breached, could result in the accelerated maturity of such senior debt.
In February 2008, ACE INA Holdings, Inc issued $300 million of 5.80 percent notes due March 2018. These notes are redeemable at any time at ACE INA's option subject to a "make-whole" premium plus 0.35 percent. The notes are also redeemable at par plus accrued and unpaid interest in the event of certain changes in tax law. The notes do not have the benefit of any sinking fund. These senior unsecured notes are guaranteed on a senior basis by ACE Limited and they rank equally with all of ACE Limited's other senior obligations. They also contain a customary limitation on lien provisions as well as customary events of default provisions which, if breached, could result in the accelerated maturity of such senior debt.
In April 2008, ACE INA Holdings, Inc entered into a $450 million floating interest rate syndicated term loan agreement due April 2013. The floating interest rate is based on LIBOR plus 0.65 percent. Simultaneously, ACE INA entered into a $450 million swap transaction that has the economic effect of fixing the interest rate at 4.15 percent for the term of the loan. The swap counterparty is a highly-rated financial institution and the Company does not anticipate non-performance. The loan is unsecured and repayable on maturity. The terms are substantially similar to those in other ACE Group credit facilities and contain customary limitations on lien provisions as well as customary events of default provisions which, if breached, could result in the accelerated maturity of such debt. The obligation of the borrower under the loan agreement is guaranteed by ACE Limited.
In May 2008, ACE INA Holdings, Inc issued $450 million of 5.60 percent notes due May 2015. These notes are redeemable at any time at ACE INA's option subject to a "make-whole" premium plus 0.35 percent. The notes are also redeemable at par plus accrued and unpaid interest in the event of certain changes in tax law. The notes do not have the benefit of any sinking fund. These senior unsecured notes are guaranteed on a senior basis by ACE Limited and they rank equally with all of ACE Limited's other senior obligations. They also contain a customary limitation on lien provisions as well as customary events of default provisions which, if breached, could result in the accelerated maturity of such senior debt.
 
(i) Claims and other litigation
The Company's insurance subsidiaries are subject to claims litigation involving disputed interpretations of policy coverages and, in some jurisdictions, direct actions by allegedly-injured persons seeking damages from policyholders. These lawsuits, involving claims on policies issued by the Company's subsidiaries which are typical to the insurance industry in general and in the normal course of business, are considered in the Company's loss and loss expense reserves. In addition to claims litigation, the Company and its subsidiaries are subject to lawsuits and regulatory actions in the normal course of business that do not arise from, or directly relate to, claims on insurance policies. This category of business litigation typically involves, amongst other things, allegations of underwriting
errors or misconduct, employment claims, regulatory activity, or disputes arising from business ventures. In the opinion of ACE's management, ACE's ultimate liability for these matters is not likely to have a material adverse effect on ACE's consolidated financial condition.
(ii) Subpoenas
Beginning in 2004, ACE and its subsidiaries and affiliates received numerous subpoenas, interrogatories, and civil investigative demands in connection with certain investigations of insurance industry practices. These inquiries have been issued by a number of attorneys general, state departments of insurance, and other authorities, including the New York Attorney General (NYAG), the Pennsylvania Department of Insurance, and the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Such inquiries concern underwriting practices and non-traditional or loss mitigation insurance products. To the extent they are ongoing, ACE is cooperating and will continue to cooperate with such inquiries. ACE conducted its own investigation that encompassed the subjects raised by the NYAG and the other state and federal regulatory authorities. The investigation was conducted by a team from the firm of Debevoise & Plimpton LLP headed by former United States Attorney Mary Jo White and operated under and at the direction of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. ACE's internal investigations pertaining to underwriting practices and non-traditional or loss mitigation insurance products are complete.
(iii) Settlement agreements
On April 25, 2006, ACE reached a settlement with the Attorneys General of New York, Illinois, and Connecticut and the New York Insurance Department pursuant to which ACE received from these authorities an Assurance of Discontinuance (AOD). Under the AOD, these regulators agreed not to file certain litigation against ACE relating to their investigation of certain business practices, and ACE agreed to pay $80 million ($66 million after tax) without admitting any liability, and to adopt certain business reforms. Of the $80 million, $40 million was paid to the three settling Attorneys General as a penalty, and $40 million was distributed to eligible policyholders who executed a release of possible claims against ACE. A total of $80 million was recorded in administrative expenses in the quarter ended March 31, 2006.
On May 9, 2007, ACE and the Pennsylvania Insurance Department (Department) and the Pennsylvania Office of Attorney General (OAG) entered into a settlement agreement. This settlement agreement resolves the issues raised by the Department and the OAG arising from their investigation of ACE's underwriting practices and contingent commission payments. As a result of this settlement agreement, ACE made a $9 million payment to the Department and agreed to comply with the business practice guidelines that ACE established in 2004 to assure ongoing antitrust compliance in its operations.
On October 24, 2007, ACE entered into a settlement agreement with the Attorneys General of Florida, Hawaii, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Oregon, Texas, West Virginia, the District of Columbia, and the Florida Department of Financial Services and Office of Insurance Regulation. The agreement resolves investigations of ACE's underwriting practices and contingent commission payments. Under the agreement, ACE paid $4.5 million without admitting any liability, and agreed to keep in place certain business reforms already in effect.
(
iv) Business practice-related litigation
ACE, ACE INA Holdings, Inc., and ACE USA, Inc., along with a number of other insurers and brokers, were named in a series of federal putative nationwide class actions brought by insurance policyholders. The Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation (JPML) consolidated these cases in the District of New Jersey. On August 1, 2005, plaintiffs in the New Jersey consolidated proceedings filed two consolidated amended complaints  one concerning commercial insurance and the other concerning employee benefit plans. The employee benefit plans litigation against ACE has been dismissed.
In the commercial insurance complaint, the plaintiffs named ACE, ACE INA Holdings, Inc., ACE USA, Inc., ACE American Insurance Co., Illinois Union Insurance Co., and Indemnity Insurance Co. of North America. They allege that certain brokers and insurers, including certain ACE entities, conspired to increase premiums and allocate customers through the use of "B" quotes and contingent commissions. In addition, the complaints allege that the broker defendants received additional income by improperly placing their clients' business with insurers through related wholesale entities that acted as intermediaries between the broker and insurer. Plaintiffs also allege that broker defendants tied the purchase of primary insurance to the placement of such coverage with reinsurance carriers through the broker defendants' reinsurance broker subsidiaries. The complaint asserts the following causes
of action against ACE: Federal Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO), federal antitrust law, state antitrust law, aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty, and unjust enrichment.
In 2006 and 2007 the Court dismissed plaintiffs' first two attempts to properly plead a case without prejudice and permitted plaintiffs one final opportunity to re-plead. The amended complaint, filed on May 22, 2007, purported to add several new ACE defendants: ACE Group Holdings, Inc., ACE US Holdings, Inc., Westchester Fire Insurance Company, INA Corporation, INA Financial Corporation, INA Holdings Corporation, ACE Property and Casualty Insurance Company, and Pacific Employers Insurance Company. Plaintiffs also added a new antitrust claim against Marsh, ACE, and other insurers based on the same allegations as the other claims but limited to excess casualty insurance. On June 21, 2007, defendants moved to dismiss the amended complaint and moved to strike the new parties that plaintiffs attempted to add to that complaint. The Court granted defendants' motions and dismissed plaintiffs' antitrust and RICO claims with prejudice on August 31, 2007, and September 28, 2007, respectively. The Court also declined to exercise supplemental jurisdiction over plaintiffs' state law claims and dismissed those claims without prejudice. On October 10, 2007, plaintiffs filed a Notice of Appeal of the antitrust and RICO rulings to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. The appeal is fully briefed. On July 2, 2008, the Third Circuit stayed the appeal pending proceedings in the district court related to a proposed settlement between plaintiffs and Marsh.
There are a number of federal actions brought by policyholders based on allegations similar to the allegations in the consolidated federal actions that were filed in, or transferred to, the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey for coordination. All proceedings in these actions are currently stayed.
 -     New Cingular Wireless Headquarters LLC et al. v. Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. et al. (Case No. 06-5120; D.N.J.), was originally filed in the Northern District of Georgia on April 4, 2006. ACE Ltd., ACE American Ins. Co., ACE USA, Inc., ACE Bermuda Ins. Co. Ltd., Illinois Union Ins. Co., Pacific Employers Ins. Co., and Lloyd's of London Syndicate 2488 AGM, along with a number of other insurers and brokers, are named.
 -     Avery Dennison Corp. v. Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. et al. (Case No. 07-00757; D.N.J.) was filed on February 13, 2007. ACE, ACE INA Holdings, Inc., ACE USA, Inc., and ACE American Insurance Co., along with a number of other insurers and brokers, are named.
 -     Henley Management Co., Inc. et al v. Marsh, Inc. et al. (Case No. 07-2389; D.N.J.) was filed on May 27, 2007. ACE USA, Inc., along with a number of other insurers and Marsh, are named.
 -     Lincoln Adventures LLC et al. v. Those Certain Underwriters at Lloyd's, London Members of Syndicates 0033 et al. (Case No. 07-60991; D.N.J.) was originally filed in the Southern District of Florida on July 13, 2007. Supreme Auto Transport LLC et al. v. Certain Underwriters of Lloyd's of London, et al. (Case No. 07-6703; D.N.J.) was originally filed in the Southern District of New York on July 25, 2007. Lloyd's of London Syndicate 2488 AGM, along with a number of other Lloyd's of London Syndicates and various brokers, are named in both actions. The allegations in these putative class-action lawsuits are similar to the allegations in the consolidated federal actions identified above, although these lawsuits focus on alleged conduct within the London insurance market.
 -     Sears, Roebuck & Co. et al. v. Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. et al. (Case No. 07-2535; D.N.J.) was originally filed in the Northern District of Georgia on October 12, 2007. ACE American Insurance Co., ACE Bermuda Insurance Ltd., and Westchester Surplus Lines Insurance Co., along with a number of other insurers and brokers, are named.
Three cases have been filed in state courts with allegations similar to those in the consolidated federal actions described above.
 -     Van Emden Management Corporation v. Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc., et al. (Case No. 05-0066A; Superior Court of Massachusetts), a class action in Massachusetts, was filed on January 13, 2005. Illinois Union Insurance Company, an ACE subsidiary, is named. The Van Emden case has been stayed pending resolution of the consolidated proceedings in the District of New Jersey or until further order of the Court.
 -     Office Depot, Inc. v. Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. et al. (Case No. 502005CA004396; Circuit Court of the 15th Judicial Circuit in Palm Beach County Florida), a Florida state action, was filed on June 22, 2005.
ACE American Insurance Co., an ACE subsidiary, is named. The trial court originally stayed this case, but the Florida Court of Appeals later remanded and the trial court declined to grant another stay. Discovery is ongoing.
 -     State of Ohio, ex. rel. Marc E. Dann, Attorney General v. American Int'l Group, Inc. et al. (Case No. 07-633857; Court of Common Pleas in Cuyahoga County, Ohio) is an Ohio state action filed by the Ohio Attorney General on August 24, 2007. ACE, ACE American Insurance Co., ACE Property & Casualty Insurance Co., Insurance Company of North America, and Westchester Fire Insurance Co., along with a number of other insurance companies and Marsh, are named. Defendants (including ACE) filed motions to dismiss. On July 2, 2008 the court denied all of the defendants' motions. Discovery will resume by agreement of the parties, but is currently stayed.
ACE was named in four putative securities class action suits following the filing of a civil suit against Marsh by the NYAG on October 14, 2004. The suits were consolidated by the JPML in the Eastern District of Pennsylvania and the Court appointed Sheet Metal Workers' National Pension Fund and Alaska Ironworkers Pension Trust as lead plaintiffs. Lead plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint on September 30, 2005, naming ACE, Evan G. Greenberg, Brian Duperreault, and Philip V. Bancroft as defendants. Plaintiffs allege that ACE's public statements and securities filings should have revealed that insurers, including certain ACE entities, and brokers allegedly conspired to increase premiums and allocate customers through the use of "B" quotes and contingent commissions and that ACE's revenues and earnings were inflated by these practices. Plaintiffs assert claims solely under Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act), Rule 10(b)-5 promulgated thereunder, and Section 20(a) of the Securities Act (control person liability). In 2005, ACE and the individual defendants filed a motion to dismiss. The motion remains pending.
ACE is named as a defendant in a derivative suit filed in Delaware Chancery Court by shareholders of Marsh seeking to recover damages for Marsh and its subsidiary, Marsh, Inc., against officers and directors of Marsh, American International Group Inc. (AIG), AIG's chief executive officer, and ACE. The suit alleges that the defendants breached their fiduciary duty to and thereby damaged Marsh and Marsh, Inc. by participating in a bid rigging scheme and obtaining "kickbacks" in the form of contingent commissions, and that ACE knowingly participated in the alleged scheme. The case is currently stayed.
ACE, ACE USA, Inc., ACE INA Holdings, Inc., and Evan G. Greenberg, as a former officer and director of AIG and current officer and director of ACE, are named in one or both of two derivative cases brought by certain shareholders of AIG. One of the derivative cases was filed in Delaware Chancery Court, and the other was filed in federal court in the Southern District of New York. The allegations against ACE concern the alleged bid rigging and contingent commission scheme as similarly alleged in the federal commercial insurance cases. Plaintiffs assert the following causes of action against ACE: breach of fiduciary duty, aiding and abetting breaches of fiduciary duties, unjust enrichment, conspiracy, and fraud. On April 14, 2008 the shareholder plaintiffs filed an amended complaint (their third pleading effort), which drops Evan Greenberg as a defendant. On June 13, 2008, ACE moved to dismiss the newly amended complaint. Discovery is currently stayed. The New York derivative action is stayed pending resolution of the Delaware derivative action.
In all of the lawsuits described above, plaintiffs seek compensatory and in some cases special damages without specifying an amount. As a result, ACE cannot at this time estimate its potential costs related to these legal matters and, accordingly, no liability for compensatory damages has been established in the consolidated financial statements.
ACE's ultimate liability for these matters is not likely to have a material adverse effect on ACE's consolidated financial condition, although it is possible that the effect could be material to ACE's consolidated results of operations for an individual reporting period.
 
In 2003, the Company sold 20 million depositary shares in a public offering, each representing one-tenth of one of its 7.8 percent Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, for $25 per depositary share. On June 13, 2008, the Company redeemed all of the outstanding preferred shares for cash consideration of $575 million.
 
In connection with the Continuation, the Company increased the par value of Ordinary Shares from $0.041666667 to CHF 33.74 ($32.81) (the New Par Value) through a conversion of all issued Ordinary Shares into "stock" and re-conversion of the stock into Ordinary Shares with a par value equal to the New Par Value (the Par Value Conversion). The Par Value Conversion was followed immediately by a stock dividend, to effectively return holders to the number of Ordinary Shares held before the Par Value Conversion. The increase in par value was accomplished by a corresponding reduction to retained earnings of $10,986 million.
 
Following is a table of changes in Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding for the period January 1, 2008 through July 10, 2008:
 
Ordinary Shares issued to employee trust are the shares issued by the Company to a rabbi trust for deferred compensation obligations.
 
In November 2001, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of any ACE issued debt or capital securities, including ACE's Ordinary Shares, up to an aggregate total of $250 million. These purchases may take place from time to time in the open market or in private purchase transactions. At July 10, 2008, this authorization had not been utilized.
 
The holders of the Ordinary Shares are entitled to receive dividends and are allowed one vote per share provided that, if the controlled shares of any shareholder constitute ten percent or more of the outstanding Ordinary Shares of the Company, only a fraction of the vote will be allowed so as not to exceed ten percent. Generally, the Company's directors have absolute discretion to decline to register any transfer of shares. All transfers are subject to the restriction that they may not increase to ten percent or higher the proportion of issued Ordinary Shares owned by any shareholder.
 
Dividends declared on Ordinary Shares amounted to $0.27 for March 31, 2008 and $0.29 for June 30, 2008, respectively.
The Company maintains rabbi trusts for deferred compensation plans principally for employees and former directors. The shares issued by the Company to the rabbi trusts in connection with deferrals of share compensation are classified in shareholders' equity and accounted for at historical cost in a manner similar to treasury stock. These shares are recorded in Ordinary Shares issued to employee trust and the obligations are recorded in Deferred compensation obligation. Changes in the fair value of the shares underlying the obligations are recorded in Accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities.
The rabbi trust also holds other assets, such as fixed maturities and equity securities. These assets of the rabbi trust are reflected in Other investments. These assets are classified as trading securities and reported at fair value with changes in fair value reflected in Net investment income.
 
ACE Limited has agreements with affiliates for the provision and support of administration and accounting services, including Human Resources, Compensation and Benefits, Communications, Learning and Development and Global Claims. ACE Limited also has agreements with affiliates who in turn provide ACE Limited with certain services including tax, treasury, legal, internal audit, corporate development and other services. Identifiable costs and salaries that were specific to our business were directly allocated. Costs incurred but not specifically attributable to our operating business have been based on either dedicated headcount, estimates of time or estimates of services used proportional to the business. Management believes the methods used to effect such allocations are reasonable.
 
The Continuation is conditioned upon approval of all of the Continuation Proposals and the Dividend (as defined in the Company's Proxy Statement) and the registration of the related shareholder resolutions with the Commercial Register of the Canton of Zurich, Switzerland, subsequent to July 10, 2008.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20080716163210.txt.gz
TIME:20080716163210
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In connection with the anticipated re-domestication of ACE Limited (the "Company") to Switzerland, the Company entered into amendments and waivers to various credit facilities, effective as of July 10, 2008, to reflect the anticipated continuation of the Company as a Swiss company and to waive any potential default under any such credit facility that may have arisen upon the effectiveness of the re-domestication. See Exhibits 10.3 through 10.8 for copies of such amendments and waivers, which are incorporated herein by reference.
 
(e) On July 14, 2008, the ACE Limited 2004 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended through the fourth amendment (the "LTIP"), was approved by the Company's shareholders. As a result of the fourth amendment, an additional 4 million shares are now available for awards under the LTIP. A more complete description of the LTIP is contained in Company's Proxy Statement/Prospectus dated May 30, 2008, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) on May 30, 2008, under the heading "Approval of ACE Limited 2004 Long-Term Incentive Plan as Amended through the Fourth Amendment," which is hereby incorporated herein by reference. For the full text of the LTIP, see Exhibit 10.2 hereto, which is hereby incorporated herein by reference.
In addition, in connection with the Company's anticipated re-domestication to Switzerland, and for the sole purpose of documentation of work that is expected to be performed in Switzerland, the Company entered into employment agreements with Evan Greenberg, the Company's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Philip Bancroft, the Company's Chief Financial Officer, and Robert Cusumano, the Company's General Counsel. These employment agreements did not change these officers' responsibilities to the ACE group of companies or their aggregate compensation from the ACE group of companies. These employment agreements formally establish that the named executive officers who are parties thereto have responsibilities directly with ACE Limited as a Swiss company and will receive compensation specifically for work performed in Switzerland. These employment agreements specify that these officers (i) are employees of the Swiss parent company, (ii) shall receive compensation allocable to such employment agreement (as opposed to compensation allocable to their work for other ACE companies) that reflects 10% of the total compensation such named executive officer is currently receiving, and (iii) shall work a portion of their time in Switzerland for ACE Limited approximating 10% of their annual work calendar. The Company may use the same form of employment agreement for these officers to allocate a percentage of their salaries to other subsidiaries of the Company. The form of employment agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.
 
. At the Company's reconvened annual general meeting on July 14, 2008, the Company's shareholders approved the balance of the proposals necessary to approve the Company's continuation in Zurich, Switzerland.
Shareholders Approve Resolutions to Facilitate ACE Continuation in Zurich, Switzerland
 
(d) Exhibits
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: July 16, 2008

Exhibit 10.1
ACE Limited
Ace Global Headquarters, 17 Woodbourne Avenue, Hamilton HM 08, Bermuda
(as from 15 July 2008: Mainaustrasse 30, 8008 Zrich)
1
as Employer
[insert name and address
of employee]
as Employee
R
ECITALS
The Employer and the Employee wish to enter into an Employment Agreement setting forth the terms and conditions of employment and the rights and the obligations of each party.
Now, therefore, the parties agree on this employment agreement (the "Agreement") in accordance with art. 319 et. seq. of the Swiss Code of Obligations ("CO")
2
as follows.
 
 
 
 
The Employee shall be appointed [insert title] of the Employer. The Employee will perform [insert a brief job description consistent with current responsibilities
3
]. Employee will be able to start work and this Agreement will only become effective, upon receipt of any applicable work and residence permits. The Agreement will only be in effect as long as the respective authorities approve renewals of the permits.
 
The Employee shall exclusively be employed by and available for the Employer on a full time basis.
The Employee shall devote his manpower, know-how and skills to the business of the Employer, and conduct the business of the Employer for which he has been assigned responsibility in accordance with statutory law, the provisions of the Articles of Association, Employer Policies, as amended from time to time and as applicable to the Employee, and in accordance with the general or specific directives and instructions of Employer's [Board of Directors][Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, as the case may be.].
 
[the following duties and responsibilities: Provide overall direction of the business with maximum return on invested capital, coordinate the efforts of the Senior Executives, working with them to develop current and long-term objectives, policies and procedures, represent Employer to its customers, shareholders, financial community and the general public, establish budgetary goals and objectives and review operating results.]
with respect to the Chief Financial Officer, insert:
[those duties and responsibilities that are regularly and customarily performed by the Chief Financial Officer, including, but not limited to, responsibility for the finance function, including investments, accounting and tax.]
with respect to the General Counsel, insert:
[those duties and responsibilities that are regularly and customarily performed by General Counsel]
 
The Employee shall carefully perform the duties assigned to him and loyally pursue and protect the Employer's interests.
 
The principal location of the employment shall be Zurich
4
or as otherwise mutually agreed by the parties. The Employee also acknowledges that, in consideration of his position, he can be required to frequent travels abroad.
 
The working time is determined by the position and responsibility of the Employee. It consists of 4 hours per week (10%), spread over 5 days.
5
Additional hours ("berstunden"), overtime ("berzeit") and work on Saturdays and Sundays are deemed compensated by the salary under this Agreement.
 
The Employee undertakes to keep secret any and all business secrets of the Employer and shall keep confidential all confidential matters of which he becomes aware whilst performing his duties hereunder. The Employee shall care for the safe custody of all information material containing any such business secrets or confidential information.
The terms "business secrets" and "confidential matters" include inter alia all business, operational, organisational, financial, customer and technical knowledge and information which should not become known to the public or to any third party pursuant to the wishes or the best interest of the Employer or in consideration of the nature of the information. These undertakings shall remain valid without limitation also after termination of this Agreement.
 
 
Upon termination of this Agreement, the Employee shall return to the Employer any and all business documents, confidential information and trade secrets in relation to the Employer. The Employee undertakes not to copy any such documents he may have received and/or made whilst performing his duties hereunder.
 
 
 
The Employee shall be entitled to a gross annual salary of $_[insert the amount which is equal to 10% of current salary]_
6
(US) per year, payable in twelve monthly installments (the "Base Salary"). The Base Salary shall be reviewed yearly.
 
The Employee will be eligible for an annual bonus and an award under Employer's Long-term Incentive Program. The determination of the amounts of said bonus and award are subject to the absolute discretion of Employer's Board of Directors.
 
The Employee shall be reimbursed for his reasonable and proper out-of-pocket and travelling expenses incurred in carrying out his duties under this Agreement. Any reimbursement shall be supported by vouchers or other evidence.
 
Any applicable contributions for AHV/IV/EO (federal retirement and survivors'/disability/income replacement insurance), ALV (unemployment insurance), BVG (occupational retirement, survivors' and disability pension plans), UVG (accident
 
 
insurance)
7
and applicable tax at source, payable by the Employee in accordance with the law shall be deducted from the gross compensation payments made under this Agreement to the Employee.
 
The Employee shall be entitled to 20 vacation days (basis: employment of 100%; pro rata in case of part-time employment) during any year of employment. The vacation shall be taken in accordance with the mutual interest of the Employer and the Employee. Vacation time shall be used until April of the following year in which the time has been accrued.
 
First working day of the Employee shall be on July 15, 2008. This Agreement is made for an indefinite period of time. It may be terminated by any party by giving one month written notice to the end of a calendar month. No probation period shall apply.
Furthermore, this Agreement shall terminate without notice when the Employee reaches the Swiss statutory retirement age or if Employee's work or residence permits are not renewed.
Termination without notice for just cause and valid reasons in accordance with Art. 337 et seq. CO
8
shall be reserved.
 
 
If any of the provisions or clauses of this Agreement shall be or become void or be held invalid, all other provisions shall remain in full force and effect and the void or invalid provisions shall be forthwith replaced by other provisions to be agreed upon by the parties valid in form and substance and which shall accomplish as nearly as possible the purpose and intent of the void or invalid provisions in due course.
 
 
This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding between the parties hereto relating to the subject matter herein contained, i.e., the terms of employment for Employee's work in Switzerland. Any changes, additions or amendments (including the waiver of this provision) shall be in writing.
 
This Agreement shall be executed in two counterparts, namely one for each party.
 
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Switzerland
9
.
 
 
 

Exhibit 10.2
1.1. . The ACE Limited 2004 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the "Plan") has been established by ACE Limited (the "Company") to (i) attract and retain persons eligible to participate in the Plan; (ii) motivate Participants, by means of appropriate incentives, to achieve long-range goals; (iii) provide incentive compensation opportunities that are competitive with those of other similar companies; and (iv) further identify Participants' interests with those of the Company's other shareholders through compensation that is based on the Company's ordinary shares of stock; and thereby promote the long-term financial interest of the Company and the Subsidiaries, including the growth in value of the Company's equity and enhancement of long-term shareholder return.
Purpose
1.2. . Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Committee shall determine and designate, from time to time, from among the Eligible Individuals (including transferees of Eligible Individuals to the extent the transfer is permitted by the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement), those persons who will be granted one or more Awards under the Plan, and thereby become "Participants" in the Plan.
Participation
1.3. . The operation and administration of the Plan, including the Awards made under the Plan, shall be subject to the provisions of Section 5 (relating to operation and administration). Capitalized terms in the Plan shall be defined as set forth in the Plan (including the definition provisions of Section 9).
Operation, Administration, and Definitions
2.1. .
Definitions
 
 
2.2. . The "Exercise Price" of each Option and SAR granted under this Section 2 shall be established by the Committee or shall be determined by a method established by the Committee at the time the Option or SAR is granted. The Exercise Price shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the date of grant (or, if greater, the par value of a share of Stock).
Exercise Price
2.3. . An Option and an SAR shall be exercisable in accordance with such terms and conditions and during such periods as may be established by the Committee. In no event, however, shall an Option or SAR expire later than ten years after the date of its grant.
Exercise
 
2.4. . The payment of the Exercise Price of an Option granted under this Section 2 shall be subject to the following:
Payment of Option Exercise Price
 
 
 
2.5. . Settlement of Options and SARs is subject to subsection 5.7.
Settlement of Award
2.6. . Except for either adjustments pursuant to paragraph 5.2(f) (relating to the adjustment of shares), or reductions of the Exercise Price approved by the Company's shareholders, the Exercise Price for any outstanding Option or SAR may not be decreased after the date of grant nor may an outstanding Option or SAR granted under the Plan be surrendered to the Company as consideration for the grant of a replacement Option or SAR with a lower Exercise Price.
No Repricing
2.7. . An Option may but need not be in tandem with an SAR, and an SAR may but need not be in tandem with an Option. If an Option is in tandem with an SAR, the Exercise Price of both the Option and SAR shall be the same, and the exercise of the Option or SAR with respect to a share of Stock shall cancel the corresponding tandem SAR or Option right with respect to such share. If an SAR is in tandem with an Option but is granted after the grant of the Option, or if an Option is in tandem with an SAR but is granted after the grant of the SAR, the later granted tandem Award shall have the same Exercise Price as the earlier granted Award, but the Exercise Price for the later granted Award may be less than the Fair Market Value of the Stock at the time of such grant.
Grants of Options and SARs
3.1. . A "Full Value" Award is a grant of one or more shares of Stock or a right to receive one or more shares of Stock in the future, with such grant subject to one or more of the following, as determined by the Committee:
Definition
 
 
 
The grant of Full Value Awards may also be subject to such other conditions, restrictions and contingencies, as determined by the Committee.
 
3.2. .
Restrictions on Awards
 
 
A Cash Incentive Award is the grant of a right to receive a payment of cash (or in the discretion of the Committee, Stock having value equivalent to the cash otherwise payable) that is contingent on achievement of performance or other objectives over a specified period established by the Committee. The grant of Cash Incentive Awards may also be subject to such other conditions, restrictions and contingencies, as determined by the Committee. The Committee may designate a Cash Incentive Award granted to any Participant as "performance-based compensation" as that term is used in section 162(m) of the Code. To the extent required by Code section 162(m), any such Award so designated shall be conditioned on the achievement of one or more performance objectives. The performance objectives shall be based on Performance Measures as selected by the Committee. For Awards under this Section 4 intended to be "performance-based compensation," the grant of the Awards and the establishment of the performance objectives shall be made during the period required under Code section 162(m). Except as otherwise provided in the applicable plan or arrangement, distribution of any cash incentive awards by the Company or its Subsidiaries (whether granted this Plan or otherwise), for a performance period ending in a calendar year, shall be made to the Participant not later than March 15 of the following calendar year; provided, however, that for purposes of determining compliance with Code section 409A, a payment will be considered to satisfy the requirement of this sentence if distribution is made no later than the end of the calendar year following the end of the applicable performance period.
5.1. . Subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Company at the Company's 2004 annual meeting of its shareholders, the Plan shall be effective as of February 25, 2004 (the "Effective Date"); provided, however, that, to the extent not prohibited by applicable law or the applicable rules of any stock exchange, Awards may be granted contingent on approval of the Plan by the shareholders of the Company at such annual meeting. The Plan shall be unlimited in duration and, in the event of Plan termination, shall remain in effect as long as any Awards under it are outstanding; provided, however, that no Awards may be granted under the Plan on or after the ten-year anniversary of July 10, 2008, which is the date on which the Plan was amended by the Fourth Amendment.
Effective Date
 
5.2. . The shares of Stock for which Awards may be granted under the Plan shall be subject to the following:
Shares and Other Amounts Subject to Plan
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5.3. . Delivery of shares of Stock or other amounts under the Plan shall be subject to the following:
General Restrictions
 
 
5.4. . All distributions under the Plan are subject to withholding of all applicable taxes, and the Committee may condition the delivery of any shares or other benefits under the Plan on satisfaction of the applicable withholding obligations. Except as otherwise provided by the Committee, such withholding obligations may be satisfied (i) through cash payment by the Participant; (ii) through the surrender of shares of Stock which the Participant already owns (provided, however, that to the extent shares described in this clause (ii) are used to satisfy more than the minimum statutory withholding obligation, as described below, then, except as otherwise provided by the Committee, payments made with shares of Stock in accordance with this clause (ii) shall be limited to shares held by the Participant for not less than six months prior to the payment date); or (iii) through the surrender of shares of Stock to which the Participant is otherwise entitled under the Plan, provided, however, that such shares under this clause (iii) may be used to satisfy not more than the Company's minimum statutory withholding obligation (based on minimum statutory withholding rates for Federal and state tax purposes, including payroll taxes, that are applicable to such supplemental taxable income).
Tax Withholding
5.5. . In the discretion of the Committee, a Participant may be granted any Award permitted under the provisions of the Plan, and more than one Award may be granted to a Participant. Awards may be granted as alternatives to or replacement of awards granted or outstanding under the Plan, or any other plan or arrangement of the Company or a Subsidiary (including a plan or arrangement of a business or entity, all or a portion of which is acquired by the Company or a Subsidiary). Subject to the overall limitation on the number of shares of Stock that may be delivered under the Plan, the Committee may use available shares of Stock as the form of payment for compensation, grants or rights earned or due under any other compensation plans or arrangements of the Company or a Subsidiary, including the plans and arrangements of the Company or
Grant and Use of Awards
 
a Subsidiary assumed in business combinations. Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection 2.2, Options and SARs granted under the Plan in replacement for awards under plans and arrangements of the Company or a Subsidiary assumed in business combinations may provide for Exercise Prices that are less than the Fair Market Value of the Stock at the time of the replacement grants, if the Committee determines that such Exercise Price is appropriate to preserve the economic benefit of the award. The provisions of this subsection shall be subject to the provisions of subsection 5.16.
5.6. . An Award (including without limitation an Option or SAR Award) may provide the Participant with the right to receive dividend or dividend equivalent payments with respect to Stock subject to the Award (both before and after the Stock subject to the Award is earned, vested, or acquired), which payments may be either made currently or credited to an account for the Participant, and may be settled in cash or Stock, as determined by the Committee. Any such settlements, and any such crediting of dividends or dividend equivalents or reinvestment in shares of Stock, may be subject to such conditions, restrictions and contingencies as the Committee shall establish, including the reinvestment of such credited amounts in Stock equivalents. The provisions of this subsection shall be subject to the provisions of subsection 5.16.
Dividends and Dividend Equivalents
5.7. . The obligation to make payments and distributions with respect to Awards may be satisfied through cash payments, the delivery of shares of Stock, the granting of replacement Awards (subject to subsection 2.6), or combination thereof as the Committee shall determine. Satisfaction of any such obligations under an Award, which is sometimes referred to as "settlement" of the Award, may be subject to such conditions, restrictions and contingencies as the Committee shall determine. The Committee may permit or require the deferral of any Award payment, subject to such rules and procedures as it may establish, which may include provisions for the payment or crediting of interest or dividend equivalents, and may include converting such credits into deferred Stock equivalents. Except for Options and SARs designated at the time of grant or otherwise as intended to be subject to Code section 409A, this subsection 5.7 shall not be construed to permit the deferred settlement of Options or SARs, if such settlement would result in deferral of compensation under Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(5)(i)(A)(3) (except as permitted in paragraphs (i) and (ii) of that section). Each Subsidiary shall be liable for payment of cash due under the Plan with respect to any Participant to the extent that such benefits are attributable to the services rendered for that Subsidiary by the Participant. Any disputes relating to liability of a Subsidiary for cash payments shall be resolved by the Committee. The provisions of this subsection shall be subject to the provisions of subsection 5.16.
Settlement of Awards
5.8. . Awards under the Plan are not transferable except as designated by the Participant by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and except for transfers without consideration to the extent permitted by the Committee.
Transferability
5.9. . Unless otherwise specified herein, each election required or permitted to be made by any Participant or other person entitled to benefits under the Plan, and any permitted modification, or revocation thereof, shall be in writing filed with the Committee at such times, in such form, and subject to such restrictions and limitations, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, as the Committee shall require.
Form and Time of Elections
5.10. . An Award under the Plan shall be subject to such terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the Plan, as the Committee shall, in its sole discretion, prescribe. The terms and conditions of any Award to any Participant shall be reflected in such form of written (including electronic) document as is determined by the Committee. A copy of such document shall be provided to the Participant, and the Committee may, but need not require that the Participant sign a copy of such document. Such document is referred to in the Plan as an "Award Agreement" regardless of whether any Participant signature is required.
Agreement With Company
5.11. . Any action required or permitted to be taken by the Company or any Subsidiary shall be by resolution of its board of directors, or by action of one or more members of the board (including a committee of the board) who are duly authorized to act for the board, or (except to the extent prohibited by applicable law or applicable rules of any stock exchange) by a duly authorized officer of such company.
Action by Company or Subsidiary
 
5.12. . Where the context admits, words in any gender shall include any other gender, words in the singular shall include the plural and the plural shall include the singular.
Gender and Number
5.13. .
Limitation of Implied Rights
 
 
5.14. . Except as otherwise provided by the Committee, Awards to a Participant (including the grant and the receipt of benefits) under the Plan shall be disregarded for purposes of determining the Participant's benefits under any Qualified Retirement Plan and other plans maintained by the Participant's employer. The term "Qualified Retirement Plan" means any plan of the Company or a Subsidiary that is intended to be qualified under section 401(a) of the Code.
Benefits Under Qualified Retirement Plans
5.15. . Evidence required of anyone under the Plan may be by certificate, affidavit, document or other information which the person acting on it considers pertinent and reliable, and signed, made or presented by the proper party or parties.
Evidence
5.16. . The provisions of the Plan shall be subject to the following:
Limitations under Section 409A
 
 
 
 
Subject to the provisions of paragraph 5.2(f) (relating to the adjustment of shares), the occurrence of a Change in Control shall have the effect, if any, with respect to any Award as set forth in the Award Agreement or, to the extent not prohibited by the Plan or the Award Agreement, as provided by the Committee.
7.1. . The authority to control and manage the operation and administration of the Plan shall be vested in a committee (the "Committee") in accordance with this Section 7. The Committee shall be selected by the Board, and shall consist solely of two or more members of the Board. If the Committee does not exist, or for any other reason determined by the Board, and to the extent not prohibited by applicable law or the applicable rules of any stock exchange, the Board may take any action under the Plan that would otherwise be the responsibility of the Committee.
Administration
7.2. . The Committee's administration of the Plan shall be subject to the following:
Powers of Committee
 
 
 
 
 
7.3. . Except to the extent prohibited by applicable law or the applicable rules of a stock exchange, the Committee may allocate all or any portion of its responsibilities and powers to any one or more of its members and may delegate all or any part of its responsibilities and powers to any person or persons selected by it. Any such allocation or delegation may be revoked by the Committee at any time.
Delegation by Committee
7.4. . The Company and Subsidiaries shall furnish the Committee with such data and information as it determines may be required for it to discharge its duties. The records of the Company and Subsidiaries as to an employee's or Participant's employment (or other provision of services),
Information to be Furnished to Committee
 
termination of employment (or cessation of the provision of services), leave of absence, reemployment and compensation shall be conclusive on all persons unless determined to be incorrect. Participants and other persons entitled to benefits under the Plan must furnish the Committee such evidence, data or information as the Committee considers desirable to carry out the terms of the Plan.
The Board may, at any time, amend or terminate the Plan, and may amend any Award Agreement, provided that no amendment or termination may, in the absence of written consent to the change by the affected Participant (or, if the Participant is not then living, the affected beneficiary), adversely affect the rights of any Participant or beneficiary under any Award granted under the Plan prior to the date such amendment is adopted by the Board; and further provided that adjustments pursuant to paragraph 5.2(f) shall not be subject to the foregoing limitations of this Section 8; and further provided that the provisions of subsection 2.6 (relating to Option repricing) cannot be amended unless the amendment is approved by the Company's shareholders. Approval by the Company's shareholders will be required for any material revision to the terms of the Plan, with the Committee's determination of "material revision" to take into account the exemptions under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange. No amendment or termination shall be adopted or effective if it would result in accelerated recognition of income or imposition of additional tax under Code section 409A or, except as otherwise provided in the amendment, would cause amounts that were not otherwise subject to Code section 409A to become subject to section 409A.
In addition to the other definitions contained herein, the following definitions shall apply:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For the purpose of this definition of "Change in Control," (I) an "Affiliate" of a person or other entity shall mean a person or other entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the person or other entity specified and (II) "Voting Stock" shall mean capital stock of any class or classes having general voting power under ordinary circumstances, in the absence of contingencies, to elect the directors of a corporation.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 10.3
EXECUTION COPY
dated as of 10 July 2008 (this "") amends the Credit Agreement dated as of 13 December 2005, as amended on 22 June 2007 and as amended and restated on 19 December 2007 pursuant to an Amendment and Restatement Agreement dated as of 14 December 2007 (as so amended and restated, the "") among ACE Australia Holdings Pty Limited (the ""), ACE Limited (the ""), various financial institutions and The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, as Agent. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the respective meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement.
THIRD AMENDMENT AND WAIVER
Amendment
Credit Agreement
Borrower
Guarantor
WHEREAS, the Guarantor has informed the Agent that the Guarantor expects to re-domesticate to move its place of incorporation from the Cayman Islands to Switzerland; and
WHEREAS, the Guarantor has requested and the parties have agreed to amend the Credit Agreement in certain respects as more fully set forth below.
NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:
. Subject to the conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement is amended as set forth in this .
SECTION 1.
Amendments to Credit Agreement
Section 4,
Section 1
1.1 Clause 2.2 is amended by adding the following immediately before the period at the end thereof: ", no amount borrowed under this Facility may be used directly or indirectly in Switzerland".
provided that
1.2 Clause 15.5 is amended by adding the following phrase immediately before the period at the end thereof "or if such disclosure would violate any applicable law".
1.3 Clause 29.3.1 is amended by (a) deleting the phrase "to a Subsidiary of the Guarantor" that begins in the eighth to last line thereof and substituting the phrase "to a Wholly-Owned Consolidated Subsidiary of the Guarantor that is not organized under the laws of Switzerland" therefor; (b) deleting the phrase "that Subsidiary" that begins in the third to last line thereof and substituting the phrase "that Wholly-Owned Consolidated Subsidiary"; and (c) adding the following immediately before the period at the end thereof: "; (notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary) so long as the Guarantor is incorporated under the laws of Switzerland, the Guarantor may not be the Borrower Transferee without the prior written consent of all Finance Parties".
provided that
1.4 Clause 29.3.2(b) is amended by deleting the phrase "Subsidiary of the Guarantor" each time it appears therein and substituting the phrase "Wholly-Owned Consolidated Subsidiary of the Guarantor" therefor.
. The Majority Banks waive any Default that may arise under Clause 15.4 (Preservation of Corporate Existence) of the Credit Agreement upon the re-domestication of the Guarantor to move its place of incorporation from the Cayman Islands to Switzerland in the third or fourth quarter of 2008 (the "").
SECTION 2.
Waiver
Re-domestication
. Each Obligor represents and warrants as follows:
SECTION 3.
Representations and Warranties
3.1 . The execution, delivery and performance by such Obligor of this Amendment are within its corporate powers, have been duly authorised by all necessary corporate action, require no action by or in respect of, or filing with, any governmental body, agency or official and do not contravene, or constitute a default under, any provision of applicable law or regulation or of the memorandum of association, articles of association or by-laws (or any comparable document) of such Obligor or of any material agreement, judgment, injunction, order, decree or other instrument binding upon such Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of such Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries.
Authorization
3.2 . This Amendment constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Obligor enforceable against such Obligor in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws of general application affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights, the application of equitable principles, the non-availability of the equitable remedies of specific performance or injunctive relief and, with respect to matters of Swiss law, the limitations and qualifications set forth in the opinion letter referred to in below.
Enforceability
Section 5
3.3 . After giving effect to this Amendment: (a) each representation and warranty of such Obligor contained in Clauses 13 and 14, as applicable, of the Credit Agreement is true and correct on and as of the date hereof with the same effect as if made on and as of the date hereof (except to the extent any such representation or warranty is expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, in which case such representation or warranty was true and correct as of such date) and (b) no Default has occurred and is continuing.
Representations and Warranties; No Default
. This Amendment (including the waiver set forth in ) shall become effective as of the date set forth above when the Agent has (a) received the consent of the Majority Banks to the amendment and waiver contemplated herein, (b) signed a counterpart hereof and (c) received counterparts hereof signed by the Obligors; that the amendments set forth in shall not become effective until the occurrence of the Re-domestication.
SECTION 4.
Effectiveness of Amendment
Section 2
provided
Section 1
. The Guarantor agrees that it will, within three Business Days after the effectiveness of the Re-domestication, deliver to the Agent (a) copies of the constitutional documents of the Guarantor as in effect after the Re-domestication, certified as being true and correct by an officer of the Guarantor; and (b) an opinion letter of Swiss counsel to the Guarantor substantially in the form of (and the Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that failure to timely deliver such items shall constitute an Event of Default).
SECTION 5.
Post-Closing Requirements
Exhibit A
. The Obligors and the Agent agree that this Amendment is a Finance Document.
SECTION 6.
Designation as a Finance Document
Each Obligor affirms that after giving effect to the Re-domestication and the effectiveness of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement, as amended hereby, and each other Finance Document to which such Obligor is a party will remain in full force and effect and will continue to constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Obligor, enforceable against such Obligor in accordance with its terms. Without limiting the
SECTION 7.
Continuing Effectiveness, etc.
 
foregoing, the Guarantor represents and warrants that (a) the Re-domestication will not interrupt the continued corporate existence of the Guarantor and (b) all of the assets, property, rights, liabilities and obligations of the Guarantor immediately prior to the Re-domestication (including all rights, liabilities and obligations of the Guarantor under the Finance Documents) will continue to be the assets, property, rights, liabilities and obligations of the Guarantor after the Re-domestication.
.
SECTION 8.
Miscellaneous
8.1 . After the effectiveness hereof, all references to the Credit Agreement set forth in any other agreement or instrument shall, unless otherwise specifically provided, be references to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby. Except as so amended, the Credit Agreement and the other Finance Documents shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms. The Obligors agree that the waiver described in is limited to the specific terms thereof and shall not constitute or be deemed a waiver of any other Default or of any right or remedy arising as a result of any such other Default.
Effect of Amendment
Section 2
8.2 . Clauses 1.2 (Interpretation), 1.5 (Headings), 1.8 (Third Party Rights), 29.1 (Binding Agreement), 32 (Remedies and Waivers, Partial Invalidity), 36 (Governing Law) and 37 (Jurisdiction) of the Credit Agreement shall apply hereto as if fully set forth herein, (it being understood that references therein to "this Agreement" or "the Finance Documents" are references to this Amendment).
Incorporation of Certain Provisions
mutatis mutandis
8.3 . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery to the Agent of a signed counterpart hereof, or signature page hereto, by facsimile or e-mail (in a .pdf or similar file) shall be effective as delivery of an original manually-signed counterpart.
Counterparts
8.4 . Each Obligor shall, at the request of the Agent and at its own expense, do all such acts and things necessary or desirable to give effect to the amendments effected or to be effected pursuant to this Amendment.
Further Assurances
 
, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their duly authorized officers as of the date first above written.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 
 
Signature Page to Third Amendment to
ACE A$ Credit Agreement
ACE AUSTRALIA HOLDINGS PTY LIMITED
 
 
Signature Page to Third Amendment to
ACE A$ Credit Agreement
 
Signature Page to Third Amendment to
ACE A$ Credit Agreement

Exhibit 10.4
EXECUTION COPY
dated as of July 10, 2008 (this "") amends the Credit Agreement dated as of December 13, 2005 (as previously amended, the "") among ACE European Holdings No.2 Limited (the ""), ACE Limited (the ""), various financial institutions and The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, as Agent. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the respective meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement.
THIS SECOND AMENDMENT AND WAIVER
Amendment
Credit Agreement
Borrower
Guarantor
WHEREAS, the Guarantor has informed the Agent that the Guarantor expects to re-domesticate to move its place of incorporation from the Cayman Islands to Switzerland; and
WHEREAS, the Guarantor has requested and the parties have agreed to amend the Credit Agreement in certain respects as more fully set forth below.
NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:
. Subject to the conditions set forth in , the Credit Agreement is amended as set forth in this .
SECTION 1.
Amendments to Credit Agreement
Section 4
Section 1
1.1 Clause 2.2 is amended by adding the following immediately before the period at the end thereof: ", no amount borrowed under this Facility may be used directly or indirectly in Switzerland".
provided that
1.2 Clause 15.5 is amended by adding the following phrase immediately before the period at the end thereof "or if such disclosure would violate any applicable law".
. The Majority Banks waive any Default that may arise under Clause 15.4 (Preservation of Corporate Existence) of the Credit Agreement upon the re-domestication of the Guarantor to move its place of incorporation from the Cayman Islands to Switzerland in the third or fourth quarter of 2008 (the "").
SECTION 2.
Waiver
Re-domestication
. Each Obligor represents and warrants as follows:
SECTION 3.
Representations and Warranties
3.1 . The execution, delivery and performance by such Obligor of this Amendment are within its corporate powers, have been duly authorised by all necessary corporate action, require no action by or in respect of, or filing with, any governmental body, agency or official and do not contravene, or constitute a default under, any provision of applicable law or regulation or of the memorandum of association, articles of association or by-laws (or any comparable document) of such Obligor or of any material agreement, judgment, injunction, order, decree or other instrument binding upon such Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of such Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries.
Authorization
3.2 . This Amendment constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Obligor enforceable against such Obligor in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws of general application affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights, the application of equitable principles, the non-availability of the equitable remedies of specific performance or injunctive relief and, with respect to matters of Swiss law, the limitations and qualifications set forth in the opinion letter referred to in below.
Enforceability
Section 5
3.3 . After giving effect to this Amendment: (a) each representation and warranty of such Obligor contained in Clauses 13 and 14, as applicable, of the Credit Agreement is true and correct on and as of the date hereof with the same effect as if made on and as of the date hereof (except to the extent any such representation or warranty is expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, in which case such representation or warranty was true and correct as of such date) and (b) no Default has occurred and is continuing.
Representations and Warranties; No Default
. This Amendment (including the waiver set forth in shall become effective as of the date set forth above when the Agent has (a) received the consent of the Majority Banks to the amendment and waiver contemplated herein, (b) signed a counterpart hereof and (c) received counterparts hereof signed by the Obligors; that the amendments set forth in shall not become effective until the occurrence of the Re-domestication.
SECTION 4.
Effectiveness of Amendment
Section 2)
provided
Section 1
. The Guarantor agrees that it will, within three Business Days after the effectiveness of the Re-domestication, deliver to the Agent (a) copies of the constitutional documents of the Guarantor as in effect after the Re-domestication, certified as being true and correct by an officer of the Guarantor; and (b) an opinion letter of Swiss counsel to the Guarantor substantially in the form of (and the Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that failure to timely deliver such items shall constitute an Event of Default).
SECTION 5.
Post-Closing Requirements
Exhibit A
The Obligors and the Agent agree that this Amendment is a Finance Document.
SECTION 6.
Designation as a Finance Document.
Each Obligor affirms that after giving effect to the Re-domestication and the effectiveness of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement, as amended hereby, and each other Finance Document to which such Obligor is a party will remain in full force and effect and will continue to constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Obligor, enforceable against such Obligor in accordance with its terms. Without limiting the foregoing, the Guarantor represents and warrants that (a) the Re-domestication will not interrupt the continued corporate existence of the Guarantor and (b) all of the assets, property, rights, liabilities and obligations of the Guarantor immediately prior to the Re-domestication (including all rights, liabilities and obligations of the Guarantor under the Finance Documents) will continue to be the assets, property, rights, liabilities and obligations of the Guarantor after the Re-domestication.
SECTION 7.
Continuing Effectiveness, etc.
.
SECTION 8.
Miscellaneous
8.1 . After the effectiveness hereof, all references to the Credit Agreement set forth in any other agreement or instrument shall, unless otherwise specifically provided, be references to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby. Except as so amended, the Credit Agreement and the other Finance Documents shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms. The Obligors agree that the waiver described in is limited to the specific terms thereof and shall not constitute or be deemed a waiver of any other Default or of any right or remedy arising as a result of any such other Default.
Effect of Amendment
Section 2
 
8.2 . Clauses 1.2 (Interpretation), 1.5 (Headings), 1.8 (Third Party Rights), 29.1 (Binding Agreement), 32 (Remedies and Waivers, Partial Invalidity), 36 (Governing Law) and 37 (Jurisdiction) of the Credit Agreement shall apply hereto as if fully set forth herein, (it being understood that references therein to "this Agreement" or "the Finance Documents" are references to this Amendment).
Incorporation of Certain Provisions
mutatis mutandis
8.3 . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery to the Agent of a signed counterpart hereof, or signature page hereto, by facsimile or e-mail (in a .pdf or similar file) shall be effective as delivery of an original manually-signed counterpart.
Counterparts
8.4 . Each Obligor shall, at the request of the Agent and at its own expense, do all such acts and things necessary or desirable to give effect to the amendments effected or to be effected pursuant to this Amendment.
Further Assurances
 
, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their duly authorized officers as of the date first above written.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 
 
Signature Page to Second Amendment to
ACE Sterling Credit Agreement

Exhibit 10.5
EXECUTION COPY
dated as of 10 July, 2008 (this "") amends the Letter of Credit Facility Agreement originally dated as of 19 November, 1999 (as most recently amended pursuant to the Seventh Amendment and Restatement Agreement dated 17 November, 2006 and the Eighth Amendment Agreement dated as of 16 November, 2007, the "") between, among others, ACE Limited (the ""), certain subsidiaries thereof, as guarantors, various banks and Citibank International plc, as agent and security trustee for the banks. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the respective meanings set forth in the Facility Agreement, and the principles of construction set forth in the Facility Agreement shall apply to this Amendment Agreement as if set forth in full herein.
THIS NINTH AMENDMENT AGREEMENT
Amendment Agreement
Facility Agreement
Account Party
WHEREAS, the Account Party has informed the Agent that the Account Party expects to re-domesticate to move its place of incorporation from the Cayman Islands to Switzerland; and
WHEREAS, the Account Party has requested and the parties have agreed to amend the Facility Agreement in certain respects as more fully set forth below.
NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:
. Subject to the conditions set forth in , the Facility Agreement is amended as set forth in this .
SECTION 1.
Amendments to Facility Agreement
Section 4
Section 1
1.1 The first sentence of Clause 16.1 is amended by (a) substituting the phrase "a company limited by shares" therein for the phrase "a share corporation " and (b) substituting the reference to "the Cayman Islands" therein for the phrase "its jurisdiction of incorporation, formation or organization".
(Corporate Existence and Power)
(Aktiengesellschaft)
1.2 Clause 17.7 () is amended by adding the phrase "or if such disclosure would violate any applicable law" before the period at the end thereof.
Inspection of Property, Books and Records
1.3 The following Clause 17.16 is added in appropriate numerical sequence:
 
The Obligors shall ensure that (a) neither the Charged Portfolio nor any account comprising the Charged Portfolio is held or maintained in Switzerland and (b) the Custodian is not organised under the laws of Switzerland.
1.4 Clause 18.7.1 is amended by substituting the reference to "the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands" therein for the phrase "a court or authority of competent jurisdiction in any relevant jurisdiction".
(Winding-up of the Account Party or a Guarantor)
1.5 Clause 33.6 () is amended by substituting the words "all Obligors" for "both Obligors" immediately before the period at the end thereof.
Deemed receipt by the Obligors
. The Majority Banks waive any Default that may arise under Clause 17.5 of the Facility Agreement upon completion of the re-domestication of the Account Party to move its place of incorporation from the Cayman Islands to Switzerland in the third or fourth quarter of 2008 (the "").
SECTION 2.
Waiver
(Conduct of Business and Maintenance of Existence)
Re-domestication
. Each Obligor represents and warrants as follows:
SECTION 3.
Representations and Warranties
3.1 . The execution, delivery and performance by such Obligor of this Amendment Agreement are within its corporate powers, have been duly authorised by all necessary corporate action, require no action by or in respect of, or filing with, any governmental body, agency or official and do not contravene, or constitute a default under, any provision of applicable law or regulation or of the memorandum of association, articles of association or by-laws (or any comparable document) of such Obligor or of any material agreement, judgment, injunction, order, decree or other instrument binding upon such Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of such Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries.
Authorization
3.2 . This Amendment Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Obligor enforceable against such Obligor in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws of general application affecting the enforcement of creditors rights, the application of equitable principles, the non-availability of the equitable remedies of specific performance or injunctive relief and, with respect to matters of Swiss law, the limitations and qualifications set forth in the opinion letter referred to in below.
Enforceability
Section 5
3.3 . After giving effect to this Amendment Agreement: (a) each representation and warranty of such Obligor contained in Clause 16 of the Facility Agreement is true and correct on and as of the date hereof with the same effect as if made on and as of the date hereof (except to the extent any such representation or warranty is expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, in which case such representation or warranty was true and correct as of such date) and (b) no Default has occurred and is continuing.
Representations and Warranties; No Default
. This Amendment Agreement (including the waiver set forth in ) shall become effective as of the date set forth above when the Agent has (a) received the consent of the Majority Banks to the amendments and waiver contemplated herein, (b) signed a counterpart hereof and (c) received counterparts hereof signed by the Obligors; that the amendments set forth in shall not become effective until the occurrence of the Re-domestication.
SECTION 4.
Effectiveness of Amendment Agreement
Section 2
provided
Section 1
. The Account Party agrees that it will, within three Business Days after the effectiveness of the Re-domestication, deliver to the Agent (a) copies of the constitutional documents of the Account Party as in effect after the Re-domestication, certified as being true and correct by an officer of the Account Party; and (b) an opinion letter of Swiss counsel to the Account Party substantially in the form of (and the Account Party acknowledges and agrees that failure to timely deliver such items shall constitute an Event of Default).
SECTION 5.
Post-Closing Requirements
Exhibit A
The Account Party and the Agent agree that this Amendment Agreement is a Finance Document.
SECTION 6.
Designation as a Finance Document.
Each Obligor affirms that after giving effect to the Re-domestication and the effectiveness of this Amendment Agreement, the Facility
SECTION 7.
Continuing Effectiveness, etc.
 
Agreement, as amended hereby, and each other Finance Document to which such Obligor is a party will remain in full force and effect and will continue to constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Obligor, enforceable against such Obligor in accordance with its terms. Without limiting the foregoing, the Account Party represents and warrants that (a) the Re-domestication will not interrupt the continued corporate existence of the Account Party and (b) all of the assets, property, rights, liabilities and obligations of the Account Party immediately prior to the Re-domestication (including all rights, liabilities and obligations of the Account Party under the Finance Documents) will continue to be the assets, property, rights, liabilities and obligations of the Account Party after the Re-domestication.
.
SECTION 8.
Miscellaneous
8.1 . After the effectiveness hereof, all references to the Facility Agreement set forth in any other agreement or instrument shall, unless otherwise specifically provided, be references to the Facility Agreement as amended hereby. Except as so amended, the Facility Agreement and the other Finance Documents shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms. The Obligors agree that the waiver described in is limited to the specific terms thereof and shall not constitute or be deemed a waiver of any other Default or Event of Default or of any right or remedy arising as a result of any such other Default or Event of Default.
Effect of Amendment Agreement
Section 2
8.2 . This Amendment Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law.
Governing Law
8.3 . This Amendment Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the respective successors and assigns of the parties hereto.
Successors and Assigns
8.4 . Headings used herein are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the meaning of this Amendment Agreement.
Construction
8.5 . Clauses 1.8 (), 32 () and 37 () of the Facility Agreement shall apply hereto as if fully set forth herein, (it being understood that references therein to "this Agreement" or "the Finance Documents" are references to this Amendment Agreement).
Incorporation of Certain Provisions
Third party Rights
Remedies and Waivers, Partial Invalidity
Jurisdiction
mutatis mutandis
8.6 . This Amendment Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery to the Agent of a signed counterpart hereof, or signature page hereto, by facsimile or e-mail (in a .pdf or similar file) shall be effective as delivery of an original manually-signed counterpart.
Counterparts
8.7 . Each Obligor shall, at the request of the Agent and at its own expense, do all such acts and things necessary or desirable to give effect to the amendments effected or to be effected pursuant to this Amendment Agreement.
Further Assurances
 
, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized officers as of the date first above written.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 

Exhibit 10.6
EXECUTION COPY
dated as of July 10, 2008 (this "") amends the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2007 (the "") among ACE Limited (the ""), certain subsidiaries thereof, various financial institutions and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the respective meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement.
THIS FIRST AMENDMENT AND WAIVER
Amendment
Credit Agreement
Parent
WHEREAS, the Parent has informed the Administrative Agent that the Parent expects to re-domesticate to move its place of incorporation from the Cayman Islands to Switzerland; and
WHEREAS, the Parent has requested and the parties have agreed to amend the Credit Agreement in certain respects as more fully set forth below.
NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:
. Subject to the conditions set forth in , the Credit Agreement is amended as set forth in this .
SECTION 1.
Amendments to Credit Agreement
Section 4
Section 1
1.1 The recital of the parties to the Credit Agreement is amended by deleting the language ", a Cayman Islands company" immediately following the phrase "among ACE Limited" therein.
1.2 Section 1.01 is amended by adding the following defined terms in appropriate alphabetical sequence:
"" means, collectively, the guidelines numbered S-02.122.1 (4-1999), S-02.122.2 (4-1999), S-02.123 (9-1986), S-02.128 (1-2000) and S-02.130.1 (4-1999) issued by the Swiss Federal Tax Administration.
Guidelines
"" means a Person that is not a Qualifying Lender.
Non-Qualifying Lender
"" means a Person that conducts effectively banking activities, with its own infrastructure and staff, as its principal business purpose and that has a banking license in full force and effect issued in accordance with the banking laws of its jurisdiction of organization or, if acting through a branch, issued in accordance with the banking laws in the jurisdiction of such branch.
Qualifying Lender
"" means Swiss anticipatory tax ().
Swiss Withholding Tax
Verrechnungssteuer
"" means the rule that not more than ten creditors of the Parent under this Agreement may be Non-Qualifying Lenders (as provided in the applicable Guidelines) without triggering Swiss Withholding Tax.
Ten Non-Bank Rule
"" means the rule that not more than 20 creditors of the Parent under all interest-bearing obligations for borrowed money of the Parent may be Non-Qualifying Lenders (as provided in the applicable Guidelines) without triggering Swiss Withholding Tax.
Twenty Non-Bank Rule
1.3 The definition of "Affected Lender" in Section 1.01 is amended by (a) substituting a comma for the word "or" immediately before the reference to "(iii)" therein and (b) adding the following new clause before the period at the end of thereof:
or (iv) becomes a Non-Qualifying Lender if the Parent determines such Lender's continuation as a Lender would, or would be reasonably likely to, result in Swiss Withholding Tax being applicable to any payment under this Agreement.
1.4 Section 2.08 is amended by adding the following new clauses (d) and (e) at the end thereof:
(d) . The various rates of interest provided for in this Agreement are minimum interest rates. The parties hereto have assumed that interest at such rates is not and will not become subject to Swiss Withholding Tax. Notwithstanding that the parties hereto do not anticipate that any payment of interest will be subject to Swiss Withholding Tax, each Lender, the Parent and the Administrative Agent agree that if Swiss Withholding Tax is imposed on any interest payment by the Parent to any Lender and it is unlawful for any reason for the Parent to comply with Section 2.13 when it would otherwise be required to make any payment under such Section, then any payment of interest to be made by the Parent to such Lender shall be increased to an amount which (after making any deduction of the Non-refundable Portion of Swiss Withholding Tax as defined below) results in a payment to such Lender of an amount equal to the payment which would have been due had no deduction of Swiss Withholding Tax been required. In calculating the amount due pursuant to the foregoing sentence, Swiss Withholding Tax shall be calculated on the full grossed-up interest amount. For purposes of the foregoing, "Non-refundable Portion of Swiss Withholding Tax" means Swiss Withholding Tax at the standard rate (which, as of July 1, 2008, is 35%) unless according to an applicable double tax treaty, the Non-refundable Portion of Swiss Withholding Tax for any Lender is a specified lower rate, in which case such lower rate shall be applied in relation to such Lender. No payment pursuant to this clause (d) shall be in duplication of any payment pursuant to Section 2.13.
Minimum Interest Rates
(e) If a Lender shall become aware that it is entitled to claim a refund from a governmental authority in respect of increased interest paid pursuant to clause (d) above, such Lender shall promptly notify the Parent of the availability of such refund claim and shall, within 30 days after receipt of a request by the Parent, make a claim to such governmental authority for such refund at the Parent's expense, if obtaining such refund would not, in the good faith judgment of such Lender, be materially disadvantageous to such Lender; that nothing in this clause (e) shall be construed to require any Lender to institute any
Refunds of Increased Interest.
provided
 
administrative proceeding (other than the filing of a claim for any such refund) or judicial proceeding to obtain any such refund. If a Lender determines, in its sole discretion, that it has received a refund in respect of any increased interest paid pursuant to clause (d) above, such Lender shall, within 60 days from the date of such receipt, pay over such refund to the Parent (but only to the extent of the increased interest paid by the Parent under clause (d) above giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses of such Lender in obtaining such refund and without interest (other than interest paid by the relevant governmental authority with respect to the relevant portion of such refund); that the Parent, upon request of such Lender, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Parent (plus penalties, interest or other charges) to such Lender in the event such Lender is required to repay such refund to such governmental authority. Nothing in this clause (e) shall be construed to require any Lender to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes which it deems confidential) to the Parent or any other Person.
provided
1.5 Section 5.01(e) is amended by adding the phrase "or if such disclosure would violate any applicable law" before the period at the end thereof.
1.6 Section 5.01 is amended by adding the following new Section (k) at the end thereof:
(k) . In the case of the Parent, ensure that (a) it complies with the Ten Non-Bank Rule and the Twenty Non-Bank Rule; and (b) the aggregate number of Lenders and holders of participations, sub-participations or other interests in any Lender's rights hereunder that are Non-Qualifying Lenders does not exceed ten at any time; that under no circumstances shall any failure of the Parent to comply with this Section 5.01(k), or the application of Swiss Withholding Tax to any payment hereunder, be a Default hereunder.
Ten Non-Bank Rule and Twenty Non-Bank Rule
provided
1.7 Section 9.06(b) is amended by (a) adding "(i)" in the third sentence thereof immediately after the phrase "participating interest shall provide that" and (b) adding the following text before the period at the end of such sentence:
; and (ii) no further participation, sub-participation or other transfer by the Participant of any rights or obligations thereunder may be made in violation of Section 9.06(f).
1.8 Section 9.06 is amended by adding the following new Section (f) at the end thereof:
(f) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 9.06, Section 9.07 or any other provision of this Agreement, no Lender or Participant may assign, participate, sub-participate or otherwise transfer any ownership interest in (any of the foregoing, a "") any of its rights or obligations hereunder (including any right to provide all or any portion of any Loan as contemplated by Section 9.07), under any other Loan Document or under any participation agreement or similar document unless (i) the proposed assignee,
Transfer
 
participant, sub-participant or other transferee (any of the foregoing, a "") has delivered a certificate to such Lender, the Administrative Agent and the Parent confirming that it is a Qualifying Lender; or (b) not less than five Business Days' prior to the proposed Transfer, such Lender has delivered to the Parent (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) a written request for the Parent's consent to such Transfer, which request shall identify the proposed Transferee. The Parent will not unreasonably withhold or delay its consent to any Transfer, that (A) the Parent may condition such consent upon its receipt of a copy of a ruling from the Swiss Federal Tax Administration to the effect that such Transferee will be treated as a single Non-Qualifying Lender for purposes of Swiss Withholding Tax matters; and (B) the Parent may withhold its consent if such Transfer would result in a breach of the Ten Non-Bank Rule or the Twenty Non-Bank Rule or otherwise result in any payment by any Loan Party hereunder becoming subject to Swiss Withholding Tax. If any Lender makes any Transfer in violation of this Section 9.06(f), then (1) such Lender shall reimburse and indemnify the Parent for all losses, liabilities, taxes, costs and expenses incurred as a result thereof and (2) the Parent shall not be required to make any increased payment to such Lender or the applicable Transferee pursuant to Section 2.08(d) or Section 2.13. The provisions of this Section 9.06(f) shall terminate and be of no further force or effect if the Advances, all interest thereon and all other amounts payable under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents have become forthwith due and payable (at maturity, by acceleration or otherwise).
Transferee
provided
1.9 Section 9.11(a) is amended by inserting the phrase "in the Borough of Manhattan" immediately after the phrase "court of the United States of America sitting" therein.
1.10 The first sentence of Section 9.11(b) is amended by adding the phrase "sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City" immediately before the period at the end thereof.
1.11 The following new Section 9.16 is added in the appropriate numerical sequence:
Section 9.16. . (a) If the Ten Non-Bank Rule, the Twenty Non-Bank Rule or any other law, rule or guideline regarding Swiss Withholding Tax is amended in any material respect after July 1, 2008, then the Parent or the Administrative Agent may (and, upon request of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent shall), by written notice to the other, request that this Agreement be amended to reflect such change. Promptly after any such request, the Parent and the Administrative Agent shall enter into discussions regarding an amendment hereto that will place the parties hereto in substantially the same position (or in a different position acceptable to the Parent and the Required Lenders) from a Swiss Withholding Tax perspective as they would have been in if the change had not happened. Without limiting the foregoing, (i) the Parent agrees that it will promptly agree to any amendment requested by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders that would ease the restrictions set forth in Section 9.06(f) if such amendment would not result in any greater risk that Swiss Withholding Tax would be applicable to any payment under this Agreement;
Certain Swiss Withholding Tax Matters
 
and (ii) the Lenders and the Administrative Agent agree that they will promptly agree to any amendment requested by the Parent that would change the restrictions set forth in Section 9.06(f) if such amendment is necessary to avoid the risk that Swiss Withholding Tax would be applicable to any payment under this Agreement and is not unduly burdensome to the Lenders.
(b) Each Lender agrees that it will, and will cause any Person to which it sells any participation to, promptly notify the Parent and the Administrative Agent if for any reason it ceases to be a Qualifying Lender. Without limiting the foregoing, if at any time the Parent reasonably believes that any Lender's status for Swiss Withholding Tax purposes has changed, then the Parent may request that such Lender (and each Lender agrees that under such circumstances it will) promptly confirm whether it is a Qualifying Lender or a Non-Qualifying Lender.
1.12 Exhibit C (the Form of Assignment and Assumption) is amended by adding the following new Section 8 in appropriate numerical sequence:
Section 8. . The Assignee represents to the Administrative Agent, the Parent and the Lenders, on the date on which it becomes a party to the Credit Agreement, that it is [not a Qualifying Lender][a Qualifying Lender] for purposes of Swiss Withholding Tax.
Swiss Withholding Tax Matters
1.13 Exhibit E (the Form of Designation Agreement) is amended by adding the following new Section 8 in appropriate numerical sequence:
8. The Designee represents to the Administrative Agent, the Parent and the Lenders, on the date on which it becomes a party to the Credit Agreement, that it is [not a Qualifying Lender][a Qualifying Lender] for purposes of Swiss Withholding Tax.
. The Required Lenders waive any Default that may arise under Section 5.01(d) of the Credit Agreement upon the re-domestication of the Parent to move its place of incorporation from the Cayman Islands to Switzerland in the third or fourth quarter of 2008 (the "").
SECTION 2.
Waiver
Re-domestication
. The Parent represents and warrants as follows:
SECTION 3.
Representations and Warranties
3.1 . The execution, delivery and performance by the Parent of this Amendment are within its corporate powers, have been duly authorised by all necessary corporate action, require no action by or in respect of, or filing with, any governmental body, agency or official and do not contravene, or constitute a default under, any provision of applicable law or regulation or of the memorandum of association, articles of association or by-laws (or any comparable document) of any Loan Party or of any material agreement, judgment, injunction, order, decree or other instrument binding upon any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries.
Authorization
 
3.2 . This Amendment constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Parent enforceable against the Parent in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws of general application affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights, the application of equitable principles, the non-availability of the equitable remedies of specific performance or injunctive relief and, with respect to matters of Swiss law, the limitations and qualifications set forth in the opinion letter referred to in below.
Enforceability
Section 5
3.3 . After giving effect to this Amendment: (a) each representation and warranty of the Loan Parties contained in Section 4.01 of the Credit Agreement is true and correct on and as of the date hereof with the same effect as if made on and as of the date hereof (except to the extent any such representation or warranty is expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, in which case such representation or warranty was true and correct as of such date) and (b) no Default has occurred and is continuing.
Representations and Warranties; No Default
. This Amendment (including the waiver set forth in ) shall become effective as of the date set forth above when the Administrative Agent has received counterparts hereof signed by the Required Lenders and the Parent; that the amendments set forth in shall not become effective until the occurrence of the Re-domestication.
SECTION 4.
Effectiveness of Amendment
Section 2
provided
Section 1
. The Parent agrees that it will, within three Business Days after the effectiveness of the Re-domestication, deliver to the Administrative Agent (a) copies of the constitutional documents of the Parent as in effect after the Re-domestication, certified as being true and correct by an officer of the Parent; and (b) an opinion letter of Swiss counsel to the Parent substantially in the form of (and the Parent acknowledges and agrees that failure to timely deliver such items shall constitute an Event of Default).
SECTION 5.
Post-Closing Requirements
Exhibit A
The Parent affirms that after giving effect to the Re-domestication and the effectiveness of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement, as amended hereby, and each other Loan Document to which any Loan Party is a party will remain in full force and effect and will continue to constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms. Without limiting the foregoing, the Parent represents and warrants that (a) the Re-domestication will not interrupt the continued corporate existence of the Parent and (b) all of the assets, property, rights, liabilities and obligations of the Parent immediately prior to the Re-domestication (including all rights, liabilities and obligations of the Parent under the Loan Documents) will continue to be the assets, property, rights, liabilities and obligations of the Parent after the Re-domestication.
SECTION 6.
Continuing Effectiveness, etc.
. Each Lender that is a party to this Amendment represents and warrants to the Parent and the Administrative Agent that, as of the date hereof, (a) it is a Qualifying Lender (as such term is defined in the Credit Agreement as amended hereby); (b) except as previously disclosed in writing to the Parent, such Lender has not assigned, participated, sub-participated or otherwise transferred any ownership interest in any of its rights or obligations under the Credit Agreement; and (c) it will not, without prior written notice to the Parent, assign, participate, sub-participate or otherwise transfer any ownership interest in any of its rights or obligations under the Credit Agreement prior to the date of the Re-domestication.
SECTION 7.
Swiss Withholding Tax Matters
 
.
SECTION 8.
Miscellaneous
8.1 . After the effectiveness hereof, all references to the Credit Agreement set forth in any other agreement or instrument shall, unless otherwise specifically provided, be references to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby. Except as so amended, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms. The Parent agrees that the waiver described in is limited to the specific terms thereof and shall not constitute or be deemed a waiver of any other Default or of any right or remedy arising as a result of any such other Default.
Effect of Amendment
Section 2
8.2 . Headings used herein are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the meaning of this Amendment.
Construction
8.3 . Sections 1.02, 9.03, 9.06(a), 9.11 and 9.12 of the Credit Agreement shall apply hereto as if fully set forth herein, (it being understood that references therein to "this Agreement" or "the Loan Documents" are references to this Amendment).
Incorporation of Certain Provisions
mutatis mutandis
8.4 . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery to the Administrative Agent of a signed counterpart hereof, or signature page hereto, by facsimile or e-mail (in a .pdf or similar file) shall be effective as delivery of an original manually-signed counterpart.
Counterparts
8.5 . Each Loan Party shall, at the request of the Administrative Agent and at its own expense, do all such acts and things necessary or desirable to give effect to the amendments effected or to be effected pursuant to this Amendment.
Further Assurances
 
, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their duly authorized officers as of the date first above written.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 
 
Signature Page to First Amendment to
ACE / JPMorgan Credit Agreement
 
Signature Page to First Amendment to
ACE / JPMorgan Credit Agreement
 
Signature Page to First Amendment to
ACE / JPMorgan Credit Agreement

Exhibit 10.7
EXECUTION COPY
dated as of July 10, 2008 (this "") amends the Second Amended and Restated Reimbursement Agreement dated as of November 8, 2007 (the "") among ACE Limited (the ""), certain subsidiaries thereof, various financial institutions and Wachovia Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the respective meanings set forth in the Reimbursement Agreement.
THIS FIRST AMENDMENT AND WAIVER
Amendment
Reimbursement Agreement
Parent
WHEREAS, the Parent has informed the Administrative Agent that the Parent expects to re-domesticate to move its place of incorporation from the Cayman Islands to Switzerland; and
WHEREAS, the Parent has requested and the parties have agreed to amend the Reimbursement Agreement in certain respects as more fully set forth below.
NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:
. Subject to the conditions set forth in , the Reimbursement Agreement is amended as set forth in this .
SECTION 1.
Amendments to the Reimbursement Agreement
Section 4
Section 1
1.1 The recital of parties to the Reimbursement Agreement is amended by deleting the clause ", a Cayman Islands company" immediately following the phrase "among ACE Limited" in its entirety.
1.2 The last sentence of Section 2.01 is amended by adding the words "wholly-owned" immediately before the words "Subsidiary of the Parent" therein.
1.3 Section 5.01(e) is amended by adding the phrase "or if such disclosure would violate any applicable law" before the period at the end thereof.
1.4 The first sentence of Section 9.11(a) is amended by inserting the phrase "in the Borough of Manhattan" immediately after the phrase "court of the United States of America sitting" therein.
1.5 The first sentence of Section 9.11(b) is amended by adding the phrase "sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City" immediately before the period at the end thereof.
. The Required Banks waive any Default that may arise under Section 5.01(d) of the Reimbursement Agreement upon the re-domestication of the Parent to move its place of incorporation from the Cayman Islands to Switzerland in the third or fourth quarter of 2008 (the "").
SECTION 2.
Waiver
Re-domestication
. The Parent represents and warrants as follows:
SECTION 3.
Representations and Warranties
3.1 . The execution, delivery and performance by the Parent of this Amendment are within its corporate powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, require no action by or in respect of, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or other
Authorization
Person and do not contravene, or constitute a default under, any provision of applicable law or regulation or of the memorandum of association, articles of association or by-laws (or any comparable document) of any Account Party or of any material agreement, judgment, injunction, order, decree or other instrument binding upon any Account Party or any of its Subsidiaries or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of any Account Party or any of its Subsidiaries.
3.2 . This Amendment constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Parent enforceable against the Parent in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws of general application affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights, the application of equitable principles, the non-availability of the equitable remedies of specific performance or injunctive relief and, with respect to matters of Swiss law, the limitations and qualifications set forth in the opinion letter referred to in below.
Enforceability
Section 5
3.3 . After giving effect to this Amendment: (a) each representation and warranty of the Account Parties contained in Section 4.01 of the Reimbursement Agreement is true and correct on and as of the date hereof with the same effect as if made on and as of the date hereof (except to the extent any such representation or warranty is expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, in which case such representation or warranty was true and correct as of such date) and (b) no Default has occurred and is continuing.
Representations and Warranties; No Default
. This Amendment (including the waiver set forth in ) shall become effective as of the date set forth above when the Administrative Agent has received counterparts hereof signed by the Required Banks, Wachovia in its capacity as an Issuing Bank and the Parent; that the amendments set forth in shall not become effective until the occurrence of the Re-domestication.
SECTION 4.
Effectiveness of Amendment
Section 2
provided
Section 1
. The Parent agrees that it will, within three Business Days after the effectiveness of the Re-domestication, deliver to the Administrative Agent (a) copies of the constitutional documents of the Parent as in effect after the Re-domestication, certified as being true and correct by an officer of the Parent; and (b) an opinion letter of Swiss counsel to the Parent substantially in the form of (and the Parent acknowledges and agrees that failure to timely deliver such items shall constitute an Event of Default).
SECTION 5.
Post-Closing Requirements
Exhibit A
The Parent affirms that after giving effect to the Re-domestication and the effectiveness of this Amendment, the Reimbursement Agreement, as amended hereby, and each other Loan Document to which any Account Party is a party will remain in full force and effect and will continue to constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Account Party, enforceable against such Account Party in accordance with its terms. Without limiting the foregoing, the Parent represents and warrants that (a) the Re-domestication will not interrupt the continued corporate existence of the Parent and (b) all of the assets, property, rights, liabilities and obligations of the Parent immediately prior to the Re-domestication (including all rights, liabilities and obligations of the Parent under the Loan Documents) will continue to be the assets, property, rights, liabilities and obligations of the Parent after the Re-domestication.
SECTION 6.
Continuing Effectiveness, etc.
.
SECTION 7.
Miscellaneous
7.1 . After the effectiveness hereof, all references to the
Effect of Amendment
 
Reimbursement Agreement set forth in any other agreement or instrument shall, unless otherwise specifically provided, be references to the Reimbursement Agreement as amended hereby. Except as so amended, the Reimbursement Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms. The Parent agrees that the waiver described in is limited to the specific terms thereof and shall not constitute or be deemed a waiver of any other Default or of any right or remedy arising as a result of any such other Default.
Section 2
7.2 . Headings used herein are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the meaning of this Amendment.
Construction
7.3 . Sections 1.02, 9.03, 9.06, 9.11 and 9.12 of the Reimbursement Agreement shall apply hereto as if fully set forth herein, (it being understood that references therein to "this Agreement" or "the Loan Documents" are references to this Amendment).
Incorporation of Certain Provisions
mutatis mutandis
7.4 . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery to the Administrative Agent of a signed counterpart hereof, or signature page hereto, by facsimile or e-mail (in a .pdf or similar file) shall be effective as delivery of an original manually-signed counterpart.
Counterparts
7.5 . Each Account Party shall, at the request of the Administrative Agent and at its own expense, do all such acts and things necessary or desirable to give effect to the amendments effected or to be effected pursuant to this Amendment.
Further Assurances
 
, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their duly authorized officers as of the date first above written.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 
Signature Page to First Amendment to
Ace / Wachovia Reimbursement Agreement
Signature Page to First Amendment to
Ace / Wachovia Reimbursement Agreement
Signature Page to First Amendment to
Ace / Wachovia Reimbursement Agreement

Exhibit 10.8
EXECUTION COPY
dated as of July 10, 2008 (this "") amends the Term Loan Agreement dated as of April 1, 2008 (the "") among ACE INA Holdings Inc. (the ""), ACE Limited (the ""), certain subsidiaries of the Parent, various financial institutions and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the respective meanings set forth in the Loan Agreement.
THIS FIRST AMENDMENT AND WAIVER
Amendment
Loan Agreement
Borrower
Parent
WHEREAS, the Parent has informed the Administrative Agent that the Parent expects to re-domesticate to move its place of incorporation from the Cayman Islands to Switzerland; and
WHEREAS, the Parent has requested and the parties have agreed to amend the Loan Agreement in certain respects as more fully set forth below.
NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:
. Subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4, the Loan Agreement is amended as set forth in this Section 1.
SECTION 1.
Amendments to Loan Agreement
1.1 Section 2.12 is amended by (a) adding "(a)" immediately following the title thereof and (b) adding the following new Section (b) at the end thereof:
(b) No proceeds of any Advance may be used directly or indirectly in Switzerland.
1.2 Section 5.01(e) is amended by adding the phrase "or if such disclosure would violate any applicable law" before the period at the end thereof.
1.3 The first sentence of Section 9.10(a) is amended by inserting the phrase "in the Borough of Manhattan" immediately after the phrase "court of the United States of America sitting" therein.
1.4 The first sentence of Section 9.10(b) is amended by adding the phrase "sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City" immediately before the period at the end thereof.
. The Required Lenders waive any Default that may arise under Section 5.01(d) of the Loan Agreement upon the re-domestication of the Parent to move its place of incorporation from the Cayman Islands to Switzerland in the third or fourth quarter of 2008 (the "").
SECTION 2.
Waiver
Re-domestication
. The Parent represents and warrants as follows:
SECTION 3.
Representations and Warranties
3.1 . The execution, delivery and performance by the Parent of this Amendment are within its corporate powers, have been duly authorised by all necessary corporate action, require no action by or in respect of, or filing with, any governmental body, agency or
Authorization
official and do not contravene, or constitute a default under, any provision of applicable law or regulation or of the memorandum of association, articles of association or by-laws (or any comparable document) of any Loan Party or of any material agreement, judgment, injunction, order, decree or other instrument binding upon any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries.
3.2 . This Amendment constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Parent enforceable against the Parent in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws of general application affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights, the application of equitable principles, the non-availability of the equitable remedies of specific performance or injunctive relief and, with respect to matters of Swiss law, the limitations and qualifications set forth in the opinion letter referred to in below.
Enforceability
Section 5
3.3 . After giving effect to this Amendment: (a) each representation and warranty of the Loan Parties contained in Section 4.01 of the Loan Agreement is true and correct on and as of the date hereof with the same effect as if made on and as of the date hereof (except to the extent any such representation or warranty is expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, in which case such representation or warranty was true and correct as of such date) and (b) no Default has occurred and is continuing.
Representations and Warranties; No Default
. This Amendment (including the waiver set forth in ) shall become effective as of the date set forth above when the Administrative Agent has received counterparts hereof signed by the Required Lenders and the Parent; that the amendments set forth in shall not become effective until the occurrence of the Re-domestication.
SECTION 4.
Effectiveness of Amendment
Section 2
provided
Section 1
. The Parent agrees that it will, within three Business Days after the effectiveness of the Re-domestication, deliver to the Administrative Agent (a) copies of the constitutional documents of the Parent as in effect after the Re-domestication, certified as being true and correct by an officer of the Parent; and (b) an opinion letter of Swiss counsel to the Parent substantially in the form of (and the Parent acknowledges and agrees that failure to timely deliver such items shall constitute an Event of Default).
SECTION 5.
Post-Closing Requirements
Exhibit A
The Parent affirms that after giving effect to the Re-domestication and the effectiveness of this Amendment, the Loan Agreement, as amended hereby, and each other Loan Document to which any Loan Party is a party will remain in full force and effect and will continue to constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms. Without limiting the foregoing, the Parent represents and warrants that (a) the Re-domestication will not interrupt the continued corporate existence of the Parent and (b) all of the assets, property, rights, liabilities and obligations of the Parent immediately prior to the Re-domestication (including all rights, liabilities and obligations of the Parent under the Loan Documents) will continue to be the assets, property, rights, liabilities and obligations of the Parent after the Re-domestication.
SECTION 6.
Continuing Effectiveness, etc.
.
SECTION 7.
Miscellaneous
7.1 . After the effectiveness hereof, all references to the Loan Agreement set forth in any other agreement or instrument shall, unless otherwise specifically
Effect of Amendment
 
provided, be references to the Loan Agreement as amended hereby. Except as so amended, the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms. The Parent agrees that the waiver described in is limited to the specific terms thereof and shall not constitute or be deemed a waiver of any other Default or of any right or remedy arising as a result of any such other Default.
Section 2
7.2 . Headings used herein are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the meaning of this Amendment.
Construction
7.3 . Sections 1.02, 9.03, 9.06(a), 9.10, 9.11, 9.12 and 9.13 of the Loan Agreement shall apply hereto as if fully set forth herein, (it being understood that references therein to "this Agreement" or "the Loan Documents" are references to this Amendment).
Incorporation of Certain Provisions
mutatis mutandis
7.4 . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery to the Administrative Agent of a signed counterpart hereof, or signature page hereto, by facsimile or e-mail (in a .pdf or similar file) shall be effective as delivery of an original manually-signed counterpart.
Counterparts
7.5 . Each Loan Party shall, at the request of the Administrative Agent and at its own expense, do all such acts and things necessary or desirable to give effect to the amendments effected or to be effected pursuant to this Amendment.
Further Assurances
 
, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their duly authorized officers as of the date first above written.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 
Signature Page to Amendment to
Ace / BofA Loan Agreement
Signature Page to Amendment to
Ace / BofA Loan Agreement


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20080718111158.txt.gz
TIME:20080718111158
EVENTS:	Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The rights of the Company's Common Shares are governed by the Company's Swiss Articles of Association, which are further described in the Company's proxy statement/prospectus dated May 30, 2008, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) on May 30, 2008 ("the Proxy Statement/Prospectus"), under the headings "Proposal No. 5: Approval of the ContinuationDescription of Share Capital", "Proposal No. 8: Approval of the Rearrangement of the Company's Existing Share Capital" and "Proposal No. 15: Approval of Dividend in the Form of a Par Value Reduction", which is hereby incorporated herein by reference. These Articles of Association became effective upon the Company's re-domestication from the Cayman Islands to Switzerland on July 18, 2008. The Articles of Association are attached hereto as Exhibit 4.1 and are incorporated by reference herein. Exhibit 4.1 contains the Articles of Association, including the numbers that were intentionally left blank in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and which were calculated based on the number of Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding, the determination of the new par value in Swiss francs and the aggregate par value reduction, as further described on the Proxy Statement/Prospectus.
 
The Company's Swiss Articles of Association, which are further described in the Company's Proxy Statement/Prospectus under the heading "Proposal No. 5: Approval of the ContinuationDescription of Share Capital", which is hereby incorporated herein by reference, became effective upon the Company's re-domestication from the Cayman Islands to Switzerland on July 18, 2008.
The Company's Organizational Regulations became effective upon the Company's re-domestication from the Cayman Islands to Switzerland on July 18, 2008.
The Articles of Association and the Organizational Regulations are attached hereto as Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, respectively, and are incorporated by reference herein. Exhibit 4.1 contains the Articles of Association, including the numbers that were intentionally left blank in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and which were calculated based on the number of Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding, the determination of the new par value in Swiss francs and the aggregate par value reduction, as further described on the Proxy Statement/Prospectus.
 
On July 18, 2008, the Company's re-domestication from the Cayman Islands to Switzerland was completed. Upon the effectiveness of the re-domestication, the Company's CUSIP number was changed to H0023R 10 5. See the Company's press release dated July 18, 2008, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and which is incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: July 18, 2008

Exhibit 4.1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 4.2
Contents
 
 
 
 
The board of directors of ACE Limited, Switzerland, ("") issues the following organizational regulations ("") based on art. 716b CO and art. 19 of the articles of association of ACE Limited ("").
Company
Organizational Regulations
Articles of Association
 
The Organizational Regulations define the organization and responsibilities of the executive bodies, i.e. the board of directors and its members (""), its committees and its chairman, the delegate of the board of directors and the chief executive officer as well as the executive management of the Company and its subsidiaries (together with the Company the ""). They implement and supplement applicable law and the Articles of Association by establishing binding rules regarding the organization of the Group and its overall management.
Board Members
Group
 
The executive bodies of the Company are:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors is entitled to pass resolutions on all matters which are not delegated to, or reserved for, the shareholders meeting or another body of the Company by law, the Articles of Association or the Organizational Regulations.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors has the following further powers and responsibilities with regard to the Company and the Group:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors delegates the management of the Company and the Group to the Chief Executive Officer and the other members of the Executive Management as provided for by these Organizational Regulations.
Board Members will have complete and open access to the Chief Executive Officer, chief financial officer, general counsel, chief compliance officer and the head of internal audit.
 
The Board of Directors shall elect a Chairman as well as a Lead Director (who also acts as vice-chairman) from amongst its members. The Chairman may also be appointed as the Chief Executive Officer, i.e. the Delegate.
 
The Board of Directors shall appoint a Secretary (a person keeping the minutes and assisting in the preparation of board meetings) who need not to be a member of the Board of Directors.
 
 
 
 
In case of urgency shorter notice periods are permitted. If all Board Members are present and agree, deviations from these formal requirements are permitted; in particular, decisions can be taken that are not mentioned on the agenda.
Furthermore, these formal requirements do not have to be observed, if a meeting is only convened in order to record the implementation of a capital increase, to pass resolutions regarding the amendments of the Articles of Association entailed therewith and to adopt the report on the capital increase.
 
 
 
 
A quorum of Board Members shall not be required in order to record the implementation of a capital increase, to pass resolutions regarding the amendments of the Articles of Association entailed therewith and to adopt the report on the capital increase.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors shall submit nominations of new Board Members for election at the shareholders meeting that ensure an adequate size and well-balanced composition of the Board of Directors and further ensure that a majority of the Board Members are independent within applicable legal and stock exchange requirements.
 
 
 
The Chairman shall preside over the shareholders meeting. Together with the person keeping the minutes, he/she shall sign the minutes of the shareholders meeting.
The Chairman has the right to call in third parties as advisors in meetings of the Board of Directors.
 
 
If the Chairman of the Board of Directors is prevented from performing his/her duties, they shall be performed by the Lead Director.
 
The Board of Directors shall appoint a Lead Director, who shall have the following responsibilities, together with such others as the Board of Directors might from time to time specify:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Each Committee is constituted by a chairman and at least one further member, each appointed by the Board of Directors among its members.
 
The term of a membership in a Committee is one year upon appointment.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Meetings of the executive committee ("") are convened in accordance with Clause 5.4. Additionally, the Delegate and the Chief Executive Officer may request a meeting.
Executive Committee
 
In case of urgencies, the Executive Committee is to exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the ultimate management of the business and affairs of the Company between the meetings of the Board of Directors, except (a) as limited by Clause 2.1, the Company's Articles of Association, rules of the New York Stock Exchange or applicable law or regulation and (b) matters that are specifically reserved for another Committee of the Board of Directors.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Nominating and Governance Committee is to assist the Board of Directors in (1) identifying individuals qualified to become Board Members, and recommending to the Board Members nominees for the next annual general shareholders meeting or to fill vacancies; and (2) developing and recommending to the Board of Directors corporate governance guidelines for the Group.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors may designate one or more additional committees, each such committee to consist of such person or persons as may be designated by the Board of Directors. Except as expressly limited by law or by the Company's Articles of Association or by resolution of the Board of Directors, any such committee shall have and may exercise such powers and adopt such procedures as the Board of Directors may determine and specify in the resolution designating such committee.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In case of urgency shorter notice periods are permitted. If all members of the Executive Management are present and agree, deviations from these formal requirements are permitted; in particular, decisions can be taken that are not mentioned on the agenda.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Group internal audit ("") shall examine and evaluate the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's internal control environment, and the quality of performance in carrying out assigned responsibilities to achieve the Group's goals and objectives.
Group Internal Audit
In fulfilling its responsibilities, Group Internal Audit shall:
 
 
 
 
 
The organizational structure of Group Internal Audit and resource requirements necessary for Group Internal Audit to perform its activities shall be defined by the head of Group Internal Audit and submitted to the Audit Committee for approval. The head of Group Internal Audit shall review and approve all new hires and terminations of staff.
 
Group Internal Audit shall adhere to the Group's guidelines and procedures and Group Internal Audit's organization and processes manuals and guidelines or to such other standards as required by applicable law or regulation.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board Members as well as all other executive bodies and employees are obliged to maintain secrecy towards third parties regarding all facts they obtain knowledge of during the performance of their duties. These duties of non-disclosure survive the termination of the relationship of the respective individual with the Company.
 
Upon termination of the relationship with the Company all business files must be returned with the exception of documents used by a Board Member to follow-up his/her own actions.
 
The business year of the Company starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December.
 
 
These Organizational Regulations shall enter into force on the date of adoption by the Board of Directors; be it in a meeting or by circular resolution.
 
These Organizational Regulations shall be reviewed and if necessary amended on a regular basis by the Board of Directors.
 
The Company shall indemnify, in accordance with and to the full extent now or hereafter permitted by law, any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (including, without limitation, an action by or in the right of the Company), by reason of his acting as a director, officer, employee or agent of, or his acting in any other capacity for or on behalf of, the Company, against any liability or expense actually and reasonably incurred by such person in respect thereof. The Company may advance the expenses of defending any such act, suit or proceeding in accordance with and to the full extent now or hereafter permitted by law. Such indemnification and advancement of expenses are not exclusive of any other right to indemnification or advancement of expenses provided by law or otherwise.
The Board of Directors may authorize the Company to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company,
 
or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of another company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, or in a fiduciary or other capacity with respect to any employee benefit plan maintained by the Company, against any liability asserted against him and incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Article 18.
 
Hamilton, Bermuda
July 14, 2008
The Chairman of the Board of Directors:
 

Exhibit 4.3

Exhibit 99.1
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
HAMILTON, Bermuda  July 18, 2008  ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) announced today that it has completed the previously-announced re-domestication of the Company from the Cayman Islands to Zurich, Switzerland. ACE continues to be registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and prepare its financial statements in U.S dollars and in accordance with U.S. GAAP reporting. Shareholders will continue to receive dividends in U.S. dollars, and the Company's common shares will continue to trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol "ACE."
At the ACE Annual General Meeting, held July 10 and 14, 2008, ACE's shareholders approved all proposals voted upon. The re-domestication became official following governmental filings made in the Cayman Islands and Switzerland, and the establishment of the holding company in Zurich. Certain corporate governance and other changes effected as part of the re-domestication, including new charter documents and the increase in the par value of common shares of the Company, are described in SEC filings on Form 8-K and the Company's proxy statement/prospectus dated May 30, 2008, available at . The business of the ACE Group of Companies was not otherwise materially affected by the re-domestication.
www.sec.gov
"This is an historic day for ACE as we commence operations as a Swiss company," said Evan G. Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited. "We are grateful to our shareholders, who understand the strategic wisdom of this move and overwhelmingly adopted all of our re-domestication proposals."
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, the ACE Group of Companies conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acelimited.com
:
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
Forward-looking statements made in this press release reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements about its business and operations following the re-domestication, and the anticipated effects of the re-domestication, could be affected by risks such as if the Company encounters difficulties with the transition to a new jurisdiction of incorporation and statutory regime. In addition, the Company's business in general will continue to be subject to risks including competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments and actual settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, actual market developments, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20080729184636.txt.gz
TIME:20080729184636
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On July 29, 2008, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its second quarter 2008 results and the availability of its second quarter financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: July 29, 2008
 

Exhibit 99.1
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported net income for the second quarter ended June 30, 2008, of $2.20 per common share after payment of preferred dividends, compared with $1.93 per share for the same quarter last year. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) for the second quarter was $2.18 per share, compared with $1.98 per share for the same quarter of last year.
ZURICH, Switzerland  July 29, 2008
(1)
The quarter was marked by financial market volatility in both the credit and equity markets, which impacted net income and book value. The net realized and unrealized loss after tax was $524 million for the quarter. This loss is the result of market pricing changes only. Actual credit-related impairments included in this number were insignificant, at approximately $28 million. Book value increased $149 million for the quarter excluding the redemption of preferred shares, and the annualized return on average equity was 17.8%.
(2)
The results for the quarter reflect the acquisition of Combined Insurance Company of America and certain of its subsidiaries (Combined Insurance) effective April 1, 2008.
 
Net income for the first six months of 2008 was $3.31 per share, compared with $4.02 per share for the first six months of 2007. For the first six months of 2008, income excluding net realized gains (losses) was $4.33 per share, compared with $3.95 per share for the same period of 2007.
(1) 
Book value increased $207 million for the first six months excluding the redemption of preferred shares. The results for the first six months reflect the acquisition of Combined Insurance effective April 1, 2008.
 
Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "It was a record quarter for ACE, with after-tax operating income increasing 11% to $738 million. All divisions of the company performed well and contributed to a return on equity of almost 18%. Additionally, our revenue and earnings benefited from the consolidation of Combined Insurance. Global insurance market conditions are soft and will remain so for the foreseeable future, as will the difficult financial and economic conditions. Nonetheless, I remain confident in our ability to produce superior results. We are well positioned for the future."
Other operating highlights were as follows:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Details of our financial results for our business segments are available in the ACE Limited Financial Supplement. Key segment items include:
 
 
 
 
Please refer to the ACE Limited Financial Supplement dated June 30, 2008, which is posted on the company's website in the Investor Information section, and access Financial Reports for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, investment portfolio and capital structure. The URL reference is:
http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/irol/10/100907/fin_supp_june_30_2008.xls
. (Due to the length of this URL, it may be necessary to copy and paste this hyperlink into your Internet browser's URL address field.)
ACE will host its second quarter earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday, July 30, 2008, beginning at 8:30 a.m. ET. The earnings conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 888-797-3006 (within the United States) or 913-312-0969 (international); passcode 4049134. Please refer to the ACE Limited website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available for approximately one month. To listen to the replay, dial: 888-203-1112 (in the United States) or 719-457-0820 (international); passcode 4049134.
www.acelimited.com
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, the ACE Group of Companies conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: www.acelimited.com.
 
is a common performance measurement for insurance companies. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in Other (income) expense related to partially-owned insurance companies because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities.
Operating Income or Income excluding net realized gains (losses), net of tax
is calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, life and annuity benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting income and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including net investment income, other (income) expense, interest and income tax expense and net
Underwriting income
 
realized gains (losses). We believe the use of these measures enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
is shareholders' equity less goodwill. See reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures beginning on page 21 in the financial supplement.
Tangible shareholders' equity
These measures should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
 
:
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
Forward-looking statements made in this press release, such as those related to economic conditions, company performance, reserves and valuations, and integration of ACE's recent acquisitions, reflect the company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the company's forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, integration activities and unexpected financial or operational performance with respect to acquired companies, unexpected effects or difficulties relating to the company's recent re-domestication to Switzerland, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments and actual settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, actual market developments, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
Life Insurance and Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
 
Consolidated Reinsurance Recoverable
 
 
At March 31, 2008, $10.2 billion of ACE Limited recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 95.2% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Detail on Reinsurance Recoverable on Paid Losses and Loss Expenses
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage-backed and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Market Value at June 30, 2008
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage-backed and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Book Value at June 30, 2008
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
 
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations. However, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of book value per share is provided on page 22.
 
In presenting our segment operating results, we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, future policy benefits, policy acquisition costs, and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense, and net realized gains (losses).
 
The following non-GAAP measure is a common performance measurement and is defined as income excluding net realized gains (losses) and the related tax expense (benefit). We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in other income (expense) related to partially owned insurance companies because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Common Share
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 
 
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) less perpetual preferred securities divided by average common shareholders' equity for the period. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
Common shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per common share:
 
Combined Insurance Company of America, aquired April 1, 2008.
Combined Insurance:
 
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio excluding life business. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
 
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income excluding net realized gains (losses).
Effective tax rate:
 
Unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity.
FAS 115:
 
Net premium earned and net investment income less future policy benefits, acquisition costs and administrative expenses.
Life underwriting income:
 
Not meaningful.
NM:
 
Shareholders' equity less perpetual preferred shares.
Common shareholders' equity:
 
Common shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per common share:
 
Shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets.
Tangible equity:
 
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, perpetual preferred shares and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20080930083050.txt.gz
TIME:20080930083050
EVENTS:	Regulation FD Disclosure
TEXT:
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In response to recent market events, ACE Limited (together with its subsidiaries, ACE or the Company) is disclosing the following information with respect to its aggregate investment holdings in Lehman Brothers (Lehman) and American International Group (AIG).
ACE's aggregate investment exposure to Lehman and AIG represents a small percentage of the Company's approximately $44 billion investment portfolio. As of Friday, September 19, 2008 ACE held approximately $114 million in aggregate par value debt of AIG and its related companies, 92% of which is senior debt. Nearly two-thirds of the holdings are obligations of AIG's International Lease Finance Company subsidiary. As of September 19, 2008, ACE also held $167 million in aggregate par value debt of Lehman and its related companies, $75 million of which is senior debt and $92 million of which is subordinated debt. Over 90% of these securities are classified as "available for sale" and are marked to market for reporting purposes. ACE has no common or preferred equity exposure to either AIG or Lehman.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:
Forward-looking statements made in this report, such as those related to the Company's investment exposures, reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements could be affected by actual market developments and governmental responses to market and credit conditions, as well as competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, integration activities and unexpected financial or operational performance with respect to acquired companies, unexpected effects or difficulties relating to the Company's recent re-domestication to Switzerland, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments and actual settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: September 30, 2008


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20080930121932.txt.gz
TIME:20080930121932
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(a) At the company's 2008 annual general meeting, the company's shareholders approved payments of a dividend in the form of a par value reduction equal to CHF 0.90 in the aggregate (equivalent at the time to US$0.87), to be paid in three equal quarterly installments (each equivalent at the time to US$0.29), as further described in the company's proxy statement/prospectus dated May 30, 2008. To accomplish this par value reduction for the third quarter of 2008, the company adjusted its Articles of Association on September 29, 2008 to reflect the number of shares issued out of conditional share capital since the company redomesticated to Switzerland and on September 30, 2008 to confirm the par value reduction. The company's amended and restated Articles of Association became effective upon their filing with the commercial register of the Canton of Zurich, Switzerland on September 30, 2008 and as a result, the company's par value is now CHF 33.44 per share. In conjunction with such amendment, an administrative correction was made in the date listed in Article 6 of the company's Articles of Association. A copy of the amended and restated Articles of Association is attached hereto as Exhibit 4.1 and incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: September 30, 2008

Exhibit 4.1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20080930142439.txt.gz
TIME:20080930142439
EVENTS:	Regulation FD Disclosure
TEXT:
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure
Concurrent with this filing, ACE Limited is posting a slide presentation entitled "ACE Financial Update September 2008" on its web site, accompanied by an audio presentation by Philip Bancroft, the company's chief financial officer. The presentation was created specifically for such posting and was not previously made to an audience. The presentation can be accessed for at least 90 days at http://www.acelimited.com/AceLimitedRoot/Investor+Information.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: September 30, 2008


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20081007141853.txt.gz
TIME:20081007141853
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On October 3, 2008, ACE Limited issued a press release announcing that estimated net after-tax losses in the third quarter for the ACE Group of Companies from catastrophes, including Hurricanes Gustav and Ike, will amount to approximately $315 million, including reinstatement premiums. The press release attached hereto as Exhibit 99 is hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
Prior to the company's redomestication from the Cayman Islands to Switzerland it registered Ordinary Shares on Form S-8 pursuant to the plans set forth below. As a result of the company's redomestication, the shares registered by such registration statements are now Common Shares of a Swiss company. An opinion as to legality of the shares so registered under Swiss law is attached as Exhibit 5 hereto.
 
 
(d) Exhibits
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: October 7, 2008

Exhibit 5
ACE Limited
Mainaustrasse 30
CH-8008 Switzerland
October 2, 2008
ACE Limited (the "Company") - Form S-8 Registration Statements
Dear Sirs,
We have been asked to render this opinion in our capacity as Swiss counsel to the Company in connection with certain Registration Statements on Form S-8 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission prior to the transfer of domicile of the Company to Switzerland. A list of the relevant plans is enclosed as to this opinion (the "").
Annex 1
Plans
 
For the purpose of this opinion we have reviewed and relied on copies of the following documents:
 
 
 
The opinions given in this opinion relate only to the laws of Switzerland as in force at the date hereof. We express no opinion on the laws of any other jurisdiction. The opinions given in this opinion are strictly limited to the matters stated in section III and do not extend to any other matters.
The opinions given herein are made on the basis of the following assumptions:
 
 
 
 
 
Based upon the foregoing, in reliance thereon, and subject to the limitations and assumptions referred to above (II) and the qualifications set out below (IV), we are of the following opinion:
 
 
 
This opinion is subject to the following qualifications:
 
 
 
 
This legal opinion is rendered solely to the persons to whom it is addressed and for the purpose of the transaction herein referred to. It may not be used, circulated, quoted, referred to or relied upon by any person other than the persons to whom it is addressed nor for any other purpose without our written consent in each instance. We hereby consent to the filing of this legal opinion as an exhibit to the Registration Statements identified in Annex 1. In giving this consent, we do not hereby admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder. This legal opinion is strictly limited to the matters stated in it and does not apply by implication to other matters.
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99
 
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 
October 3, 2008  ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) announced today that estimated net after-tax losses in the third quarter for the ACE Group of Companies from catastrophes, including Hurricanes Gustav and Ike, will amount to approximately $315 million, including reinstatement premiums.
ZURICH, Switzerland 
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, the ACE Group of Companies conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acelimited.com
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:
Forward-looking statements made in this press release reflect ACE Limited's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and reports, and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. Among other things, the forward-looking statements concerning net after-tax losses could be affected by the number of insureds and ceding companies affected by the relevant catastrophes, the amount and timing of losses actually incurred and reported by insureds, the preliminary nature of reports and estimates of loss to date, impact on the company's reinsurers, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverables actually received, coverage and regulatory issues, and other factors identified in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20081010131837.txt.gz
TIME:20081010131837
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On October 10, 2008, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting preliminary third quarter 2008 results. The press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
(d) Exhibits
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: October 10, 2008

Exhibit 99.1
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
- October 10, 2008 - ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) is pre-announcing estimates of third quarter financial results.
ZURICH, Switzerland
"Given the extraordinary market conditions and questions of investor confidence in financial institutions generally, we have decided to provide an estimate of our third quarter results in an effort to give greater clarity and certainty about our company, whose financial performance and balance sheet remain strong. ACE has a strong capital position and our financial results for the third quarter were quite good. ACE is well positioned to take advantage of weaknesses and opportunities within our industry as they emerge," said Evan G. Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited.
ACE estimates operating income
(1)
for the third quarter ended September 30, 2008, to be between $1.44 and $1.48 per common share. The company will report net realized and unrealized losses of approximately $1.5 billion and expects a decrease in book value per share of 7.5% year-to-date. Following these results, our capital position remains firmly in the range of the capital required by all principal rating agencies for our ratings.
As disclosed previously, the company did not and does not invest in CDOs, CLOs or complex credit structures and does not employ leverage, and as such, has no transactions that require the posting of collateral. The company's fixed income portfolio is conservatively constructed, has an average credit quality of AA, is well diversified and has an average duration of approximately four years. Of the estimated $1.5 billion in realized and unrealized losses, approximately $1.3 billion relates to the fixed income and equity portfolios and is largely due to the widening of credit spreads in our high quality corporate bond portfolio.
Approximately $220 million of the company's estimated net realized losses for the third quarter relate to the guaranteed minimum income benefit (GMIB) liabilities of the company's variable annuity reinsurance book. These losses resulted from an increase in the fair market value of the liabilities related to these annuities. This does not present any liquidity exposures. Cash flow in this business is positive and is within our original expectations.
As of September 30, 2008, ACE has entered into securities lending agreements approximating $2 billion. The proceeds from these agreements are invested in prime short-term money market funds. ACE does not issue commercial paper or any other short-term securities to finance its operations.
The company expects operating cash flow to be in the range of $800 million to $1 billion for the third quarter.
The company will issue its third quarter earnings release and financial supplement as scheduled after the market closes on Tuesday, October 28, 2008.
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, the ACE Group of Companies conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acelimited.com
 
Operating Income or Income excluding net realized gains (losses), net of tax is a common performance measurement for insurance companies. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in other (income) expense related to partially-owned insurance companies because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:
Forward-looking statements made in this press release, such as those related to economic conditions, company performance, reserves and valuations, and expected determinations of quarter-end results, reflect the company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the company's forward-looking statements could be affected by recent and future financial, stock market and capital markets events and circumstances, and government and the financial community's responses thereto, as well as competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, integration activities and unexpected financial or operational performance with respect to acquired companies, unexpected effects or difficulties relating to the company's recent re-domestication to Switzerland, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments and actual settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers,
 
actual market developments, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20081028183338.txt.gz
TIME:20081028183338
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On October 28, 2008, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its third quarter 2008 results and the availability of its third quarter financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: October 28, 2008
 

Exhibit 99.1
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported net income for the third quarter ended September 30, 2008, of $0.16 per share, compared with $1.95 per share for the same quarter last year. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) for the third quarter was $1.51 per share, compared with $2.06 per share for the same quarter of last year.
ZURICH, Switzerland  October 28, 2008
(1)
The quarter was marked by financial market volatility in both the credit and equity markets, which impacted net income and book value. The net realized and unrealized loss after tax was $1.3 billion during the quarter. Book value decreased $971 million for the quarter and the annualized return on average equity was 12.7%.
(2)
The combined ratio was 97.9%.
 
Net income for the first nine months of 2008 was $3.46 per share, compared with $5.98 per share for the first nine months of 2007. For the first nine months of 2008, income excluding net realized gains (losses) was $5.84 per share, compared with $6.02 per share for the same period of 2007.
(1) 
Book value decreased $764 million during the first nine months excluding the redemption of preferred shares. The results for the first nine months of 2008 reflect the acquisition of Combined Insurance effective April 1, 2008.
 
"ACE performed relatively well in a period marked by extraordinary financial market conditions and significant natural catastrophes. Our financial results demonstrated balance sheet stability and earnings strength," said Evan G. Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited.
"For the quarter, we recorded operating income of $504 million, generated a return on equity of 12.7%, and our combined ratio was 97.9%. Our book value in the quarter was impacted by the extreme movement in financial asset prices and declined 6%, while in the last 12 months, our book value has remained stable, down less than 1%.
"In my judgment, given both the rapid destruction and increased cost of capital, combined with the damage inflicted on a number of companies in our industry, the soft market for P&C insurance is essentially over, and rates will begin to firm. These challenging times will create opportunities for those companies with the financial wherewithal and franchise power to take advantage, and I'm confident ACE will be one of them."
Other operating highlights were as follows:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Details of our financial results for our business segments are available in the ACE Limited Financial Supplement. Key segment items include:
 
 
 
 
Please refer to the ACE Limited Financial Supplement dated September 30, 2008, which is posted on the company's website in the Investor Information section, and access Financial Reports for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, investment portfolio and capital structure. The URL reference is: . (Due to the length of this URL, it may be necessary to copy and paste this hyperlink into your Internet browser's URL address field.)
http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/irol/10/100907/fin_supp_september _30_2008.xls
ACE will host its third quarter earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday, October 29, 2008, beginning at 8:30 a.m. ET. The earnings conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 888-296-4305 (within the United States) or 719-457-2654 (international); passcode 8076874. Please refer to the ACE Limited website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available for approximately one month. To listen to the replay, dial: 888-203-1112 (in the United States) or 719-457-0820 (international); passcode 8076874.
www.acelimited.com
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, the ACE Group of Companies conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: www.acelimited.com.
 
is a common performance measurement for insurance companies. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in Other (income) expense related to partially-owned insurance companies because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities.
Operating Income or Income excluding net realized gains (losses), net of tax
 
is a non-GAAP measure. We present income excluding net realized gains (losses), catastrophe losses and prior period development, net of tax because those events are deemed to be significant for the third quarter of 2008. We believe this separate presentation is meaningful and useful for users of our financial information.
Income excluding net realized gains (losses), catastrophe losses and prior period development, net of tax
is calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, future policy benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting income and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including net investment income, other income (expense), interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses). We believe the use of these measures enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
Underwriting income
is shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets. See reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on page 29 in the financial supplement.
Tangible shareholders' equity
These measures should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
:
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
Forward-looking statements made in this press release, such as those related to the P&C insurance market and ACE's performance therein, as well as economic conditions, company performance, reserves and valuations, reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements described above could be affected by continued adverse economic and insurance industry developments such as those of recent weeks, as well as competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, investment portfolio performance, integration activities and unexpected financial or operational performance with respect to acquired companies, unexpected effects or difficulties relating to the Company's recent re-domestication to Switzerland, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments and actual settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, actual market developments, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
(3) Presented excluding the Life segment to allow for comparison and analysis with earnings guidance. This is a non-GAAP measure.
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Third Quarter Catastrophe Loss Charges - 2008
 
 
 
Note: The catastrophe losses above include offshore energy gross and net losses of $32 million and $10 million primarily for hurricane Ike in Insurance - Overseas General.
 
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
Life Insurance and Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Variable Annuity (VA) Lines
Historical Cash Flow Summary by Quarter
 
Death Benefits (GMDB)
 
 
Amounts represent past premium received and claims paid by quarter, split by benefit type.
 
Death Benefits (GMDB)
 
Premiums and claims from VA contracts reinsuring Guaranteed Minimum Death Benefits (GMDB)
 
Living Benefits (Includes GMIB and GMAB)
 
Premiums and claims from VA contracts reinsuring Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefits (GMIB) and Guaranteed Minimum Accumulation Benefits (GMAB), collectively known as Living Benefits.
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
 
Consolidated Reinsurance Recoverable
 
 
At June 30, 2008, $10.6 billion of ACE Limited recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 93.5% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Detail on Reinsurance Recoverable on Paid Losses and Loss Expenses
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage-backed and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Market Value at September 30, 2008
 
 
Insured asset-backed securities represent $147 million, or 18% of our asset-backed security holdings.
 
 
Mortgage-backed and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Market Value at September 30, 2008
 
total $12.5 billion, are rated predominantly AAA and comprise 32% of the fixed income portfolio. This compares to a 45% mortgage-backed weighting in representative indices of the U.S. fixed income market. The minimum rating for initial purchases of mortgage and asset backed securities is AAA.
Mortgage-backed securities
 
ACE suspended new investments in ALT-A, credit card, auto and subprime backed securities in 1Q2008.
 
with implied or explicit government guarantees total $7.8 billion and represent 77% of the residential mortgage-backed portfolio.
Securities issued by Federal agencies
 
are rated predominantly AAA, backed by prime collateral and broadly diversified in over 300,000 loans. The portfolio's loan-to-value ratio is approximately 68% with an average FICO score of 736. With this conservative loan-to-value ratio and subordinated collateral of 12%, the cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate would have to rise to 28% and real estate values would have to fall 61% before principal is impaired. The comparable historical cumulative foreclosure rate is 2.5% for prime mortgages.
Non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities
 
Within the portfolio of prime AAA non-agency RMBS are $197 million of holdings classified as ALT-A. These ALT-A holdings are broadly diversified with over 69% issued prior to 2006. The average FICO score is 714 with a relatively conservative loan-to-value ratio of 71%. With subordinated collateral of 21%, the cumulative 4-year foreclosure rate would have to rise to 50% and real estate values would have to fall more than 59% before principal is impaired. The comparable historical cumulative foreclosure rate is approximately 8%.
 
of $2.3 billion are rated predominantly AAA, broadly diversified with over 26,000 loans and seasoned with 71% of the portfolio issued before 2006. The average loan-to-value ratio is approximately 63% with a debt service coverage ratio in excess of 1.7 and weighted average subordinated collateral of 26%. The cumulative foreclosure rate would have to rise to 61% and commercial real estate values would have to fall more than 64% before principal is impaired. The historical annual delinquency rate is 1%.
Commercial mortgage-backed securities
 
(current holdings of $100 million) are rated predominantly AA, broadly diversified in over 125,000 loans with an average loan-to-value ratio of approximately 80% and an average FICO score of 610. With subordinated collateral of 34%, the cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate would have to rise to 79% and real estate values would have to fall more than 54% before principal is impaired. The comparable historical cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate is 27%. The ratings have been reaffirmed on substantially all of these securities.
Subprime asset-backed securities
 
are rated predominantly AAA with a short duration of approximately 0.8 years and average subordinated collateral of 12%. Annual default rates would have to rise to 8 times their historic average of 1.5% before principal is impaired.
Auto loan asset-backed securities
 
 
Mortgage-backed and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Amoritized Cost at September 30, 2008
 
 
Insured asset-backed securities represent $152 million, or 18% of our asset-backed security holdings.
 
 
Market Value at September 30, 2008
 
 
U.S. Investment Grade Corporate Fixed Income Portfolio
 
The average credit quality of ACE's US investment grade bond portfolio is very high at AA+. 66% of investment grade securities holdings are rated AAA or guaranteed by governments or quasi-government agencies.
 
ACE prohibits investments in complex structured securities (e.g. CDOs, CLOs) and over-the-counter derivatives and does not permit the use of portfolio leverage.
 
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB .5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
 
 
Market Value at September 30, 2008
 
 
Below Investment Grade Corporate Fixed income Portfolio
 
ACE manages high yield bonds as a distinct and separate asset class from investment grade bonds. ACE's allocation to high yield bonds is explicitly set by internal management and is targeted to securities in the upper tier of credit quality (BB/B). Our minimum rating for initial purchase is BB/B.
 
Four external investment managers are responsible for high yield security selection and portfolio construction.
 
ACE's high yield managers have a conservative approach to credit selection and very low historical default experience.
 
Securities holdings are highly diversified across industries and are subject to a 1.5% issuer limit as a percentage of high yield allocation (or 0.1% of total portfolio). The portfolio is comprised of over 500 issuers with our largest current issuer exposure at $38 million. ACE monitors position limits on a daily basis through an internal compliance system.
 
Derivative and structured securities (e.g. credit default swaps, CLOs) are not permitted in high yield portfolios.
 
 
Market Value at September 30, 2008
 
 
Non-US Fixed Income Portfolio
 
ACE's non-US investment grade fixed income portfolios are currency-matched with the insurance liabilities of ACE's non-US operations.
 
89% of ACE's non-US fixed income is denominated in G7 currencies.
 
Average credit quality of non-US fixed income securities is very high at AA and 54% of holdings are rated AAA or guaranteed by governments or quasi-government agencies.
 
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB .5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
 
 
Investment portfolio
Top 25 Exposures - Fixed Maturity Investments
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
 
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations. However, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of book value per share is provided on page 30.
 
In presenting our segment operating results, we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, future policy benefits, policy acquisition costs, and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense, and net realized gains (losses).
 
The following non-GAAP measure is a common performance measurement and is defined as income excluding net realized gains (losses) and the related tax expense (benefit). We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in other income (expense) related to partially owned insurance companies because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Common Share
 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 
 
 
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) less perpetual preferred securities divided by average common shareholders' equity for the period. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
Common shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per common share:
 
Combined Insurance Company of America, acquired April 1, 2008.
Combined Insurance:
 
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio excluding life business. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
 
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income excluding net realized gains (losses).
Effective tax rate:
 
Unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity.
FAS 115:
 
Net premium earned and net investment income less future policy benefits, acquisition costs and administrative expenses.
Life underwriting income:
 
Not meaningful.
NM:
 
Shareholders' equity less perpetual preferred shares.
Common shareholders' equity:
 
Common shareholders' equity less goodwill and other itangible assets divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per common share:
 
Shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets.
Tangible equity:
 
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, perpetual preferred shares and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20081105094302.txt.gz
TIME:20081105094302
EVENTS:	Regulation FD Disclosure
TEXT:
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concurrent with this filing, ACE Limited is posting a slide presentation entitled "ACE Financial Update Third Quarter 2008" on its web site, accompanied by an audio presentation by Philip Bancroft, the company's chief financial officer. The presentation was created specifically for such posting and was not previously made to an audience. The presentation can be accessed for at least 60 days at http://www.acelimited.com/AceLimitedRoot/Investor+Information.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: November 4, 2008


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20081217170026.txt.gz
TIME:20081217170026
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Regulation FD Disclosure	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(a) At the company's 2008 annual general meeting, the company's shareholders approved payments of a dividend in the form of a par value reduction equal to CHF 0.90 in the aggregate (equivalent at the time to US$0.87), to be paid in three equal quarterly installments (each equivalent at the time to US$0.29), as further described in the company's proxy statement/prospectus dated May 30, 2008. To accomplish this par value reduction for the fourth quarter of 2008, the company adjusted its Articles of Association on December 16, 2008 to reflect the number of shares issued out of conditional share capital since September 30, 2008 and on December 17, 2008 to confirm the par value reduction. The company's amended and restated Articles of Association became effective upon their filing with the commercial register of the Canton of Zurich, Switzerland on December 17, 2008 and as a result, the company's par value is now CHF 33.14 per share. Accordingly, the dividend will be paid to the company's shareholders of record at the close of business on December 17, 2008, as anticipated. A copy of the amended and restated Articles of Association is attached hereto as Exhibit 3 and incorporated herein by reference.
 
The company confirms that it does not have any investments in any funds managed by Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC.
 
Prior to the company's redomestication from the Cayman Islands to Switzerland it registered Ordinary Shares on Form S-8 pursuant to the plan set forth below. As a result of the company's redomestication, the shares registered by such registration statements are now Common Shares of a Swiss company. An opinion as to legality of the shares so registered under Swiss law is attached as Exhibit 5 hereto.
 
 
(d) Exhibits
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 3
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 5
ACE Limited
Brengasse 8
CH-8001 Zurich
Switzerland
December 17, 2008
ACE Limited (the "Company") - Form S-8 Registration Statements regarding the ACE Limited Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Dear Sirs,
We have been asked to render this opinion in our capacity as Swiss counsel to the Company in connection with Registration Statements No. 333-1404 and No. 333-134504 on Form S-8 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended filed with the United States Security Commission relating to the ACE Limited Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "") prior to the transfer of domicile of the Company to Switzerland the reincorporation of the Company as Swiss company.
Stock Purchase Plan
 
For the purpose of this opinion we have reviewed and relied on copies of the following documents:
 
 
 
The opinions given in this opinion relate only to the laws of Switzerland as in force at the date hereof. We express no opinion on the laws of any other jurisdiction. The opinions given in this opinion are strictly limited to the matters stated in section III and do not extend to any other matters.
The opinions given herein are made on the basis of the following assumptions:
 
 
 
 
 
Based upon the foregoing, in reliance thereon, and subject to the limitations and assumptions referred to above (II) and the qualifications set out below (IV), we are of the following opinion:
 
 
 
This opinion is subject to the following qualifications:
 
 
 
 
This legal opinion is rendered solely to the persons to whom it is addressed and for the purpose of the transaction herein referred to. It may not be used, circulated, quoted, referred to or relied upon by any person other than the persons to whom it is addressed nor for any other purpose without our written consent in each instance. We hereby consent to the filing of this legal opinion as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. In giving this consent, we do not hereby admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder. This legal opinion is strictly limited to the matters stated in it and does not apply by implication to other matters.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20090126160645.txt.gz
TIME:20090126160645
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) On January 23, 2009, Gary M. Stuart, a member of the Board of Directors (the "Board") of ACE Limited (the "Company"), informed the Company of his decision not to stand for re-election to the Board at the Company's 2009 Annual General Meeting ("Annual Meeting"). This decision was not the result of any disagreement with the Company. Mr. Stuart is currently a member of the Audit Committee and the Finance and Investment Committee of the Board. He will remain on the Board and a member of the Audit Committee and the Finance and Investment Committee until the Annual Meeting, which is scheduled to occur in May 2009.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: January 26, 2009


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20090203205024.txt.gz
TIME:20090203205024
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On February 3, 2009, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its fourth quarter 2008 results and the availability of its fourth quarter financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: February 3, 2009
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported net income for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2008, of $0.06 per share, compared with $1.69 per share for the same quarter last year. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) for the fourth quarter was $1.87 per share, compared with $2.05 per share for the same quarter of last year.
ZURICH, Switzerland, February 3, 2009
(1)
The quarter was marked by financial market volatility in both the credit and equity markets, which impacted net income and book value. The net realized and unrealized loss after tax was $1.2 billion for the quarter due to the mark-to-market pricing impact caused by continued widening of credit spreads and the decline in global equity markets. Book value decreased $910 million for the quarter including a net foreign currency translation loss of $310 million. Annualized return on average equity was 16.7%.
(2)
The property and casualty (P&C) combined ratio was 86.9%.
 
Net income for the year was $3.53 per share, compared with $7.66 per share for 2007. For 2008, income excluding net realized gains (losses)
was $7.72 per share, compared with $8.07 per share for 2007.
(1)
The P&C combined ratio for the year was 89.6%. Book value decreased $1.7 billion during the year excluding the redemption of preferred shares. The results for the year reflect the acquisition of Combined Insurance effective April 1, 2008.
 
Evan G. Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, stated: "ACE produced strong operating results in one of the most difficult quarters in modern history for financial services companies. Our core property and casualty and accident and health businesses performed extremely well with total operating income in the quarter of $624 million. The P&C combined ratio was 86.9%.
"Net income suffered from other-than-temporary-impairment losses related mostly to interest rate spreads in the period. Book value, which declined 6% in the quarter and 10% for the year, was impacted by realized and unrealized investment losses, extreme foreign exchange fluctuation and a loss from a fair value increase in the liabilities associated with our life reinsurance business. We believe most of the losses in the portfolio and life reinsurance business will recover in value over time. Even with this year's decline, our book value has grown at a compound annual growth rate of 12% the last five years.
"ACE experienced in this quarter the volatility that can accompany the business activity of a global risk-taking organization. Global presence and risk-taking discipline are our sources of strength, and we are using them to our advantage. In the quarter, we began to improve our price-to-exposure from firming insurance prices and gain market share in certain classes from weakened competitors. While the recessionary conditions are formidable, we are encouraged by government efforts to stimulate the economy."
Other operating highlights were as follows:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Details of our financial results for our business segments are available in the ACE Limited Financial Supplement. Key segment items include:
 
 
 
 
Please refer to the ACE Limited Financial Supplement dated December 31, 2008, which is posted on the company's website in the Investor Information section, and access Financial Reports for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, investment portfolio and capital structure. The URL reference is: . (Due to the length of this URL, it may be necessary to copy and paste this hyperlink into your Internet browser's URL address field.)
http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/irol/10/100907/fin_supp_december_31_2008.xls
ACE will host its fourth quarter earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday, February 4, 2009, beginning at 8:30 a.m. ET. The earnings conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 877-795-3647 (within the United States) or 719-325-4758 (international); passcode 3327455. Please refer to the ACE Limited website in the Investor Information section under
www.acelimited.com
 
Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available for approximately one month. To listen to the replay, dial: 888-203-1112 (in the United States) or 719-457-0820 (international); passcode 3327455.
The ACE Group of Companies is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, the ACE Group of Companies conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: www.acelimited.com.
 
is a common performance measurement for insurance companies. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in Other (income) expense related to partially-owned insurance companies because the amount of these gains (losses) do not relate to their respective operations.
Operating Income or Income excluding net realized gains (losses), net of tax
is calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, future policy benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting income and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including net investment income, other income (expense), interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses). We believe the use of these measures enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
Underwriting income
is shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets. See reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on page 29 in the financial supplement.
Tangible shareholders' equity
These measures should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
 
Combined Insurance  Combined Insurance Company of America and certain of its subsidiaries.
NM  not meaningful comparison.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
:
Forward-looking statements made in this press release, such as those related to our investment portfolio and life reinsurance business, economic conditions, government action, and company performance reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, integration activities and unexpected financial or operational performance with respect to acquired companies, unexpected effects or difficulties relating to the Company's re-domestication to Switzerland, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments and actual settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, actual market developments, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
Life Insurance and Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
 
 
Variable Annuity (VA) Lines
Historical Cash Flow Summary by Quarter
 
 
Amounts represent past premium received and claims paid by quarter, split by benefit type.
 
Death Benefits (GMDB)
 
Premiums and claims from VA contracts reinsuring Guaranteed Minimum Death Benefits (GMDB)
 
Using our current mortality assumptions we expect approximately $164 million of claims and $108 million of premium on death benefits over the next 12 months.
 
Living Benefits (Includes GMIB and GMAB)
 
Premiums and claims from VA contracts reinsuring Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefits (GMIB) and Guaranteed Minimum Accumulation Benefits (GMAB), collectively known as Living Benefits.
 
Using our current mortality assumptions we expect approximately $2 million of claims and $138 million of premium on living benefits over the next 12 months.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
Consolidated Reinsurance Recoverable
 
At September 30, 2008, $10.9 billion of ACE Limited recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 92.9% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Detail on Reinsurance Recoverable on Paid Losses and Loss Expenses
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage-backed and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Market Value at December 31, 2008
 
Insured asset-backed securities represent $118 million, or 17% of our asset-backed security holdings.
 
 
Mortgage-backed and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Market Value at December 31, 2008
 
total $11 billion, are rated predominantly AAA and comprise 29% of the fixed income portfolio. This compares to a 45% mortgage-backed weighting in representative indices of the U.S. fixed income market. The minimum rating for initial purchases of mortgage and asset backed securities is AAA.
Mortgage-backed securities
 
ACE suspended new investments in sub-prime backed securities in 3Q 2007 and ALT-A, credit card, and auto backed securities in 1Q 2008.
 
with implied or explicit government guarantees total $7 billion and represent 79% of the residential mortgage-backed portfolio.
Securities issued by Federal agencies
 
are rated predominantly AAA, backed by prime collateral, and broadly diversified in over 300,000 loans. The portfolio's loan-to-value ratio is approximately 67% with an average FICO score of 736. With this conservative loan-to-value ratio and subordinated collateral of 12%, the cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate would have to rise to 27% and real estate values would have to fall 61% before principal is impaired. The comparable historical cumulative foreclosure rate is 2.9% for prime mortgages.
Non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities
 
Within the portfolio of prime AAA non-agency RMBS are $152 million of holdings classified as ALT-A. These ALT-A holdings are broadly diversified with over 60% issued prior to 2006. The average FICO score is 714 with a relatively conservative loan-to-value ratio of 70%. With subordinated collateral of 19%, the cumulative 4-year foreclosure rate would have to rise to 40% and real estate values would have to fall more than 59% before principal is impaired. The comparable historical cumulative foreclosure rate is approximately 8.25%.
 
of $2.1 billion are rated predominantly AAA, broadly diversified with over 26,000 loans and seasoned with 71% of the portfolio issued before 2006. The average loan-to-value ratio is approximately 63% with a debt service coverage ratio in excess of 1.7 and weighted average subordinated collateral of 27%. The cumulative foreclosure rate would have to rise to 63% and commercial real estate values would have to fall more than 64% before principal is impaired. The historical annual delinquency rate is 1%.
Commercial mortgage-backed securities
 
(current holdings of $76 million) are rated predominantly AAA, broadly diversified in over 115,000 loans with an average loan-to-value ratio of approximately 80% and an average FICO score of 605. With subordinated collateral of 35%, the cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate would have to rise to 79% and real estate values would have to fall more than 54% before principal is impaired. The comparable historical cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate is 30%. The ratings have been reaffirmed on substantially all of these securities.
Sub-prime asset-backed securities
 
are rated predominantly AAA with a short duration of approximately 0.8 years and average subordinated collateral of 13%. Annual default rates would have to rise to 16 times their level of about 1.9% before principal is impaired.
Auto loan asset-backed securities
 
 
Mortgage-backed and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Amortized Cost at December 31, 2008
 
Insured asset-backed securities represent $126 million, or 17% of our asset-backed security holdings.
 
 
Market Value at December 31, 2008
 
 
U.S. Investment Grade Corporate Fixed Income Portfolio
 
The average credit quality of ACE's US investment grade bond portfolio is very high at AA+. As noted on the Investment Portfolio summary 65% of investment grade securities holdings are rated AAA or guaranteed by governments or quasi-government agencies.
 
ACE prohibits investments in complex structured securities (e.g. CDOs, CLOs) and over-the-counter derivatives and does not permit the use of portfolio leverage.
 
Corporate bond holdings are diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
 
 
Market Value at December 31, 2008
 
 
Below Investment Grade Corporate Fixed income Portfolio
 
ACE manages high yield bonds as a distinct and separate asset class from investment grade bonds. ACE's allocation to high yield bonds is explicitly set by internal management and is targeted to securities in the upper tier of credit quality (BB/B). Our minimum rating for initial purchase is BB/B.
 
Four external investment managers are responsible for high yield security selection and portfolio construction.
 
ACE's high yield managers have a conservative approach to credit selection and very low historical default experience.
 
Securities holdings are highly diversified across industries and are subject to a 1.5% issuer limit as a percentage of high yield allocation (or 0.1% of total portfolio). The portfolio is comprised of over 500 issuers with our largest current issuer exposure at $31 million. ACE monitors position limits on a daily basis through an internal compliance system.
 
Derivative and structured securities (e.g. credit default swaps, CLOs) are not permitted in high yield portfolios.
 
 
Market Value at December 31, 2008
 
 
Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio
 
ACE's non-U.S. investment grade fixed income portfolios are currency-matched with the insurance liabilities of ACE's non-U.S. operations. 93% of ACE's non-U.S. fixed income is denominated in G7 currencies.
 
Average credit quality of non-U.S. fixed income securities is very high at AA and 58% of holdings are rated AAA or guaranteed by governments or quasi-government agencies.
 
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
 
 
Investment portfolio
Top 25 Exposures - Fixed Maturity Investments
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
 
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations. However, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). A reconciliation of book value per share is provided on page 30.
 
In presenting our segment operating results, we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, future policy benefits, policy acquisition costs, and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense, and net realized gains (losses).
 
The following non-GAAP measure is a common performance measurement and is defined as income excluding net realized gains (losses) and the related tax expense (benefit). We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in other income (expense) related to partially owned insurance companies because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with GAAP.
 
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Common Share
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 
 
 
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) less perpetual preferred securities divided by average common shareholders' equity for the period. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
Common shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per common share:
 
Combined Insurance Company of America, acquired April 1, 2008.
Combined Insurance:
 
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio excluding life business. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
 
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income excluding net realized gains (losses).
Effective tax rate:
 
Unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity.
FAS 115:
 
Net premium earned and net investment income less future policy benefits, acquisition costs, and administrative expenses.
Life underwriting income:
 
Not meaningful.
NM:
 
Shareholders' equity less perpetual preferred shares.
Common shareholders' equity:
 
Common shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per common share:
 
Shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets.
Tangible equity:
 
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, perpetual preferred shares, and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20090212122104.txt.gz
TIME:20090212122104
EVENTS:	Regulation FD Disclosure
TEXT:
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concurrent with this filing, ACE Limited is posting a slide presentation entitled "ACE Financial Review Fourth Quarter 2008" on its web site, accompanied by an audio presentation by Philip Bancroft, the company's chief financial officer. The presentation was created specifically for such posting and was not previously made to an audience. The presentation can be accessed for at least 90 days at http://www.acelimited.com/AceLimitedRoot/Investor+Information.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: February 12, 2009


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20090304132631.txt.gz
TIME:20090304132631
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On February 26, 2009, the Board of Directors amended sections 6 and 7 of the company's Organizational Regulations to reflect changes that had been made to the audit committee and compensation committee charters regarding the audit committee's review of enterprise risk management and the compensation committee's evaluation and review procedures. A copy of the Organizational Regulations, as amended and restated, is attached as Exhibit 3 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: March 4, 2009
 

Exhibit 3
 
 
 
The board of directors of ACE Limited, Switzerland, ("") issues the following organizational regulations ("") based on art. 716b CO and art. 19 of the articles of association of ACE Limited ("").
Company
Organizational Regulations
Articles of Association
 
The Organizational Regulations define the organization and responsibilities of the executive bodies, i.e. the board of directors and its members (""), its committees and its chairman, the delegate of the board of directors and the chief executive officer as well as the executive management of the Company and its subsidiaries (together with the Company the ""). They implement and supplement applicable law and the Articles of Association by establishing binding rules regarding the organization of the Group and its overall management.
Board Members
Group
 
The executive bodies of the Company are:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors is entitled to pass resolutions on all matters which are not delegated to, or reserved for, the shareholders meeting or another body of the Company by law, the Articles of Association or the Organizational Regulations.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors has the following further powers and responsibilities with regard to the Company and the Group:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors delegates the management of the Company and the Group to the Chief Executive Officer and the other members of the Executive Management as provided for by these Organizational Regulations.
Board Members will have complete and open access to the Chief Executive Officer, chief financial officer, general counsel, chief compliance officer and the head of internal audit.
 
The Board of Directors shall elect a Chairman as well as a Lead Director (who also acts as vice-chairman) from amongst its members. The Chairman may also be appointed as the Chief Executive Officer, i.e. the Delegate.
 
The Board of Directors shall appoint a Secretary (a person keeping the minutes and assisting in the preparation of board meetings) who need not to be a member of the Board of Directors.
 
 
 
 
In case of urgency shorter notice periods are permitted. If all Board Members are present and agree, deviations from these formal requirements are permitted; in particular, decisions can be taken that are not mentioned on the agenda.
Furthermore, these formal requirements do not have to be observed, if a meeting is only convened in order to record the implementation of a capital increase, to pass resolutions regarding the amendments of the Articles of Association entailed therewith and to adopt the report on the capital increase.
 
 
 
 
A quorum of Board Members shall not be required in order to record the implementation of a capital increase, to pass resolutions regarding the amendments of the Articles of Association entailed therewith and to adopt the report on the capital increase.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors shall submit nominations of new Board Members for election at the shareholders meeting that ensure an adequate size and well-balanced composition of the Board of Directors and further ensure that a majority of the Board Members are independent within applicable legal and stock exchange requirements.
 
 
 
The Chairman shall preside over the shareholders meeting. Together with the person keeping the minutes, he/she shall sign the minutes of the shareholders meeting.
The Chairman has the right to call in third parties as advisors in meetings of the Board of Directors.
 
 
If the Chairman of the Board of Directors is prevented from performing his/her duties, they shall be performed by the Lead Director.
 
The Board of Directors shall appoint a Lead Director, who shall have the following responsibilities, together with such others as the Board of Directors might from time to time specify:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Each Committee is constituted by a chairman and at least one further member, each appointed by the Board of Directors among its members.
 
The term of a membership in a Committee is one year upon appointment.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Audit Committee shall discuss with management the Company's enterprise risk assessment and risk management policies and guidelines, and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such risk, and in particular to review: (1) the enterprise's exposure to potential future external events such as catastrophes, financial market disruption or named accumulations arising from its insurance and investment risk-assuming activities; (2) risk tolerances and limits established by management, exceptions to those tolerances and the effectiveness of the oversight process; (3) management's additional risk management strategies and initiatives; and (4) the results of management's enterprise-wide risk assessments and the implications to public and financial reporting.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Audit Committee shall receive and review periodically, but not less than annually, a report of the Company's chief actuary on the Company's loss and loss expense reserves, including any reports of outside actuaries.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Meetings of the executive committee ("") are convened in accordance with Clause 5.4. Additionally, the Delegate and the Chief Executive Officer may request a meeting.
Executive Committee
 
In case of urgencies, the Executive Committee is to exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the ultimate management of the business and affairs of the Company between the meetings of the Board of Directors, except (a) as limited by Clause 2.1, the Company's Articles of Association, rules of the New York Stock Exchange or applicable law or regulation and (b) matters that are specifically reserved for another Committee of the Board of Directors.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Nominating and Governance Committee is to assist the Board of Directors in (1) identifying individuals qualified to become Board Members, and recommending to the Board Members nominees for the next annual general shareholders meeting or to fill vacancies; and (2) developing and recommending to the Board of Directors corporate governance guidelines for the Group.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors may designate one or more additional committees, each such committee to consist of such person or persons as may be designated by the Board of Directors. Except as expressly limited by law or by the Company's Articles of Association or by resolution of the Board of Directors, any such committee shall have and may exercise such powers and adopt such procedures as the Board of Directors may determine and specify in the resolution designating such committee.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In case of urgency shorter notice periods are permitted. If all members of the Executive Management are present and agree, deviations from these formal requirements are permitted; in particular, decisions can be taken that are not mentioned on the agenda.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Group internal audit ("") shall examine and evaluate the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's internal control environment, and the quality of performance in carrying out assigned responsibilities to achieve the Group's goals and objectives.
Group Internal Audit
In fulfilling its responsibilities, Group Internal Audit shall:
 
 
 
 
 
The organizational structure of Group Internal Audit and resource requirements necessary for Group Internal Audit to perform its activities shall be defined by the head of Group Internal Audit and submitted to the Audit Committee for approval. The head of Group Internal Audit shall review and approve all new hires and terminations of staff.
 
Group Internal Audit shall adhere to the Group's guidelines and procedures and Group Internal Audit's organization and processes manuals and guidelines or to such other standards as required by applicable law or regulation.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board Members as well as all other executive bodies and employees are obliged to maintain secrecy towards third parties regarding all facts they obtain knowledge of during the performance of their duties. These duties of non-disclosure survive the termination of the relationship of the respective individual with the Company.
 
Upon termination of the relationship with the Company all business files must be returned with the exception of documents used by a Board Member to follow-up his/her own actions.
 
The business year of the Company starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December.
 
 
These Organizational Regulations shall enter into force on the date of adoption by the Board of Directors; be it in a meeting or by circular resolution.
 
These Organizational Regulations shall be reviewed and if necessary amended on a regular basis by the Board of Directors.
 
The Company shall indemnify, in accordance with and to the full extent now or hereafter permitted by law, any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (including, without limitation, an action by or in the right of the Company), by reason of his acting as a director, officer, employee or agent of, or his acting in any other capacity for or on behalf of, the Company, against any liability or expense actually and reasonably incurred by such person in respect thereof. The Company may advance the expenses of defending any such act, suit or proceeding in accordance with and to the full extent now or hereafter permitted by law. Such indemnification and advancement of expenses are not exclusive of any other right to indemnification or advancement of expenses provided by law or otherwise.
The Board of Directors may authorize the Company to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director,
 
officer, employee or agent of another company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, or in a fiduciary or other capacity with respect to any employee benefit plan maintained by the Company, against any liability asserted against him and incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Article 18.
 
Hamilton, Bermuda, February 26, 2009
The Chairman of the Board of Directors:
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20090310172749.txt.gz
TIME:20090310172749
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In response to a number of questions about ACE Limited's (the "company" or "ACE") variable annuity guaranty reinsurance business, ACE is providing the following additional information that supplements its Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 27, 2009, as amended:
Capital
As of December 31, 2008, the capital required to support the variable annuity guaranty business is approximately $400 million. If the Standard & Poor's (S&P) 500 Index were to drop from its level of 903 at December 31, 2008, to a level of 700 or below, all else being equal, any additional capital required would be approximately offset by the increase in value of currently held hedge assets.
Claim limits
Approximately 65% of the guaranteed minimum death benefit (GMDB) guaranteed value has an annual claim limit expressed as 2% of the total account value reinsured. The remainder of the GMDB guaranteed value is covered under treaties with limits calculated on other bases  either annual, aggregate, or at an individual policy level. The majority of this remainder has an annual limit calculated as a percentage of the total guaranteed value reinsured, with the percentage varying by contract from 0.22% to 1.80%.
Determining the benefit ratio used to set reserves under SOP 03-1
As of December 31, 2008, management established the SOP 03-1 reserve based on the benefit ratio calculated using actual market values at December 31, 2008. Management exercises judgment in determining the extent to which short-term market movements impact the SOP 03-1 reserve. The SOP 03-1 reserve is based on the calculation of a long-term benefit ratio (or loss ratio) for the variable annuity guarantee reinsurance. Despite the long-term nature of the risk, the benefit ratio calculation is impacted by short-term market movements unless they are judged by management to be temporary or transient. Management, in keeping with the language in SOP 03-1, regularly examines both quantitative and qualitative analysis and determines if, in its judgment, the change in the calculated benefit ratio is of sufficient magnitude and has persisted for a sufficient duration to warrant a change in the benefit ratio used to establish the SOP 03-1 reserve.
SOP 03-1 requires that ACE "regularly evaluate estimates used and adjust the liability balance... if actual experience or other evidence suggests that earlier assumptions should be revised." ACE evaluates its estimates regularly and management uses judgment to determine the extent to which the benefit ratio used to establish SOP 03-1 reserves should be adjusted. Management will determine the benefit ratio that most appropriately reflects its expectation for the short-term and long-term performance of the variable annuity guaranty liability. Management's quantitative analysis includes a review of the differential between the benefit ratio used at the most recent valuation date and the benefit ratio calculated on subsequent dates. The differential is measured in terms of the standard deviation of the distribution of benefit ratios (reflecting 1,000 stochastic scenarios) calculated on the aforementioned subsequent dates. As an example, if, on average during a calendar quarter, the benefit ratio used at the most recent valuation date falls within
 1
/
2
a standard deviation of the mean of the distribution of benefit ratios calculated periodically during the quarter, management may elect not to adjust the benefit ratio used to generate the SOP 03-1 reserve at the quarter-end valuation date.
Further, if, due to changes in equity and credit market conditions, the benefit ratio used at the most recent valuation date differs from the mean of the periodically calculated distribution of benefit ratios by less than 1 standard deviation, management will consider current market conditions when determining its expectations of future payout obligations, particularly as those market conditions relate to shorter-term payout obligations.
Finally, if, due to changes in equity and credit market conditions, the benefit ratio used at the most recent valuation date differs from the mean of the periodically calculated distribution of benefit ratios by more than 1 standard deviation for a sustained and prolonged period of time, management will give substantial weight to prevailing market conditions when determining its expectations of future payout obligations. As an example, based on management's current expectations as of the publication of this document, all else being equal, the S&P 500 index would need to remain below a level of 650 for a prolonged period of time in order for management to give substantial weight to current market conditions.
Variable Annuity Sensitivities to Equities and Interest Rates
The table below, which reflects sensitivities based on market levels as of December 31, 2008 (e.g., the "flat" equity column refers to an S&P 500 level at its year-end value of 903), has been expanded from the version appearing in the 10-K/A. The sensitivities shown below are calculated as potential one-time impacts to income resulting from market movements and are not recurring impacts on the income in future periods.
 
As discussed above, management exercises judgment when determining the appropriate benefit ratio to use to establish the SOP 03-1 reserve. The numbers shown in the table above reflect the change in the SOP 03-1 reserve generated by a "point-in-time" estimate of the benefit reserve without taking protocols for management's judgment (as outlined above) into consideration and might not be appropriate for estimating quarterly income for variable annuity reinsurance. As an example, if the first quarter ended at the market levels as of February 2009 month-end (i.e., S&P 500 at 735), based on management's best estimate of future payouts, we would expect the following (approximate) results for variable annuity reinsurance:
Premium: $65 million
Investment income: $10 million
Claims: $50 million
Change in SOP 03-1 reserve: $0
Realized gain: $65 million
Net income: $90 million
The $0 change in SOP 03-1 reserve is coincidental and reflects a reserve increase associated with an adjusted benefit ratio reflecting management judgment as described above, substantially offset by current period paid claims experience and other factors including the sharp rise in long-term interest rates during January and February and policyholder lapses.
Collateral
In order for its U.S.-domiciled clients to obtain statutory reserve credit, ACE Tempest Life Re holds collateral on behalf of its clients in the form of qualified assets in trust or letters of credit, equal to their ceded statutory reserves. ACE Tempest Life Re maintains sufficient qualified assets to meet its funding requirements regardless of the level of the S&P 500 index. The timing and amount of the calculation of the collateral varies by client according to the particulars of the reinsurance treaty and the statutory reserve guidelines of the client's state of domicile.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: March 10, 2009


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20090331161045.txt.gz
TIME:20090331161045
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At the company's 2008 annual general meeting, the company's shareholders approved payments of a dividend in the form of a par value reduction equal to 0.90 Swiss francs (CHF) in the aggregate (equivalent at the time to US$0.87), to be paid in three equal quarterly installments (each equivalent at the time to US$0.29), as further described in the company's proxy statement/prospectus dated May 30, 2008. To accomplish the third of such installments, the company adjusted its Articles of Association on March 30, 2009 to reflect the number of shares issued out of conditional share capital since December 17, 2008 and on March 31, 2009 to confirm the par value reduction. The company's amended and restated Articles of Association became effective upon their filing with the commercial register of the Canton of Zurich, Switzerland on March 31, 2009 and as a result, the company's par value is now CHF 32.84 per share. Accordingly, the dividend will be paid to the company's shareholders of record at the close of business on March 31, 2009, as anticipated. A copy of the amended and restated Articles of Association is attached hereto as Exhibit 3 and incorporated herein by reference.
 
As previously announced, the company's Board of Directors has approved a proposal to increase, to US $0.31 per share, the quarterly dividend via par value reduction, subject to shareholder approval. The company has filed a preliminary proxy statement with the Commission that includes a proposal to pay dividends pursuant to a formula that will have the effect of making the U.S. dollar value of the par value reductions more consistent. The proposal calls for an annual par value reduction in an aggregate CHF amount equal to US$1.24 per share, payable in four installments; however, the CHF amount of each installment will be adjusted up or down to equal US$0.31, subject to an aggregate upward adjustment for the four installments of 50% of the base annual amount. The mechanics and language of the proposal were arrived at in consultation with the Swiss Commercial Register. For more detail with respect to this proposal, see the company's preliminary proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed on March 24, 2009, which remains subject to completion.
(d) Exhibits
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: March 31, 2009

Exhibit 3
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20090428183704.txt.gz
TIME:20090428183704
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On April 28, 2009, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its first quarter 2009 results and the availability of its first quarter financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: April 28, 2009
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported net income for the quarter ended March 31, 2009, of $1.69 per share, compared with $1.10 per share for the same quarter last year.
ZURICH, Switzerland, April 28, 2009
(1)
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) was $1.99 per share, compared with $2.14 per share.
(2)
The net realized and unrealized losses after tax were $291 million due to the mark-to-market pricing impact caused by continued widening of credit spreads and the decline in global equity markets. Realized losses due to credit impairment were $27 million. Book value increased $272 million, up 2% from December 31, 2008. Annualized return on average equity was 18.4%.
(3)
The property and casualty (P&C) combined ratio was 87.5%.
 
Evan G. Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, stated: "ACE had a good first quarter, marked by strong operating and net income, with all divisions of the company making a positive contribution to results. Book value grew 2% and our ROE was over 18%.
"The strong U.S. dollar had a substantial and negative impact on our P&C premium revenue, which grew 7% in the quarter after adjusting for foreign exchange. We benefited from a generally firming market, particularly in our P&C reinsurance and global retail P&C insurance businesses. We also continued to benefit from the consolidation of Combined Insurance Company in our results.
"As the year goes on, I expect revenue growth to remain under pressure due to global recessionary conditions and foreign exchange. While many of our customers' exposures are down due to reduced business activity, and many companies are in search of more affordable insurance alternatives, the quality of our portfolio of risks continues to improve given the firming pricing environment and the client flight to capability of a company like ACE."
 
Other operating highlights were as follows:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Details of our financial results for our business segments are available in the ACE Limited Financial Supplement. Key segment items include:
 
 
 
 
Earnings guidance announced on December 18, 2008, for the ACE Group for the full year 2009 has not changed.
Please refer to the ACE Limited Financial Supplement dated March 31, 2009, which is posted on the company's website in the Investor Information section, and access Financial Reports for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, investment portfolio and capital structure. The URL reference is: .
http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/irol/10/100907/fin_supp_march 31 2009.xls
 
ACE will host its first quarter earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday, April 29, 2009, beginning at 8:30 a.m. ET. The earnings conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 877-718-5111 (within the United States) or 719-325-4786 (international); passcode 4963586. Please refer to the ACE Limited website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available for approximately one month. To listen to the replay, dial: 888-203-1112 (in the United States) or 719-457-0820 (international); passcode 4963586.
www.acelimited.com
The ACE Group is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, the ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acelimited.com
 
 
 
is a common performance measurement for insurance companies. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in Other (income) expense related to partially-owned insurance companies because the amount of these gains (losses) do not relate to their respective operations.
Operating Income or Income excluding net realized gains (losses), net of tax
is calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, policy benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting income and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including net investment income, other income (expense), interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses). We believe the use of these measures enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
Underwriting income
is shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets. See reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on page 28 in the financial supplement.
Tangible shareholders' equity
These measures should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
 
Combined Insurance  Combined Insurance Company of America and certain of its subsidiaries.
NM  not meaningful comparison
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:
Forward-looking statements made in this press release, such as those related to premium revenue, client behavior, economic and insurance market conditions, and company performance reflect the company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the company's forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, integration activities and unexpected financial or operational performance with respect to acquired companies, unexpected effects or difficulties relating to the company's re-domestication to Switzerland, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments and actual settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, actual market developments, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
Life
 
 
 
 
 
 
Variable Annuity (VA) Lines
Historical Cash Flow Summary by Quarter
 
 
Amounts represent accrued past premium received and claims paid by quarter, split by benefit type.
 
Death Benefits (GMDB)
 
Premiums and claims from VA contracts reinsuring Guaranteed Minimum Death Benefits (GMDB)
 
Using our current mortality assumptions we expect approximately $165 million of claims and $95 million of premium on death benefits over the next 12 months.
 
Living Benefits (Includes GMIB and GMAB)
 
Premiums and claims from VA contracts reinsuring Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefits (GMIB) and Guaranteed Minimum Accumulation Benefits (GMAB), collectively known as Living Benefits.
 
Using our current assumptions we expect approximately $3 million of claims and $145 million of premium on living benefits over the next 12 months.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
Consolidated Reinsurance Recoverable
 
At December 31, 2008, $10.6 billion of ACE Limited recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 94.3% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Detail on Reinsurance Recoverable on Paid Losses and Loss Expenses
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage-backed and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Market Value at March 31, 2009
 
Insured asset-backed securities represent $93 million, or 15% of our asset-backed security holdings.
 
 
Mortgage-backed and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Market Value at March 31, 2009
 
total $10.8 billion, are rated predominantly AAA and comprise 28% of the fixed income portfolio. This compares to a 45% mortgage-backed weighting in representative indices of the U.S. fixed income market. The minimum rating for initial purchases of mortgage and asset backed securities is AAA.
Mortgage-backed securities
 
ACE suspended new investments in sub-prime backed securities in 3Q 2007 and ALT-A, credit card, and auto backed securities in 1Q 2008 and suspended new investments in CMBS in Q1 2009.
 
with implied or explicit government guarantees total $7.1 billion and represent 82% of the residential mortgage-backed portfolio.
Securities issued by Federal agencies
 
are rated predominantly AAA, backed by prime collateral, and broadly diversified in over 300,000 loans. The portfolio's loan-to-value ratio is approximately 68% with an average FICO score of 735. With this conservative loan-to-value ratio and subordinated collateral of 12%, the cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate would have to rise to 21% and real estate values would have to fall 45% before principal is impaired. The comparable historical cumulative foreclosure rate is 6% for prime mortgages.
Non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities
 
Within the portfolio of prime non-agency RMBS are $144 million of holdings classified as ALT-A. These ALT-A holdings are broadly diversified with over 70% issued prior to 2006. The average FICO score is 715 with a relatively conservative loan-to-value ratio of 70%. With subordinated collateral of 19%, the cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate would have to rise to 30% and real estate values would have to fall more than 45% before principal is impaired. The comparable historical cumulative foreclosure rate is approximately 10%.
 
of $2.1 billion are rated predominantly AAA, broadly diversified with over 26,000 loans and seasoned with 72% of the portfolio issued before 2006. The average loan-to-value ratio is approximately 63% with a debt service coverage ratio in excess of 1.7 and weighted average subordinated collateral of 27%. The cumulative foreclosure rate would have to rise to 62% and commercial real estate values would have to fall more than 64% before principal is impaired. The historical annual delinquency rate is 1%.
Commercial mortgage-backed securities
 
(current holdings of $64 million) are rated predominantly AAA, broadly diversified in over 115,000 loans with an average loan-to-value ratio of approximately 81% and an average FICO score of 604. With subordinated collateral of 32%, the cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate would have to rise to 49% and real estate values would have to fall more than 40% before principal is impaired. The comparable historical cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate is 32%.
Sub-prime asset-backed securities
 
are rated predominantly AAA with a short duration of approximately 0.8 years and average subordinated collateral of 14%. Annual default rates would have to rise to 15 times their current level of about 1.9% before principal is impaired.
Auto loan asset-backed securities
 
 
Mortgage-backed and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Amortized Cost at March 31, 2009
 
Insured asset-backed securities represent $105 million, or 16% of our asset-backed security holdings.
 
 
Market Value at March 31, 2009
 
 
U.S. Investment Grade Corporate Fixed Income Portfolio
 
The average credit quality of ACE's US investment grade bond portfolio is very high at AA+. 68% of investment grade securities holdings are rated AAA or guaranteed by governments or quasi-government agencies.
 
ACE prohibits investments in complex structured securities (e.g. CDOs, CLOs) and over-the-counter derivatives and does not permit the use of portfolio leverage.
 
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
 
 
Market Value at March 31, 2009
 
 
Below Investment Grade Corporate Fixed income Portfolio
 
ACE manages high yield bonds as a distinct and separate asset class from investment grade bonds. ACE's allocation to high yield bonds is explicitly set by internal management and is targeted to securities in the upper tier of credit quality (BB/B). Our minimum rating for initial purchase is BB/B.
 
Four external investment managers are responsible for high yield security selection and portfolio construction.
 
ACE's high yield managers have a conservative approach to credit selection and very low historical default experience.
 
Securities holdings are highly diversified across industries and are subject to a 1.5% issuer limit as a percentage of high yield allocation (or 0.1% of total portfolio). The portfolio is comprised of over 500 issuers with our largest current issuer exposure at $37 million. ACE monitors position limits on a daily basis through an internal compliance system.
 
Derivative and structured securities (e.g. credit default swaps, CLOs) are not permitted in high yield portfolios.
 
 
Market Value at March 31, 2009
 
Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio
 
ACE's non-U.S. investment grade fixed income portfolios are currency-matched with the insurance liabilities of ACE's non-U.S. operations. 88% of ACE's non-U.S. fixed income is denominated in G7 currencies.
 
Average credit quality of non-U.S. fixed income securities is very high at AA and 57% of holdings are rated AAA or guaranteed by governments or quasi-government agencies.
 
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
 
 
Investment portfolio
Top 25 Exposures - Fixed Maturity Investments
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
 
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations. However, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). A reconciliation of book value per share is provided on page 29.
 
In presenting our segment operating results, we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, policy benefits, policy acquisition costs, and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense, and net realized gains (losses).
 
The following non-GAAP measure is a common performance measurement and is defined as income excluding net realized gains (losses) and the related tax expense (benefit). We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in other income (expense) related to partially owned insurance companies because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with GAAP.
 
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Common Share
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 
 
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) less perpetual preferred securities divided by average common shareholders' equity for the period. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
Common shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per common share:
 
Combined Insurance Company of America, acquired April 1, 2008.
Combined Insurance:
 
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio excluding life business. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
 
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income excluding net realized gains (losses).
Effective tax rate:
 
Unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity.
FAS 115:
 
Net premium earned and net investment income less policy benefits, acquisition costs, and administrative expenses.
Life underwriting income:
 
Not meaningful.
NM:
 
Shareholders' equity less perpetual preferred shares.
Common shareholders' equity:
 
Common shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per common share:
 
Shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets.
Tangible equity:
 
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, perpetual preferred shares, and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20090505162613.txt.gz
TIME:20090505162613
EVENTS:	Regulation FD Disclosure
TEXT:
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concurrent with this filing, ACE Limited is posting a slide presentation entitled "ACE Financial Review First Quarter 2009" on its web site, accompanied by an audio presentation by Philip Bancroft, the company's chief financial officer. The presentation was created specifically for such posting and was not previously made to an audience. The presentation can be accessed for at least 60 days at .
http://www.acelimited.com/AceLimitedRoot/Investor+Information
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: May 5, 2009


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20090522133125.txt.gz
TIME:20090522133125
EVENTS:	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On May 20, 2009, the company announced that Brian Dowd, Chief Executive Officer, Insurance  North America, has been named to the additional position of Vice Chairman, ACE Limited and ACE Group Holdings. A copy of the press release for such announcement is set forth as Exhibit 99.1 hereto.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: May 22, 2009
 

Exhibit 99.1
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) announced today that Brian Dowd, Chief Executive Officer, Insurance  North America, has been named to the additional position of Vice Chairman, ACE Limited and ACE Group Holdings.
ZURICH, Switzerland  May 20, 2009
In addition to his current responsibilities, which encompass ACE's property and casualty insurance operations in the United States, Canada and Bermuda, Mr. Dowd will now assume corporatewide executive responsibility for the ACE Group's global product underwriting boards and the strategy and purchase of the company's reinsurance programs.
"We are pleased to name Brian vice chairman in recognition of the major contributions he has made to our company and to acknowledge the important role he will continue to play in our company's further growth and development," said Evan G. Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, ACE Limited. "We have benefited greatly from Brian's leadership, underwriting judgment and thoughtful approach to building our North American franchise. I consider Brian, together with John Keogh, who heads our international insurance operations, my senior partners in running ACE's global insurance business."
Mr. Dowd joined ACE in 1995 and has held a number of senior management positions with the company including President and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Westchester, President of ACE Specialty P&C Group, Senior Vice President of Property for ACE Bermuda and, most recently, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE USA.
The ACE Group is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, the ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acelimited.com
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20090528163001.txt.gz
TIME:20090528163001
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At the company's 2009 annual general meeting, the company's shareholders approved an amendment to its Articles of Association changing the scope of the services to be provided by the company's special auditor, as further described in the company's proxy statement dated April 7, 2009. The company's amended and restated Articles of Association containing this amendment will become effective with publication in the Swiss Commercial Gazette, retroactive to their registration in the daily register of the Canton of Zurich, Switzerland on May 22, 2009. A copy of the amended and restated Articles of Association is attached hereto as Exhibit 3 and incorporated herein by reference.
At the company's 2009 annual general meeting, the company's shareholders also approved amendments to the company's Articles of Association in conjunction with their approval of payments of a dividend in the form of a par value reduction, as further described in the company's proxy statement dated April 7, 2009. Those amendments to the Articles of Association will become effective with the registration of each quarterly par value reduction in the Swiss Commercial Register.
 
(d) Exhibits
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: May 28, 2009
 

Exhibit 3
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20090608084204.txt.gz
TIME:20090608084204
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
Table of Contents
Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.
     On June 3, 2009, ACE INA Holdings Inc. agreed to sell in a public offering $500 million of 5.90% Senior Notes due 2019. The notes will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by ACE Limited.
     Attached as Exhibits 1.1 and 1.2 are copies of the underwriting agreement and terms agreement relating to such public offering.
Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.
Table of Contents
     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
DATE: June 8, 2009

Exhibit 1.1
EXECUTION COPY
 
 
 
 
June 3, 2009     
Ladies and Gentlemen:
     ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), proposes to issue and sell up to $500,000,000 aggregate initial public offering price, or its equivalent based on the applicable exchange rate at the time of offering in such foreign or composite currencies as the Company shall designate at the time of offering, of its senior or subordinated debt securities (the "Debt Securities"), from time to time, in or pursuant to one or more offerings on terms to be determined at the time of sale. The Debt Securities will be unconditionally guaranteed as to payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest by ACE Limited, a Swiss company (the "Guarantor").
     The Debt Securities will be issued in one or more series as senior indebtedness (the "Senior Debt Securities") under an indenture, dated as of August 1, 1999 (the "Senior Indenture"), among the Company, the Guarantor and The Bank of New York Mellon (formerly known as The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., as successor to J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association and The First National Bank of Chicago), as trustee (the "Senior Trustee"), or as subordinated indebtedness (the "Subordinated Debt Securities") under an indenture (the "Subordinated Indenture", and collectively with the Senior Indenture, the "Indentures", and each, an "Indenture"), dated as of December 1, 1999 among the Company, the Guarantor and J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the "Subordinated Trustee", and collectively with the Senior Trustee, the "Trustees", and each, a "Trustee"). Each series of Debt Securities may vary, as applicable, as to title, aggregate principal amount, rank, interest rate or formula and timing of payments thereof, stated maturity date, redemption and/or repayment provisions, sinking fund requirements, conversion or exchange provisions and any other variable terms established by or pursuant to the applicable Indenture.
     Whenever the Company determines to make an offering of Debt Securities, the Company and the Guarantor will enter into an agreement (each, a "Terms Agreement") providing for the sale of such Debt Securities to, and the purchase and offering thereof by, the underwriters specified in the Terms Agreement (the "Underwriters", which term shall include any Underwriter substituted pursuant to Section 10 hereof). The Terms Agreement relating to the
 
offering of Debt Securities shall specify the aggregate principal amount of Debt Securities to be issued (the "Underwritten Securities"), the name of each Underwriter participating in such offering (subject to substitution as provided in Section 10 hereof) and the name of any Underwriter acting as co-manager in connection with such offering, the aggregate principal amount of Underwritten Securities that each such Underwriter severally agrees to purchase, whether such offering is on a fixed or variable price basis and, if on a fixed price basis, the initial offering price, the price at which the Underwritten Securities are to be purchased by the Underwriters, the form, time, date and place of delivery and payment of the Underwritten Securities and any other material variable terms of the Underwritten Securities. The Terms Agreement, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, may take the form of an exchange of any standard form of written telecommunication between the Company and one or more of the Underwriters, acting for themselves and, if applicable, as representative(s) of any other Underwriters. Each offering of Underwritten Securities will be governed by this Underwriting Agreement, as supplemented by the applicable Terms Agreement. As used herein, the term "Representative(s)" means, with respect to any offering of Debt Securities, any Underwriter(s) specified as the representative(s) of the Underwriters of such offering in the applicable Terms Agreement and if none is so designated, it means the Underwriters.
     The Company and the Guarantor have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") a joint automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-156143), for the registration of the Debt Securities and the guarantee thereof of the Guarantor (the "Guarantee") under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "1933 Act"), and the offering thereof from time to time in accordance with Rule 415 of the rules and regulations of the Commission under the 1933 Act (the "1933 Act Regulations"). Such registration statement became effective automatically upon filing on December 15, 2008, each Indenture has been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the "1939 Act"), and the Company and the Guarantor have filed such post-effective amendments to such registration statement as may be required prior to the execution of the applicable Terms Agreement and each such post-effective amendment became effective automatically upon filing with the Commission. At any given time, such registration statement (as so amended, if applicable, to such time), including any required information deemed to be a part thereof at such time pursuant to Rule 430B under the 1933 Act (the "Rule 430B Information"), is referred to herein as the "Registration Statement"; and the final base prospectus or prospectuses and the final prospectus supplement relating to the offering of the Underwritten Securities, in the form first furnished to the Underwriters by the Company and the Guarantor for use in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities, are collectively referred to herein as the "Prospectus"; provided, however, that at any given time references to the "Registration Statement" and the "Prospectus" shall also be deemed to include all documents incorporated therein by reference pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "1934 Act"), as of, in the case of the Registration Statement, such given date, or, in the case of the Prospectus, as of the date of the Prospectus. A "preliminary prospectus" shall be deemed to refer to any prospectus used before the Registration Statement became effective and any prospectus that omitted information to be included upon pricing in a form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the 1933 Act Regulations and was used after such effectiveness and prior to the relevant Applicable Time (as defined in the applicable Terms Agreement), including in each case any base prospectus so used and the documents incorporated by reference therein. For purposes of this Underwriting Agreement, all references to the Registration Statement, Prospectus or
 
preliminary prospectus or to any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing shall be deemed to include any copy filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval (also known as Interactive Data Electronic Applications) system ("EDGAR").
     The term "Disclosure Package" shall mean (i) each preliminary prospectus, as amended or supplemented, used in connection with the offer of the Underwritten Securities, (ii) the issuer free writing prospectuses as defined in Rule 433 of the Securities Act (each, an "Issuer Free Writing Prospectus"), if any, (iii) any other free writing prospectus that the parties hereto shall hereafter expressly agree in writing to treat as part of the Disclosure Package and (iv) the Final Term Sheet (as defined herein), which shall be identified in Schedule I to the applicable Terms Agreement.
     All references in this Underwriting Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information which is, at a given time, "contained," "included" or "stated" (or other references of like import) in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and schedules and other information which is incorporated by reference or deemed to be included in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus, as the case may be, as of, in the case of the Registration Statement, such given time, or, in the case of the Prospectus, the date of the Prospectus, or, in the case of a preliminary prospectus, the relevant Applicable Time; and all references in this Underwriting Agreement to amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus shall be deemed, at a given time, to mean and include the filing of any document under 1934 Act or the 1933 Act which is incorporated by reference or deemed to be included in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus, as the case may be, after, in the case of the Registration Statement, such given time, or, in the case of the Prospectus, the date of the Prospectus, or, in the case of a preliminary prospectus, the relevant Applicable Time.
     SECTION 1. .
Representations and Warranties
     (a) The Company and the Guarantor represent and warrant to each Underwriter named in the applicable Terms Agreement, as of the date thereof, as of the Applicable Time and as of the Closing Time (as defined below) (in each case, a "Representation Date"), as follows:
Representations and Warranties by the Company and the Guarantor.
     (1) . (i) At the time of filing the Registration Statement, (ii) at the time of the most recent amendment thereto for the purposes of complying with Section 10(a)(3) of the 1933 Act (whether such amendment was by post-effective amendment, incorporated report filed pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act or form of prospectus) and (iii) at the execution time of each of this Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement (with each such date being used as the determination date for purposes of this clause (iii)), each of the Company and the Guarantor was and is a "well known seasoned issuer" as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Act. The Registration Statement is an "automatic shelf registration statement", as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Act, neither the Company nor the Guarantor has received from the Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of
Compliance with Registration Requirements; Disclosure
 
the 1933 Act objecting to use of the automatic shelf registration statement form and neither the Company nor the Guarantor has otherwise ceased to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration statement form.
     (i) At the earliest time after the filing of the Registration Statement relating to the Underwritten Securities that the Company, the Guarantor or another offering participant made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) of the 1933 Act) and (ii) as of the date of the execution and delivery of each of this Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement (with each such date being used as the determination date for purposes of this clause (ii)), neither the Company nor the Guarantor was or is an Ineligible Issuer (as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Act), without taking account of any determination by the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 of the 1933 Act that it is not necessary that either the Company or the Guarantor be considered an Ineligible Issuer.
     No stop order has been issued under the 1933 Act and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or the Guarantor, are contemplated by the Commission, and any request on the part of the Commission for additional information has been complied with. In addition, each Indenture has been duly qualified under the 1939 Act.
     At the respective times the Registration Statement became effective or was deemed effective with respect to the Underwriters pursuant to Rule 430B(f)(2) under the 1933 Act and at each Representation Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and the 1939 Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission under the 1939 Act (the "1939 Act Regulations") and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.
     At the date of the Prospectus and at the Closing Time, neither the Prospectus nor any amendments and supplements thereto included or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
     As of the Applicable Time, the Disclosure Package did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
     Neither any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus nor the Final Term Sheet, as of its issue date and at all subsequent times through the completion of the offering of the Underwritten Securities or until any earlier date that the Company or the Guarantor notified or notifies the Representatives as described in the next sentence, did not, does not and will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any preliminary prospectus, including any document incorporated by reference therein that has not been superseded or modified. If at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing
 
Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any preliminary prospectus, the Company has promptly notified or will promptly notify the Representatives and has promptly amended or supplemented or will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict.
     The Company has not distributed and will not distribute, prior to the later of the Closing Time and the completion of the Underwriters' distribution of the Underwritten Securities, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Underwritten Securities other than a preliminary prospectus, the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus reviewed and consented to by the Representatives and included in Schedule I to the applicable Terms Agreement or the Registration Statement.
     Notwithstanding the foregoing, the representations and warranties in this subsection shall not apply to statements in or omissions from the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company or the Guarantor in writing by any Underwriter through the Representative(s) expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus.
     To the Company's knowledge, the Registration Statement is not the subject of a pending proceeding or examination under Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the 1933 Act, nor is the Company or the Guarantor the subject of a pending proceeding under Section 8A of the 1933 Act in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities.
     Each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus filed as part of the Registration Statement as originally filed or as part of any amendment thereto, or filed pursuant to Rule 424 under the 1933 Act, complied when so filed in all material respects with the 1933 Act Regulations and each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with the offering of Underwritten Securities will, at the time of such delivery, be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.
     (2) . The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, at the time they were or hereafter are filed with the Commission, complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (the "1934 Act Regulations") and, when read together with the other information in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, at the Applicable Time or at the date of the Prospectus, as the case may be, and at the Closing Time, did not and will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
Incorporated Documents
     (3) . The accountants who certified or shall certify the financial statements and any supporting schedules thereto of the Guarantor included
Independent Accountants
 
in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus are independent public accountants with respect to the Guarantor and its subsidiaries as required by the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations.
     (4) . The financial statements of the Guarantor included in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, together with the related schedules and notes, as well as those financial statements, schedules and notes of any other entity included therein, present fairly the financial position of the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries, or such other entity, as the case may be, at the dates indicated and the statement of operations, stockholders' equity and cash flows of the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries, or such other entity, as the case may be, for the periods specified. Such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved, except as indicated therein or in the notes thereto. The supporting schedules, if any, included in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus present fairly in accordance with GAAP the information required to be stated therein. The selected financial data and the summary financial information, if any, included in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus present fairly the information shown therein and have been compiled on a basis consistent with that of the related audited financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.
Financial Statements
     (5) . Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except as otherwise stated therein (i) neither the Guarantor nor any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) has sustained any material loss or material interference with its business from any action, notice, order or decree from an insurance regulatory authority and (ii) there has been (A) no material adverse change in case reserves or losses or loss expense of the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries (including the Company) and (B) no material adverse change, nor any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business, or results of operations of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries (including the Company) considered as one enterprise, in either case whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business (a "Material Adverse Change").
No Material Adverse Change in Business
     (6) . The Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Guarantor and it has been duly incorporated and is subsisting and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under, or as contemplated under, this Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement. The Company is duly qualified to transact business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be
Good Standing of the Company; Place of Management
 
expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. The Company is domiciled and has its effective place of management outside Switzerland.
     (7) . The Guarantor has been duly incorporated for an unlimited duration and is validly existing as a company limited by shares () under the laws of Switzerland, with corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under, or as contemplated under, this Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement. The Guarantor is duly qualified to transact business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Valid Existence of the Guarantor
Aktiengesellschaft
     (8) . Each subsidiary of the Guarantor, other than such subsidiaries as would not, individually or in the aggregate, constitute a "significant subsidiary" as such term is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated under the 1933 Act (each, a "Significant Subsidiary") (including the Company) that is a corporation has been duly incorporated or organized and is an existing corporation in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, with corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; and each such Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor is duly qualified to transact business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of each such Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor has been duly authorized and validly issued and is fully paid and nonassessable; and all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of each such Significant Subsidiary is owned by the Guarantor, directly or through subsidiaries, except for de minimis shareholdings as required to comply with applicable law, and such capital stock is owned free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance, claim or equity (except for restrictions on transferability of the shares of insurance subsidiaries, under applicable law).
Good Standing of Corporate Subsidiaries
     (9) . Each Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor that is a partnership has been duly formed and is an existing partnership in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation, with power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; and each such Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the
Good Standing of Partnership Subsidiaries
 
failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; all of the outstanding equity interests of each such Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor have been duly authorized and validly issued; and all of the equity interests of each such Significant Subsidiary are owned by the Guarantor, directly or through subsidiaries, free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance, claim or equity (other than immaterial amounts necessary to comply with applicable law).
     (10) . If the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus contains a "Capitalization" section, the authorized, issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Guarantor are as set forth in the column entitled "Actual" under such section (except for subsequent issuances thereof, if any, pursuant to reservations, agreements or employee benefit plans or pursuant to the exercise of convertible securities or options). Such shares of capital stock have been duly authorized and validly issued by the Guarantor and are fully paid and non-assessable, and none of such shares of capital stock was issued in violation of preemptive or other similar rights of any securityholder of the Guarantor.
Capitalization
     (11) . This Underwriting Agreement has been, and the applicable Terms Agreement as of the date thereof will have been, duly authorized, executed and delivered by each of the Company and the Guarantor.
Authorization of this Underwriting Agreement and Terms Agreement
     (12) . The Underwritten Securities have been, or as of the date of the applicable Terms Agreement will have been, duly authorized by the Company for issuance and sale pursuant to this Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement. Such Underwritten Securities, when issued and authenticated in the manner provided for in the applicable Indenture and delivered against payment of the consideration therefor specified in such Terms Agreement, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), and except further as enforcement thereof may be limited by requirements that a claim with respect to any Underwritten Securities payable in a foreign or composite currency (or a foreign or composite currency judgment in respect of such claim) be converted into U.S. dollars at a rate of exchange prevailing on a date determined pursuant to applicable law or by governmental authority to limit, delay or prohibit the making of payments outside the United States. Such Underwritten Securities will be in the form contemplated by, and each registered holder thereof will be entitled to the benefits of, the applicable Indenture.
Authorization of Underwritten Securities
     (13) . The Guarantee has been, or as of the date of such Terms Agreement will have been, duly authorized by the Guarantor for issuance pursuant to this Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement. Such Guarantee, when issued and delivered in the manner provided for in the applicable
Authorization of Guarantee
 
Indenture, will constitute a valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor, enforceable against the Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), and will be in the form contemplated by, and entitled to the benefits of, the Indenture.
     (14) . The applicable Indenture has been, or prior to the issuance of the Debt Securities thereunder will have been, duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and the Guarantor and, upon such authorization, execution and delivery, will constitute a valid and binding agreement of the Company and the Guarantor, enforceable against each of them in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).
Authorization of the Indentures
     (15) . The Underwritten Securities being sold pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement, the Guarantee and each applicable Indenture, as of each Representation Date, will conform in all material respects to the statements relating thereto contained in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and will be in substantially the form filed or incorporated by reference, as the case may be, as an exhibit to the Registration Statement.
Descriptions of the Underwritten Securities, the Guarantee and the Indentures
     (16) . Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, under current laws and regulations of Switzerland and any political subdivision thereof, all interest payable on the Underwritten Securities may be paid by the Guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee to the holders thereof in United States dollars and freely transferred out of Switzerland and all such payments made to holders thereof or therein who are non-residents of Switzerland will not be subject to income, withholding or other taxes under laws and regulations of Switzerland or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein and will otherwise be free and clear of any other tax, duty, withholding or deduction in Switzerland or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein and without the necessity of obtaining any governmental authorization in Switzerland or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein.
Non-Taxation of Interest
     (17) . The description of the Guarantor's reserves and reserving methodology and assumptions described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus is accurate and fairly presents the information set forth therein in all material respects and, since the date of the latest financial statements included in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, no loss experience has developed which would require or make it appropriate for the Guarantor to alter or modify such methodology.
Reserves
 
     (18) . Neither the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is in violation of its charter or by-laws, partnership agreement or other constitutive documents or in default in the performance or observance of any obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan or credit agreement, note, lease or other agreement or instrument to which the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to which any of the assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is subject (collectively, "Agreements and Instruments"), except for such defaults that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. The execution, delivery and performance of this Underwriting Agreement, the applicable Terms Agreement and each applicable Indenture and any other agreement or instrument entered into or issued or to be entered into or issued by the Company or the Guarantor in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (including, without limitation, the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities, the issuance of the Guarantee, and the use of the proceeds from the sale of the Underwritten Securities, together with the Guarantee, as described under the caption "Use of Proceeds") and compliance by the Company and the Guarantor, as applicable, with their respective obligations hereunder and thereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and do not and will not, whether with or without the giving of notice or passage of time or both, conflict with or constitute a breach of, or default or Repayment Event (as defined below) under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) pursuant to, any Agreements and Instruments (except for such conflicts, breaches, defaults or Repayment Events or liens, charges or encumbrances that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change), nor will such action result in any violation of the provisions of the charter, by-laws, partnership agreement or other constitutive document of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) or, to the best of the Company's and the Guarantor's knowledge, any applicable law, statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ or decree of any government, government instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) or over any of the assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company), except for such violations under applicable law, statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ or decree as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. As used herein, a "Repayment Event" means any event or condition that gives the holder of any note, debenture or other evidence of indebtedness (or any person acting on such holder's behalf) the right to require the repurchase, redemption or repayment of all or a portion of such indebtedness by the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company).
Absence of Defaults and Conflicts
     (19) . There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or brought by any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign, now pending, or to the knowledge of the Company or the Guarantor
Absence of Proceedings
 
threatened or contemplated, against or affecting the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) that is required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus (other than as stated therein), or that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, or that would reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the ability of the Company or the Guarantor to perform its obligations under this Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement.
     (20) . There are no contracts or documents that are required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, the Prospectus or the documents incorporated by reference therein or to be filed as exhibits thereto that have not been so described and filed as required.
Accuracy of Exhibits
     (21) . No consent, approval, authorization, or order of, or filing with, any governmental agency or body or any court, domestic or foreign, is required for the due authorization, execution or delivery by the Company or the Guarantor of this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement or for the performance by the Company or the Guarantor of the transactions contemplated under the Prospectus, this Underwriting Agreement, such Terms Agreement or the applicable Indenture, as applicable, except such as have been obtained and made under the 1933 Act, such filing of the Prospectus as has been made with the Bermuda Registrar of Companies under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda and such as may be required under state securities laws.
Absence of Further Requirements
     (22) . The Guarantor and its subsidiaries (including the Company) possess such permits, licenses, approvals, consents and other authorizations (collectively, "Governmental Licenses") issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory agencies or bodies necessary to conduct the business now operated by them, except where the failure to so possess any such Governmental Licenses would not, singly or in aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. The Guarantor and its subsidiaries (including the Company) are in compliance with the terms and conditions of all such Governmental Licenses, except where the failure so to comply would not, singly or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. All of the Governmental Licenses are valid and in full force and effect, except where the invalidity of such Governmental Licenses or the failure of such Governmental Licenses to be in full force and effect would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. Neither the Guarantor nor any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such Governmental Licenses that, singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Possession of Licenses and Permits
     (23) . Each of the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries (including insurance holding companies) is duly registered, licensed or admitted as an insurer or an insurance holding company (as applicable) in each jurisdiction where it is required to be so licensed or admitted to conduct its business as presently conducted, except where the failure to be so registered, licensed or admitted would not reasonably be
Insurance Laws
 
expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; each of the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries has all other necessary authorizations, approvals, orders, certificates and permits, of and from, and has made all declarations and filings with, all insurance authorities, commissions or other insurance regulatory bodies to conduct their respective businesses as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except for where the failure to have such authorizations, approvals, orders, certificates and permits, or to make such declarations and filings, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; all of such authorizations, approvals, orders, certificates and permits are in full force and effect, except where the failure to be in full force and effect would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and neither the Guarantor nor its insurance subsidiaries has received any notification from any insurance authority, commission or other insurance regulatory body to the effect that any additional authorization, approval, order, license, certificate or permit from such authority, commission or body is needed to be obtained by any of the Guarantor or its insurance subsidiaries, except for any authorization, approval, order, license, certificate or permit from any such authority, commission or body the failure of which to obtain, singly or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
     Each of the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries is in compliance with all applicable insurance statutes and regulations and has filed all reports, documents or other information required to be filed under such statutes and regulations, except where the failure to comply or file would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and each of the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries is in compliance with the insurance laws and regulations of other jurisdictions which are applicable to the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries (as the case may be), except where the failure to comply would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
     (24) . Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, no authorization, approval or consent of any governmental authority or agency is required (other than any license as an insurer or insurance holding company and other than those that have already been obtained) under the laws of any jurisdiction in which the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) conduct their respective businesses in connection with the ownership, directly or indirectly, by the Guarantor of equity interests in any subsidiary (including the Company) or the repatriation of any amount from or to the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company), except to the extent that the failure to obtain such authorization, approval or consent would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Governmental Authorization
     (25) . The Underwritten Securities, upon issuance, will be excluded or exempted under, or beyond the purview of, the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the "Commodity Exchange Act"), and the rules and regulations of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the Commodity Exchange Act (the "Commodity Exchange Act Regulations").
Commodity Exchange Act
     (26) . The Company and the Guarantor are not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities as herein contemplated and the
Investment Company Act
 
application of the net proceeds therefrom as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus they will not be, an "investment company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act").
     (27) . The Guarantor maintains a system of internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company's principal executive officer and principal financial officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Guarantor's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of the end of the quarter ended December 31, 2006, and the Guarantor was not aware of any material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting at such time.
Internal Controls and Procedures
     (b) Any certificate signed by any officer of the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries and delivered to the Representative(s) or to counsel for the Underwriters in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company, the Guarantor or such subsidiary, as the case may be, to each Underwriter as to the matters covered thereby on the date of such certificate and, unless subsequently amended or supplemented, at each Representation Date subsequent thereto.
Officers' Certificates.
     SECTION 2. .
Sale and Delivery to Underwriters; Closing
     (a) The several commitments of the Underwriters to purchase the Underwritten Securities pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement shall be deemed to have been made on the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained and shall be subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth.
Underwritten Securities.
     (b) Payment of the purchase price for, and delivery of, the Underwritten Securities shall be made at the offices of Sidley Austin , 787 Seventh Avenue, New York, New York 10019, or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Representative(s) and the Company, at 9:00 A.M. (Eastern time) on the third (fourth, if the pricing occurs after 4:30 P.M. (Eastern time) on any given day) business day after the date of the applicable Terms Agreement (unless postponed in accordance with the provisions of Section 10 hereof), or such other time not later than ten business days after such date as shall be agreed upon by the Representative(s) and the Company (such time and date of payment and delivery being herein called "Closing Time").
Payment.
llp
     Payment shall be made to the Company by wire transfer of immediately available funds to a bank account designated by the Company, against delivery to the Representative(s) for the respective accounts of the Underwriters of the Underwritten Securities to be purchased by them. It is understood that each Underwriter has authorized the Representative(s), for its account, to accept delivery of, receipt for, and make payment of the purchase price for, the Underwritten Securities which it has severally agreed to purchase. Any Representative, individually and not as representative of the Underwriters, may (but shall not be obligated to) make payment of the purchase price for the Underwritten Securities to be purchased by any Underwriter whose funds
 
have not been received by the Closing Time, but such payment shall not relieve such Underwriter from its obligations hereunder.
     (c) If the Underwritten Securities are issued other than in book-entry form, certificates for the Underwritten Securities shall be in such denominations and registered in such names as the Representative(s) may request in writing at least one full business day prior to the Closing Time. If the Underwritten Securities are issued other than in book-entry form, certificates for the Underwritten Securities will be made available for examination and packaging by the Representative(s) in The City of New York not later than 10:00 A.M. (Eastern time) on the business day prior to the Closing Time.
Denominations; Registration.
     SECTION 3. . The Company and the Guarantor covenant with the Representative(s) and with each Underwriter participating in the offering of Underwritten Securities, as follows:
Covenants of the Company and the Guarantor
     (a)  The Company and the Guarantor, subject to Section 3(b), will comply with the requirements of Rule 430B of the 1933 Act Regulations, if and as applicable, and they will notify the Representative(s) immediately, and confirm the notice in writing, of (i) the filing and effectiveness of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or the filing of any supplement or amendment to the Prospectus, (ii) the receipt of any comments from the Commission, (iii) any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus or for additional information, (iv) the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any preliminary prospectus, or of the suspension of the qualification of the Underwritten Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of any proceedings for any of such purposes or of any examination pursuant to Section 8(e) of the 1933 Act concerning the Registration Statement and (v) if the Company or the Guarantor becomes the subject of a proceeding under Section 8A of the 1933 Act in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities. The Company and the Guarantor will effect the filings required under Rule 424(b) of the 1933 Act Regulations, in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)), and will take such steps as they deem necessary to ascertain promptly whether each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus transmitted for filing under Rule 424 was received for filing by the Commission and, in the event that it was not, they will promptly file such preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus. The Company and the Guarantor will make every reasonable effort to prevent the issuance of any stop order and, if any stop order is issued, to obtain the lifting thereof at the earliest possible moment. The Company and the Guarantor agree to pay the required Commission filing fees relating to the Underwritten Securities within the time required by Rule 456(b)(1) of the 1933 Act Regulations without regard to the proviso therein and otherwise in accordance with Rules 456(b) and 457(r) of the 1933 Act Regulations.
Compliance with Securities Regulations and Commission Requests; Payment of Filing Fees.
     (b) . The Company and the Guarantor will give the Representative(s) notice of their intention to file or prepare any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment, supplement or revision to either any preliminary prospectus or to the Prospectus, whether pursuant to the
Filing of Amendments and Exchange Act Documents; Preparation of Final Term Sheet
 
1933 Act, the 1934 Act or otherwise, and the Company and the Guarantor will furnish the Representative(s) with copies of any such documents a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing or use, as the case may be, and will give the Representative(s) a reasonable opportunity to comment on any such document prior to such proposed filing or use, as the case may be. The Company will prepare a final term sheet (the "Final Term Sheet") reflecting the final terms of the Underwritten Securities, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative(s) and attached as Schedule II to the applicable Terms Agreement, and shall file such Final Term Sheet as an "issuer free writing prospectus" pursuant to Rule 433 under the 1933 Act Regulations within the time required by such rule.
     (c) The Company and the Guarantor have furnished or will deliver to the Representative(s) and counsel for the Underwriters, without charge, signed copies of the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each amendment thereto (including exhibits filed therewith or incorporated by reference therein and documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein or deemed to be a part thereof) and signed copies of all consents and certificates of experts, and will also deliver to the Representative(s), without charge, a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each amendment thereto (without exhibits) for each of the Underwriters. The Registration Statement and each amendment thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.
Delivery of Registration Statements.
     (d) The Company and the Guarantor will deliver to each Underwriter, without charge, as many copies of each preliminary prospectus and each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus (as defined below) as such Underwriter may reasonably request, and the Company and the Guarantor hereby consent to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the 1933 Act. The Company and the Guarantor will furnish to each Underwriter, without charge, during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act, such number of copies of the Prospectus as such Underwriter may reasonably request. The Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.
Delivery of Prospectuses.
     (e) The Company and the Guarantor will comply with the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and the 1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Underwritten Securities as contemplated in this Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement and in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. If at any time when the Prospectus is required by the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act to be delivered in connection with sales of the Underwritten Securities, any event shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters or for the Company and the Guarantor, to amend the Registration Statement in order that the Registration Statement will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or to amend or supplement the Prospectus in order that the Prospectus will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading in the light of the circumstances existing at the time it is delivered to a purchaser, or if it shall be necessary, in the opinion of such
Continued Compliance with Securities Laws.
 
counsel, at any such time to amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement the Prospectus in order to comply with the requirements of the 1933 Act or the 1933 Act Regulations, the Company and the Guarantor will promptly prepare and file with the Commission, at its own expense, subject to Section 3(b), such amendment or supplement as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or to comply with such requirements, the Company and the Guarantor will use their best efforts to have such amendment declared effective as soon as practicable (if it is not automatically effective with respect to the Underwritten Securities), and the Company and the Guarantor will furnish to the Underwriters, without charge, such number of copies of such amendment or supplement as the Underwriters may reasonably request. Neither the Representatives' consent to, nor any Underwriters' delivery of, any such amendment or supplement shall constitute a waiver of any of the conditions set forth in Section 5. If at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or any preliminary prospectus or included or would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances prevailing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company and the Guarantor will promptly notify the Representative(s) and will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement or omission and will promptly file such amendment or supplement with the Commission.
     (f) The Company and the Guarantor will use their best efforts, in cooperation with the Underwriters, to qualify the Underwritten Securities for offering and sale under the applicable securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions (domestic or foreign) as the Representative(s) may designate and to maintain such qualifications in effect for a period of not less than one year from the date of the applicable Terms Agreement; provided, however, that the Company and the Guarantor shall not be obligated to file any general consent to service of process or to qualify as a foreign corporation or as a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which they are not so qualified or to subject themselves to taxation in respect of doing business in any jurisdiction in which they are not otherwise so subject. In each jurisdiction in which the Underwritten Securities have been so qualified, the Company and the Guarantor will file such statements and reports as may be required by the laws of such jurisdiction to continue such qualification in effect for a period of not less than one year from the date of such Terms Agreement.
Blue Sky Qualifications.
     (g) . The Guarantor and, to the extent separately required pursuant to Rule 158 under the 1933 Act, the Company will timely file such reports pursuant to the 1934 Act as are necessary in order to make generally available to its securityholders as soon as practicable an earnings statement for the purposes of, and to provide the benefits contemplated by, the last paragraph of Section 11(a) of the 1933 Act.
Earnings Statement
     (h) The Company will use the net proceeds received by it from the sale of the Underwritten Securities in the manner specified under "Use of Proceeds" in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. The Company will receive and use all of the proceeds from the offering exclusively outside Switzerland.
Use of Proceeds.
 
     (i) The Company and the Guarantor will use their best efforts to effect the listing of the Underwritten Securities, prior to the Closing Time, on any national securities exchange or quotation system if and as specified in the applicable Terms Agreement.
Listing.
     (j) Between the date of the applicable Terms Agreement and the Closing Time or such other date specified in such Terms Agreement, neither the Company nor the Guarantor will, without the prior written consent of the Representative(s), directly or indirectly, issue, sell, offer or contract to sell, grant any option for the sale of, or otherwise dispose of, the debt securities specified in such Terms Agreement.
Restriction on Sale of Debt Securities.
     (k) The Guarantor, during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act, will file all documents required to be filed with the Commission pursuant to the 1934 Act within the time periods required by the 1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations.
Reporting Requirements.
     (l) The Company and the Guarantor will jointly and severally indemnify and hold harmless the Underwriters against any documentary, stamp or similar issue tax, including any interest and penalties, on the creation, issue and sale of the Underwritten Securities and on the execution and delivery of this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement. All payments to be made by the Company or the Guarantor hereunder shall be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties or governmental charges whatsoever unless the Company or the Guarantor is compelled by law to deduct or withhold such taxes, duties or charges. In that event, the Company or the Guarantor shall pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received after such withholding or deduction shall equal the amounts that would have been received if no withholding or deduction had been made.
Documentary, Stamp or Similar Issue Taxes.
     (m) Each of the Company and the Guarantor represents that it has not made, and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Representative(s), it will not make, any offer relating to the Underwritten Securities that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute a "free writing prospectus" (as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Regulations) required to be filed by the Company or the Guarantor with the Commission or retained by the Company or the Guarantor under Rule 433 of the 1933 Act Regulations; provided that the prior written consent of the Representative(s) shall be deemed to have been given in respect of the free writing prospectuses listed in Schedule I to the applicable Terms Agreement. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Representative(s) is hereinafter referred to as a "Permitted Free Writing Prospectus". Each of the Company and the Guarantor agrees that (i) it has treated and will treat, as the case may be, each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and (ii) has complied and will comply, as the case may be, with the requirements of Rules 164 and 433 of the 1933 Act Regulations applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including in respect of timely filing with the Commission, legending and record keeping. Each of the Company and the Guarantor consents to the use by any Underwriter of a free writing prospectus that (a) is not an "issuer free writing prospectus" as defined in Rule 433, and (b) contains only (i) information describing the preliminary terms of the Underwritten Securities or their offering, (ii) information permitted by Rule 134 of the 1933 Act Regulations
Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses.
 
or (iii) information that describes the final terms of the Underwritten Securities or their offering and that is included in the Final Term Sheet
     (n) . If immediately prior to the third anniversary (the "Renewal Deadline") of the initial effective date of the Registration Statement, any of the Underwritten Securities remain unsold by the Underwriters, the Company and the Guarantor will prior to the Renewal Deadline file, if it has not already done so and is eligible to do so, a new automatic shelf registration statement relating to the Underwritten Securities, in a form satisfactory to the Representative(s). If the Company or the Guarantor is no longer eligible to file an automatic shelf registration statement, the Company and the Guarantor will prior to the Renewal Deadline, if it has not already done so, file a new shelf registration statement relating to the Underwritten Securities, in a form satisfactory to the Representative(s), and will use its best efforts to cause such registration statement to be declared effective within 60 days after the Renewal Deadline. The Company and the Guarantor will take all other action necessary or appropriate to permit the public offering and sale of the Underwritten Securities to continue as contemplated in the expired registration statement relating to the Underwritten Securities. References herein to the Registration Statement shall include such new automatic shelf registration statement or such new shelf registration statement, as the case may be.
Registration Statement Renewal Deadline
     (o) If at any time when Underwritten Securities remain unsold by the Underwriters either the Company or the Guarantor receives from the Commission a notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations or otherwise ceases to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration statement form, the Company or the Guarantor will (i) promptly notify the Representative(s), (ii) promptly file a new registration statement or post-effective amendment on the proper form relating to the Underwritten Securities, in a form satisfactory to the Representative(s), (iii) use its best efforts to cause such registration statement of post-effective amendment to be declared effective and (iv) promptly notify the Representative(s) of such effectiveness. The Company and the Guarantor will take all other action necessary or appropriate to permit the public offering and sale of the Underwritten Securities to continue as contemplated in the registration statement that was the subject of the Rule 401(g)(2) notice or for which the Company or the Guarantor has otherwise become ineligible. References herein to the Registration Statement shall include such new registration statement or post-effective amendment, as the case may be.
Notice of Inability to Use Automatic Shelf Registration Statement Form.
     SECTION 4. .
Payment of Expenses
     (a) The Company and the Guarantor will pay all expenses incidental to the performance of their obligations under this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement, including (i) the preparation, printing and filing of the Registration Statement (including financial statements and exhibits) as originally filed and of each amendment thereto, (ii) the preparation, printing and delivery to the Underwriters of this Underwriting Agreement, any Terms Agreement, any Agreement among Underwriters, the Indentures, and such other documents as may be required in connection with the offering, purchase, sale, issuance or delivery of the Underwritten Securities, (iii) the preparation, issuance and delivery of the Underwritten Securities and any certificates for the Underwritten Securities, to the Underwriters, including any transfer taxes and any stamp or other duties payable upon the sale, issuance or delivery of the Underwritten Securities to the Underwriters, (iv) the fees and disbursements of
Expenses.
 
the Company's and the Guarantor's counsel, accountants and other advisors or agents (including transfer agents and registrars), as well as the fees and disbursements of the Trustees, and their respective counsel, (v) the qualification of the Underwritten Securities under state securities laws in accordance with the provisions of Section 3(f) hereof, including filing fees and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters in connection therewith and in connection with the preparation, printing and delivery of the Blue Sky Survey, and any amendment thereto, (vi) the printing and delivery to the Underwriters and filing of copies of each preliminary prospectus, the Prospectus, any free writing prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, (vii) the fees charged by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations for the rating of the Underwritten Securities, if applicable, (viii) the fees and expenses incurred with respect to the listing of the Underwritten Securities, if applicable, and (ix) the filing fees incident to, and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Underwriters in connection with, the review, if any, by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (the "FINRA") of the terms of the sale of the Underwritten Securities.
     (b) If the applicable Terms Agreement is terminated by the Representative(s) in accordance with the provisions of Section 5 or Section 9(a)(i) or 9(a)(ii) hereof, the Company and the Guarantor shall reimburse the Underwriters for all of their out-of-pocket expenses, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters.
Termination of Agreement.
     SECTION 5. . The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Underwritten Securities pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement are subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company and the Guarantor contained in Section 1(a) hereof or in certificates of any officer of the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries delivered pursuant to the provisions hereof, to the performance by the Company and the Guarantor of their covenants and other obligations hereunder, and to the following further conditions:
Conditions of Underwriters' Obligations
     (a) The Registration Statement has become effective under the 1933 Act; no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued under the 1933 Act and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or be pending or threatened by the Commission; any request on the part of the Commission for additional information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of counsel to the Underwriters; no notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations shall have been received by the Company or the Guarantor objecting to the use of the automatic shelf registration statement form; the Registration Statement is not the subject of a pending proceeding or examination under Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the 1933 Act, and neither the Company nor the Guarantor is the subject of a pending proceeding under Section 8A of the 1933 Act in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities. Each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus shall have been filed with the Commission (including the information required by Rule 430B of the 1933 Act Regulations) in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) of the 1933 Act Regulations without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8) of the 1933 Act Regulations, or a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement containing the information required by such Rule 430B shall have been filed, and such post-effective amendment shall have become effective. The Final Term Sheet and any other material required to be filed by the Company or the Guarantor
Effectiveness of Registration Statement; No Objection from the FINRA; Filings.
 
pursuant to Rule 433(d) of the 1933 Act Regulations, shall have been filed with the Commission within the applicable time periods prescribed for such filings under such Rule 433.
     (b) . At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received the favorable opinions, each dated as of Closing Time, of Niederer Kraft & Frey AG, Swiss counsel for the Guarantor, Conyers Dill & Pearman, Bermuda Counsel for the Guarantor, the Guarantor's General Counsel, and Mayer Brown LLP, United States counsel for the Company and the Guarantor, in form and substance satisfactory to counsel for the Underwriters, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letters for each of the other Underwriters, to the effect set forth in: Exhibit B hereto with respect to the opinion of Niederer Kraft & Frey AG; Exhibit C hereto with respect to the opinion of Conyers Dill & Pearman; Exhibit D hereto with respect to the opinion of the Guarantor's General Counsel and Exhibit E hereto with respect to the opinion of Mayer Brown LLP, and, as to each opinion, to such further effect as the Underwriters may reasonably request.
Opinions of Counsel for Company and Guarantor
     (c) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received the favorable opinion, dated as of Closing Time, of Sidley Austin , counsel for the Underwriters, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriters, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letter for each of the other Underwriters. In giving such opinion, such counsel may rely, as to all matters governed by the laws of jurisdictions other than the law of the State of New York, the federal law of the United States and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, upon the opinions of counsel satisfactory to the Representative(s). Such counsel may also state that, insofar as such opinion involves factual matters, they have relied, to the extent they deem proper, upon certificates of officers of the Company, the Guarantor and their respective subsidiaries and certificates of public officials.
Opinion of Counsel for Underwriters.
llp
     (d) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received a certificate of the President or a Vice President of the Company and of the chief financial officer or chief accounting officer of the Company, dated as of Closing Time, to the effect that (i) there has not been, since the date of the applicable Terms Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, any material adverse change, or any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (ii) the representations and warranties of the Company in Section 1(a) are true and correct with the same force and effect as though expressly made at and as of the Closing Time, (iii) the Company has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to the Closing Time, and (iv) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted, are pending or, to the best of such officer's knowledge, are threatened by the Commission.
Company Officers' Certificate.
     (e) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received a certificate of either the Chairman, the President and Chief Executive Officer or the General Counsel and Secretary of the Guarantor and of either the chief financial officer, chief accounting officer or chief investment officer of the Guarantor, dated as of Closing Time, to the effect that, to the best of their knowledge and after reasonable investigation, (i) there has not
Guarantor Officers' Certificate.
 
been, since the date of the applicable Terms Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, any material adverse change, or any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business or results of operations of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (ii) the representations and warranties of the Guarantor in Section 1(a) are true and correct with the same force and effect as though expressly made at and as of the Closing Time, (iii) the Guarantor has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to the Closing Time, and (iv) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted, are pending or are threatened by the Commission.
     (f) At the time of the execution of the applicable Terms Agreement, the Representative(s) shall have received from Pricewaterhouse Coopers letters, each dated such date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative(s), together with signed or reproduced copies of such letters for each of the other Underwriters, containing statements and information of the type ordinarily included in accountants' "comfort letters" to underwriters with respect to the financial statements and certain financial information contained in the Registration Statement, the preliminary prospectus or prospectuses that are part of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.
Accountant's Comfort Letters.
llp
     (g) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received from Pricewaterhouse Coopers letters, each dated as of Closing Time, to the effect that they reaffirm the statements made in the letters furnished pursuant to subsection (f) of this Section 5, except that the specified date referred to shall be a date not more than three business days prior to the Closing Time.
Bring-down Comfort Letters.
llp
     (h) At Closing Time, the Underwritten Securities shall have the ratings accorded by any "nationally recognized statistical rating organization", as defined by the Commission for purposes of Rule 436(g)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations (each, a "Rating Organization"), if and as specified in the applicable Terms Agreement, and the Company and the Guarantor shall have delivered to the Representative(s) a letter, dated as of such date, from each such rating organization, or other evidence satisfactory to the Representative(s), confirming that the Underwritten Securities have such ratings. Since the time of execution of such Terms Agreement, there shall not have occurred a downgrading in, or withdrawal of, the rating assigned to the Underwritten Securities or any of the Guarantor's other securities or the Guarantor's financial strength or claims paying ability by any such Rating Organization, and no such Rating Organization shall have publicly announced that it has under surveillance or review with negative implications its rating of the Underwritten Securities or any of the Guarantor's other securities or the Guarantor's financial strength or claims paying ability.
Ratings.
     (i) At Closing Time, the Underwritten Securities shall have been approved for listing, subject only to official notice of issuance, on the securities exchanges, if any, specified in the applicable Terms Agreement.
Approval of Listing.
     (j) At Closing Time, counsel for the Underwriters shall have been furnished with such documents and opinions as they may require for the purpose of
Additional Documents.
 
enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities as herein contemplated, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the conditions, herein contained; and all proceedings taken by the Company and the Guarantor in connection with the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities and the Guarantee as herein contemplated shall be satisfactory in form and substance to the Representative(s) and counsel for the Underwriters.
     (k) If any condition specified in this Section 5 shall not have been fulfilled when and as required to be fulfilled, the applicable Terms Agreement may be terminated by the Representative(s) by notice to the Company and the Guarantor at any time at or prior to the Closing Time, and such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except as provided in Section 4 and except that Sections 1, 6, 7 and 8 shall survive any such termination and remain in full force and effect.
Termination of Terms Agreement.
     SECTION 6. .
Indemnification
     (a) The Company and the Guarantor agree to jointly and severally indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter and each person, if any, who controls any Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act as follows:
Indemnification of Underwriters.
     (1) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B Information deemed to be a part thereof, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact included in any preliminary prospectus, the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the information contained in the Final Term Sheet, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;
     (2) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, to the extent of the aggregate amount paid in settlement of any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission; provided that (subject to Section 6(d) below) any such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company and the Guarantor; and
     (3) against any and all expense whatsoever, as incurred (including the fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by the Representative(s)), reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue
 
statement or omission, to the extent that any such expense is not paid under (1) or (2) above;
, , that this indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense to the extent arising out of any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company or the Guarantor by any Underwriter through the Representative(s) expressly for use in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B Information deemed to be a part thereof or any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto).
provided
however
     (b) Each Underwriter severally and not jointly agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, the Guarantor, their respective directors, each of their respective officers who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company or the Guarantor within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the indemnity contained in subsection (a) of this Section, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions, made in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B Information deemed to be a part thereof or any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company or the Guarantor by such Underwriter through the Representative(s) expressly for use in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto) or such preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto).
Indemnification of Company, Guarantor, Directors and Officers.
     (c) Each indemnified party shall give notice as promptly as reasonably practicable to each indemnifying party of any action commenced against it in respect of which indemnity may be sought hereunder, but failure to so notify an indemnifying party shall not relieve such indemnifying party from any liability hereunder to the extent it is not materially prejudiced as a result thereof and in any event shall not relieve it from any liability which it may have otherwise than on account of this indemnity agreement. In the case of parties indemnified pursuant to Section 6(a) above, counsel to the indemnified parties shall be selected by the Representative(s), and, in the case of parties indemnified pursuant to Section 6(b) above, counsel to the indemnified parties shall be selected by the Guarantor. An indemnifying party may participate at its own expense in the defense of any such action; provided, however, that counsel to the indemnifying party shall not (except with the consent of the indemnified party) also be counsel to the indemnified party. In no event shall the indemnifying parties be liable for fees and expenses of more than one counsel (in addition to any local counsel) separate from their own counsel for all indemnified parties in connection with any one action or separate but similar or related actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified parties, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever in respect of which indemnification or contribution could be sought under this Section 6 or Section 7 hereof (whether or not the indemnified parties are actual or potential parties thereto), unless such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes an unconditional release of each indemnified
Actions against Parties; Notification.
 
party from all liability arising out of such litigation, investigation, proceeding or claim and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party.
     (d) If at any time an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel, such indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of the nature contemplated by Section 6(a)(2) effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 45 days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request, (ii) such indemnifying party shall have received notice of the terms of such settlement at least 30 days prior to such settlement being entered into and (iii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed such indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement.
Settlement without Consent if Failure to Reimburse.
     SECTION 7. . If the indemnification provided for in Section 6 hereof is for any reason unavailable to or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the aggregate amount of such losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses incurred by such indemnified party, as incurred, (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, from the offering of the Underwritten Securities pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations.
Contribution
     The relative benefits received by the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the total net proceeds from the offering of such Underwritten Securities (before deducting expenses) received by the Company and the total underwriting discount received by the Underwriters, in each case as set forth on the cover of the Prospectus bear to the aggregate initial public offering price of such Underwritten Securities as set forth on such cover.
     The relative fault of the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any such untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or the Guarantor or by the Underwriters and the parties' relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission.
     The Company, the Guarantor and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 7 were determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to above in this Section 7. The aggregate amount of losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses incurred by
 
an indemnified party and referred to above in this Section 7 shall be deemed to include any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.
     Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 7, no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total price at which the Underwritten Securities underwritten by it and distributed to the public were offered to the public exceeds the amount of any damages which such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason of any such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.
     No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.
     For purposes of this Section 7, each person, if any, who controls an Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act shall have the same rights to contribution as such Underwriter, and each director of the Company and the Guarantor, each officer of the Company and the Guarantor who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company or the Guarantor within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company and the Guarantor. The Underwriters' respective obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 7 are several in proportion to the aggregate principal amount of Initial Underwritten Securities set forth opposite their respective names in the applicable Terms Agreement, and not joint.
     SECTION 8. . All representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement or in certificates of officers of the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries submitted pursuant hereto or thereto shall remain operative and in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or controlling person, or by or on behalf of the Company or the Guarantor, and shall survive delivery of and payment for the Underwritten Securities.
Representations, Warranties and Agreements to Survive Delivery
     SECTION 9. .
Termination
     (a) The Representative(s) may terminate this Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement, by notice to the Company and the Guarantor, at any time at or prior to the Closing Time, if (i) there has been, since the time of execution of such Terms Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, any material adverse change, or any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (ii) there has been, since the time of execution of such Terms Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Prospectus, any material adverse change, or any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business or results of operations of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary
Terms Agreement.
 
course of business, (iii) there has occurred any material adverse change in the financial markets in the United States or any outbreak of hostilities or escalation thereof or other calamity or crisis or any change or development involving a prospective change in national or international political, financial or economic conditions, in each case referred to in this clause (iii), the effect of which is such as to make it, in the judgment of the Representative(s), impracticable or inadvisable to market the Underwritten Securities or to enforce contracts for the sale of the Underwritten Securities, (iv) any downgrading in the rating of any debt securities of the Guarantor or the Company or the insurance claims paying ability rating or other insurance rating of the Guarantor or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, in each case by any "nationally recognized statistical rating organization" (as defined for purposes of Rule 436 (g) under the 1933 Act), or any public announcement that any such organization has under surveillance or review its rating of any debt securities of the Guarantor or the Company (other than an announcement with positive implications of a possible upgrading, and no implication of a possible downgrading, of such rating) or of the insurance claims paying ability or other insurance rating of the Guarantor or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, (v) trading in any securities of the Company or the Guarantor has been suspended or materially limited by the Commission or the New York Stock Exchange, or if trading generally on the New York Stock Exchange or the American Stock Exchange or in the Nasdaq National Market has been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices have been required, by either of said exchanges or by such system or by order of the Commission, the FINRA or any other governmental authority or a material disruption has occurred in commercial banking or securities settlement or clearance services in the United States or (vi) a banking moratorium has been declared by either U.S. Federal, New York or Bermuda authorities or, if the Underwritten Securities are denominated or payable in, or indexed to, one or more foreign or composite currencies, by the relevant authorities in the related foreign country or countries.
     (b) If this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section 9, such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except as provided in Section 4 hereof, and provided further that Sections 1, 6, 7 and 8 shall survive such termination and remain in full force and effect.
Liabilities.
     SECTION 10. . If one or more of the Underwriters shall fail at the Closing Time to purchase the Underwritten Securities which it or they are obligated to purchase under the applicable Terms Agreement (the "Defaulted Securities"), then the Representative(s) shall have the right, within 24 hours thereafter, to make arrangements for one or more of the non-defaulting Underwriters, or any other underwriters, to purchase all, but not less than all, of the Defaulted Securities in such amounts as may be agreed upon and upon the terms herein set forth; if, however, the Representative(s) shall not have completed such arrangements within such 24-hour period, then:
Default by One or More of the Underwriters
     (a) if the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of Defaulted Securities does not exceed 10% of the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of Underwritten Securities to be purchased on such date pursuant to such Terms Agreement, the non-defaulting Underwriters shall be obligated, severally and not jointly, to purchase the full amount thereof in the proportions that their respective underwriting
 
obligations under such Terms Agreement bear to the underwriting obligations of all non-defaulting Underwriters, or
     (b) if the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of Defaulted Securities exceeds 10% of the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of Underwritten Securities to be purchased on such date pursuant to such Terms Agreement, such Terms Agreement shall terminate without liability on the part of any non-defaulting Underwriter.
     No action taken pursuant to this Section 10 shall relieve any defaulting Underwriter from liability in respect of its default.
     In the event of any such default which does not result in a termination of the applicable Terms Agreement, either the Representative(s) or the Company shall have the right to postpone the Closing Time for a period not exceeding seven days in order to effect any required changes in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or in any other documents or arrangements.
     SECTION 11. . All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if mailed or transmitted by any standard form of telecommunication. Notices to the Underwriters shall be directed to the Representatives at the address specified in the applicable Terms Agreement; notices to the Company shall be directed to it at 436 Walnut Street, Philadelphia, PA 19106, attention of General Counsel; and notices to the Guarantor shall be directed to it at Brengasse 32, Zurich, Switzerland CH-8001, attention of General Counsel and Secretary.
Notices
     SECTION 12. . This Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement shall each inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and the Guarantor and, upon execution of such Terms Agreement, any Underwriters named therein and their respective successors. Nothing expressed or mentioned in this Underwriting Agreement or such Terms Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give any person, firm or corporation, other than the Underwriters, the Company, the Guarantor and their respective successors and the controlling persons and officers and directors referred to in Sections 6 and 7 and their heirs and legal representatives, any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Underwriting Agreement or such Terms Agreement or any provision herein or therein contained. This Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement and all conditions and provisions hereof and thereof are intended to be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto and thereto and their respective successors, and said controlling persons and officers and directors and their heirs and legal representatives, and for the benefit of no other person, firm or corporation. No purchaser of Underwritten Securities from any Underwriter shall be deemed to be a successor by reason merely of such purchase.
Parties
     SECTION 13. . Each of the parties hereto hereby expressly and irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any competent court in the place of its domicile and any United States Federal or New York State court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York in any action, suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement or the
Consent to Jurisdiction; Miscellaneous
 
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby to the extent that such court has subject matter jurisdiction over the controversy, and expressly and irrevocably waives, to the extent permitted under applicable law, any immunity from the jurisdiction thereof and any claim or defense in such action, suit or proceeding based on a claim of improper venue, or any similar basis to which it might otherwise be entitled in any such action, suit or proceeding. Each of the Company and the Guarantor irrevocably appoints ACE USA, Inc., 1133 Avenue of the Americas, 32 Floor, New York, New York 10036, as its authorized agent in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York upon which process may be served in any such action, suit or proceeding, and agrees that service of process upon such agent, and written notice of said service to the Company or the Guarantor by the person serving the same to the address provided in Section 11, shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon the Company or the Guarantor, as the case may be, in any such action, suit or proceeding. Each of the Company and the Guarantor further agrees to take any and all action as may be necessary to maintain such designation and appointment of such agent in full force and effect for a period of seven years from the date of this Underwriting Agreement.
forum
non
conveniens
nd
     SECTION 14. . To the extent that the Company or the Guarantor or any of their respective properties, assets or revenues may have or may hereafter become entitled to, or have attributed to them, any right of immunity, on the grounds of sovereignty, from any legal action, suit or proceeding, from set-off or counterclaim, from the jurisdiction of any court, from service of process, from attachment upon or prior to judgment, or from attachment in aid of execution of judgment, or from execution of judgment, other legal process or proceeding for the giving of any relief or for the enforcement of any judgment, in any jurisdiction in which proceedings may at any time be commenced, with respect to their obligations, liabilities or any other matter under or arising out of or in connection with this Underwriting Agreement or any additional agreement, each of the Company and the Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally, to the extent permitted by applicable law, waives and agrees not to plead or claim any such immunity and consents to such relief and enforcement.
Waiver of Immunities
     SECTION 15. . The Company and the Guarantor jointly and severally agree to indemnify each Underwriter against any loss incurred by such Underwriter as a result of any judgment or order being given or made for any amount due hereunder and such judgment or order being expressed and paid in a currency (the "Judgment Currency") other than United States dollars and as a result of any variation as between (i) the rate of exchange at which the United States dollar amount is converted into the Judgment Currency for the purpose of such judgment or order, and (ii) the rate of exchange at which such Underwriter is able to purchase United States dollars with the amount of the Judgment Currency actually received by such Underwriter. The foregoing indemnity shall constitute a separate and independent obligation of each of the Company and the Guarantor and shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any such judgment or order as aforesaid. The term "rate of exchange" shall include any premiums and costs of exchange payable in connection with the purchase of, or conversion into, the relevant currency.
Judgment Currency
     SECTION 16. . The Company and the Guarantor acknowledge and agree that (i) the purchase and issuance of the Underwritten Securities pursuant to this Agreement is an arm's-length commercial transaction between the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the several Underwriters, on the other, (ii) in
No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility
 
connection therewith and with the process leading to such transaction each Underwriter is acting solely as a principal and not the agent or fiduciary of the Company or the Guarantor, (iii) no Underwriter has assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company or the Guarantor with respect to the offering contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether such Underwriter has advised or is currently advising the Company or the Guarantor on other matters) or any other obligation to the Company or the Guarantor except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement and (iv) the Company and the Guarantor have consulted their own legal and financial advisors to the extent they deemed appropriate. The Company and the Guarantor agree that they will not claim that the Underwriters, or any of them, has rendered advisory services of any nature or respect, or owes a fiduciary or similar duty to the Company or the Guarantor, in connection with such transaction or the process leading thereto.
     SECTION 17. . THIS UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT AND ANY APPLICABLE TERMS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. SPECIFIED TIMES OF DAY REFER TO NEW YORK CITY TIME.
GOVERNING LAW AND TIME
     SECTION 18. . The Article and Section headings herein and the Table of Contents are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.
Effect of Headings
 
 
Exhibit A
[-]
Ladies and Gentlemen:
     We understand that ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware company (the "Company"), proposes to issue and sell $     aggregate principal amount of its [senior] [subordinated] debt securities (the "Underwritten Securities"), which will be unconditionally guaranteed as to payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest by ACE Limited, a Swiss company. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth or incorporated by reference herein, the underwriter[s] named below (the "Underwriters") offer[s] to purchase [, severally and not jointly,] the principal amount of Underwritten Securities opposite [its] [their] name[s] set forth below at the purchase price set forth below.
 
     The Underwritten Securities shall have the following terms:
Title: Rank: Ratings: Aggregate principal amount: Denominations: Currency of payment: Interest rate or formula: Interest payment dates: Regular record dates: Stated maturity date: Redemption provisions: Sinking fund requirements: Conversion or exchange provisions: Guarantee Provisions: Listing requirements: Black-out provisions: Fixed or Variable Price Offering: [Fixed] [Variable] Price Offering
If Fixed Price Offering, initial public offering price:    % of the principal amount, plus accrued interest [amortized original issue discount], if any, from .
                    
                    
Purchase price: % of principal amount, plus accrued interest [amortized original issue discount], if any, from .
                    
            
                    
Form: Applicable Time: Other terms and conditions: Closing date and location:
Notices: Notice to the Underwriters shall be directed to the Representative(s) c/o:
          [
     ]
     All of the provisions contained in the document attached as Annex I hereto entitled "ACE INA HOLDINGS INC.Senior and Subordinated Debt Securities  Unconditionally Guaranteed
 
as to Payment of Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest by ACE LIMITED Underwriting Agreement" are hereby incorporated by reference in their entirety herein and shall be deemed to be a part of this Terms Agreement to the same extent as if such provisions had been set forth in full herein. Terms defined in such document are used herein as therein defined.
     This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.
     Please accept this offer no later than o'clock P.M. (New York City time) on by signing a copy of this Terms Agreement in the space set forth below and returning the signed copy to us.
                    
                    
                    
Accepted:
ACE INA HOLDINGS INC.
 
Schedule I
Final Term Sheet dated [-] (attached hereto as Schedule II)
 
Schedule II
The issuer has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents the issuer has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer and this offering. You may get these
 
documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC Web site at . Alternatively, [REPRESENTATIVE(S)] can arrange to send you the prospectus if you request it by calling or e-mailing [    ] at 1-800-[    ] or [    ]@[    ].
www.sec.gov

Exhibit 1.2
June 3, 2009
Ladies and Gentlemen:
     We understand that ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware company (the "Company"), proposes to issue and sell $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its senior debt securities (the "Underwritten Securities"), which will be unconditionally guaranteed as to payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest by ACE Limited, a Swiss company. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth or incorporated by reference herein, the underwriters named below (the "Underwriters") offer to purchase, severally and not jointly, the principal amount of Underwritten Securities opposite their names set forth below at the purchase price set forth below.
 
     The Underwritten Securities shall have the following terms:
 
Notices: Notice to the Underwriters shall be directed to the Representative(s) c/o:
Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated 1585 Broadway, 29th Floor New York, NY 10036 Attention: Investment Banking Division Phone: (212) 761-6691 Fascimile: (212) 507-8999
Barclays Capital Inc. 745 Seventh Avenue New York, NY 10019 Attention: Syndicate Registration Facsimile: (636) 834-8133
RBS Securities Inc. 600 Washington Boulevard Stamford, CT 06901 Facsimile: (203) 873-4534 Attention: Debt Capital Markets Syndicate
     All of the provisions contained in the document attached as Annex I hereto entitled "ACE INA HOLDINGS INC.Senior and Subordinated Debt Securities  Unconditionally Guaranteed as to Payment of Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest by ACE LIMITED Underwriting Agreement" (the "Underwriting Agreement") are hereby incorporated by reference in their entirety herein and shall be deemed to be a part of this Terms Agreement to the same extent as if such provisions had been set forth in full herein. Terms defined in such document are used herein as therein defined.
     This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.
     Please accept this offer no later than 2 o'clock P.M. (New York City time) on June 3, 2009 by signing a copy of this Terms Agreement in the space set forth below and returning the signed copy to us.
 
 
Schedule I
Final Term Sheet dated June 3, 2009 (attached hereto as Schedule II)
 
Schedule II
 
Note: A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time.
The issuer and the guarantor have filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents the issuer and the guarantor have filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer, the guarantor and this offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC Web site at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, the issuer, any underwriter or any dealer participating in the offering will arrange to send you the prospectus if you request it by calling Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated toll free at 1-866-718-1649, Barclays Capital Inc. toll-free at 1-888-227-2275, ext. 2663 or RBS Securities Inc. toll-free at 1-866-884-2071.
 
Any disclaimers or other notices that may appear below are not applicable to this communication and should be disregarded. Such disclaimers or other notices were automatically generated as a result of this communication being sent via Bloomberg or another email system.
 
Annex I

Exhibit 4.1
THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITORY (AS DEFINED IN THE INDENTURE) OR A NOMINEE THEREOF. THIS GLOBAL SECURITY IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR SECURITIES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITORY OR ITS NOMINEE ONLY IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE AND, UNLESS AND UNTIL IT IS EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR SECURITIES IN DEFINITIVE FORM, THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITORY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY, OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY TO THE DEPOSITORY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY, OR BY THE DEPOSITORY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITORY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR DEPOSITORY.
UNLESS THIS SECURITY IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION ("DTC"), TO THE COMPANY (AS DEFINED BELOW) OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY SECURITY ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC) ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.
     ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter called the "Company", which term includes any successor corporation under the Indenture referred to below), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns, the principal sum of Five Hundred Million Dollars ($500,000,000) on June 15, 2019 and to pay interest thereon from June 8, 2009 or from the most recent interest payment date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, payable semi-annually on June 15 and December 15 in each year (each, an "Interest Payment Date"), commencing December 15, 2009, at the rate of 5.90% per annum, until the principal hereof (and any Additional Amounts (as defined below)) is paid or duly made available for payment. Interest on this Note shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. If any Interest Payment Date or the maturity date falls on a day that is
 
not a Business Day, the required payment shall be made on the next Business Day as if it were made on the date such payment was due and no interest shall accrue on the amount so payable for the period from and after such Interest Payment Date or the maturity date, as the case may be, to such next Business Day. The interest so payable and punctually paid or duly provided for on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in such Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Note (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the regular record date for such interest, which shall be June 1 or December 1 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, next preceding such Interest Payment Date. Any such interest which is payable, but is not punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date shall forthwith cease to be payable to the registered Holder hereof on the relevant regular record date by virtue of having been such Holder, and may be paid to the Person in whose name this Note (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on a subsequent special record date (which shall be at least 10 days before the payment date) for the payment of such defaulted interest to be fixed by the Company, notice whereof shall be given to the Holders of Notes of this series not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date, or may be paid at any time in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which the Notes may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided in such Indenture. Any interest paid on this Note shall be increased to the extent necessary to pay Additional Amounts as set forth in this Note.
     Payment of the principal of, interest on or any Redemption Price or Additional Amounts in respect of this Note will be made at the office or agency of the Company and the Guarantor (as defined below) maintained for that purpose in The Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts; provided, however, that, at the option of the Company or the Guarantor, interest may be paid by check mailed to the address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Security Register; provided, further, that payment to DTC or any successor Depository may be made by wire transfer to the account designated by DTC or such successor depository in writing.
     This Note is one of a duly authorized issuance of securities of the Company (herein called the "Notes"), fully and unconditionally guaranteed as to payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest by ACE Limited, a Swiss corporation () (the "Guarantor"), issued and to be issued in one or more series under an Indenture, dated as of August 1, 1999 (herein called, together with all indentures supplemental thereto, the "Indenture"), among the Company, the Guarantor and The Bank of New York Mellon (formerly known as The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., as successor to J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association and The First National Bank of Chicago), as Trustee (herein called the "Trustee", which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), to which the Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto referenced is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Guarantor, the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes, and of the terms upon which the Notes are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. This Note is one of the series designated on the face hereof, initially limited (subject to exceptions provided in the Indenture) to the aggregate principal amount specified in the Officer's Certificate, dated as of June 8, 2009, establishing the terms of the Notes pursuant to the Indenture.
Aktiengesellschaft
 
     The Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company. The Company's obligation to pay the principal of, interest on or any Additional Amounts in respect of the Notes is unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Guarantor pursuant to Article 16 of the Indenture.
     If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes shall occur and be continuing, the principal of the Notes may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture.
     The Indenture contains provisions permitting, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Company or the Guarantor and the rights of the Holders of the Securities of each series issued under the Indenture at any time by the Company, the Guarantor and the Trustee with the written consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Securities at the time Outstanding of each series affected thereby. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified percentages in aggregate principal amount of the Securities of any series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Company or the Guarantor with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Note shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Notes issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note.
     This Note is not subject to any sinking fund.
     No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of, interest on or any Redemption Price or any Additional Amounts in respect of this Note, at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein and in the Indenture prescribed.
     As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations set forth therein and in this Note, the transfer of this Note may be registered on the Security Register upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Company and the Guarantor maintained for that purpose in any place where the principal of, interest on or any Additional Amounts in respect of this Note are payable, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly executed by, the Holder hereof or by his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Notes of this series and of like tenor, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees.
     The Notes are issuable only in registered form without coupons in the denominations specified in the Officer's Certificate, dated as of June 8, 2009, establishing the terms of the Notes, all as more fully provided in the Indenture and such Officer's Certificate. As provided in the Indenture and in such Officer's Certificate, and subject to certain limitations set forth in the Indenture, such Officer's Certificate and in this Note, the Notes are exchangeable for a like
 
aggregate principal amount of Notes of this series in different authorized denominations, as requested by the Holders surrendering the same.
     No service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith, other than in certain cases provided in the Indenture.
     Prior to due presentment of this Note for registration of transfer, the Company, the Guarantor, the Trustee and any agent of the Company, the Guarantor or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Note is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Note be overdue, and neither the Company, the Guarantor, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.
     The Notes are redeemable as a whole or in part, at the Company's option at any time, at a Redemption Price equal to the greater of (i) 100 percent of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed or (ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon (excluding interest accrued to the Redemption Date) and discounted to Redemption Date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the applicable Treasury Rate plus 40 basis points, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount being redeemed to the Redemption Date.
     "Treasury Rate" means, with respect to any Redemption Date, (1) the yield, under the heading which represents the average for the immediately preceding week, appearing in the most recently published statistical release designated "H.15(519)" or any successor publication which is published weekly by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and which establishes yields on actively traded United States Treasury securities adjusted to constant maturity under the caption "Treasury Constant Maturities," for the maturity corresponding to the Comparable Treasury Issue (if no maturity is within three months before or after the Remaining Life, yields for the two published maturities most closely corresponding to the Comparable Treasury Issue will be determined and the Treasury Rate will be interpolated or extrapolated from such yields on a straight line basis, rounding to the nearest month) or (2) if such release (or any successor release) is not published during the week preceding the calculation date or does not contain such yields, the rate per year equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield-to-maturity of the Comparable Treasury Issue, calculated using a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Treasury Price for such Redemption Date. The Treasury Rate will be calculated on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date.
     "Business Day" means any calendar day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday in New York, New York, and on which commercial banks are open for business in New York, New York.
     "Comparable Treasury Issue" means the United States Treasury security selected by an Independent Investment Banker as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the notes to be redeemed.
 
     "Comparable Treasury Price" means (1) the average of four Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such Redemption Date, after excluding the highest and lowest Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (2) if the Independent Investment Banker obtains fewer than four such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all such quotations.
     "Independent Investment Banker" means Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated and its successors or, if such firm is unwilling or unable to select the Comparable Treasury Issue, an independent investment banking institution of national standing appointed by Company.
     "Reference Treasury Dealer" means each of (1) Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, Barclays Capital Inc. and RBS Securities Inc. and their respective successors; provided, however, that if any of the foregoing shall cease to be a primary U.S. Government securities dealer in New York City, which we refer to as a "Primary Treasury Dealer," the Company will substitute another Primary Treasury Dealer and (2) any other Primary Treasury Dealers selected by the Independent Investment Banker after consultation with the Company.
     "Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer and Redemption Date, the average, as determined by the Independent Investment Banker, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Independent Investment Banker at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the third Business Day preceding such Redemption Date.
     All payments on this Note will be made without withholding of any present or future taxes or governmental charges of the jurisdiction of the Company's organization or principal executive offices (each, a "Taxing Jurisdiction"), unless the Company is required to do so by applicable law or regulation.
     If the Company is required to withhold amounts, it will, subject to the limitations described below, pay to the Holder of this Note additional amounts so that every net payment made to the Holder of this Note, after the withholding, will be the same amount provided for in this Note and the Indenture ("Additional Amounts").
     The Company will not be required to pay any Additional Amounts for (1) any tax or governmental charge which would not have been imposed but for the fact that the Holder of this Note: (a) was a resident of, or engaged in business or maintained a permanent establishment or was physically present in, the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction or otherwise had some connection with the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction other than the mere ownership of, or receipt of payment on, this Note, (b) presented this Note for payment in the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction, unless this Note could not have been presented for payment elsewhere, or (c) presented this Note for payment more than 30 days after the date on which the payment became due unless the Holder of this Note would have been entitled to these Additional Amounts if the Holder of this Note had presented this Note for payment within the 30-day period; (2) any estate, inheritance, gift, sale, transfer, personal property or similar tax or other governmental charge; (3) any tax or other governmental charge that is imposed or withheld because of failure by the Holder of this Note to comply with any reasonable request by the Company: (a) to provide information concerning the nationality, residence or identity of the Holder of this Note or that of the beneficial owner of this Note; or (b) to make any claim or satisfy any information or reporting requirement, which in
 
either case is required by the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction as a precondition to exemption from all or part of the tax or other governmental charge; or (4) any combination of items (1), (2) or (3) above.
     The Company will not pay Additional Amounts if the Holder of this Note is a fiduciary or partnership or other than the sole beneficial owner of this Note if the beneficiary or partner or settlor would not have been entitled to the Additional Amounts had it been the holder of this Note.
     The Company will be entitled to redeem this Note, at its option, at any time as a whole but not in part, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice, at 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest (if any) to the Redemption Date (subject to the right of holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant Interest Payment Date), in the event that the Company or the Guarantor has become or would become obligated to pay, on the next date on which any amount would be payable with respect to this Note, any Additional Amounts as a result of: (1) a change in or an amendment to the laws (including any regulations promulgated thereunder) of a Taxing Jurisdiction, which change or amendment is announced after June 3, 2009; or (2) any change in or amendment to any official position regarding the application or interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment is announced after June 3, 2009, and, in each case, the Company or the Guarantor, as applicable, cannot avoid such obligation by taking reasonable measures available to it.
     The Indenture contains provisions whereby (i) the Company and the Guarantor may be discharged from their obligations with respect to the Notes (subject to certain exceptions) or (ii) the Company and the Guarantor may be released from their obligations under specified covenants and agreements in the Indenture, in each case if the Company or the Guarantor irrevocably deposits with the Trustee money or Government Obligations, or a combination thereof, in an amount sufficient, without consideration of any reinvestment, to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness on all Notes of this series, and satisfies certain other conditions, all as more fully provided in the Indenture.
     This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements and instruments made and to be performed wholly within such State.
     All terms used in this Note without definition that are defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.
 
     Unless the Certificate of Authentication hereon has been executed by or on behalf of the Trustee under the Indenture by the manual signature of one of its authorized officers, this Note shall not be entitled to any benefits under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed under its corporate seal.
     This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.
Dated:
 
The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription on the face of this instrument, shall be construed as though they were written out in full according to applicable laws or regulations:
Additional abbreviations may also be used though not in the above list.
 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned registered holder hereby sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) unto
 
[PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE]
 
 
 
[PLEASE PRINT OR TYPEWRITE NAME AND ADDRESS OF ASSIGNEE]
the within Note and all rights thereunder, hereby irrevocably constituting and appointing to transfer said Note on the books of the Company with full power of substitution in the premises.
 
Dated:
                     
                     
                     
                    
Signature:
                     
                     
                     
                     
                    
Signature Guaranty:
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
     Signatures must be guaranteed by an "eligible guarantor institution" meeting the requirements of the Trustee, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program ("STAMP") or such other "signature guarantee program" as may be determined by the Trustee in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Exhibit 5.1
ACE Limited Brengasse 32 CH-8001 Switzerland
ACE INA Holdings Inc. Two Liberty Place 1601 Chestnut Street Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19192
June 8, 2009
ACE Limited / ACE INA Holdings Inc.  Registration Statement on Form S-3
Ladies and Gentlemen:
We have been asked to render this opinion in our capacity as Swiss counsel to ACE Limited, a corporation organized under the laws of Switzerland (the "") in connection (i) with the preparation and filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, of a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-156143) (the "") relating to, among other things ACE INA Holdings, Inc.'s ("") offer and sale of $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.90% Senior Notes due 2019 (the "") debt securities, which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed (the "") by the Company.
Company
Registration Statement
ACE INA
Notes
Guarantee
I.
Documents Reviewed
For the purpose of this opinion we have only reviewed and relied on copies of the following documents:
 
II.
Scope and Assumptions
This opinion is confined to and given on the basis of the laws of Switzerland in force at the date hereof as currently applied by Swiss courts. In the absence of explicit statutory law or established case law, we base our opinion solely on our independent professional judgement. This opinion is also confined to the matters stated herein and is not to be read as extending,
We express no opinion on the laws of any other jurisdiction. The opinions given in this opinion are strictly limited to the matters stated in section III. and do not extend, by implication or otherwise, to any agreement or document referred to in the Registration Statement or any other matter.
The opinions given herein are made on the basis of the following assumptions:
2
 
III.
Opinions
Based upon the foregoing, in reliance thereon, and subject to the limitations and assumptions referred to above (II) and the qualifications set out below (IV.), we are of the following opinion:
IV.
Qualifications
This opinion is subject to the following qualifications:
3
 
This legal opinion is rendered solely to the person to whom it is addressed and for the purpose of the transaction herein referred to. It may not be used, circulated, quoted, referred to or relied upon by any person other than the persons to whom it is addressed nor for any other purpose without our written consent in each instance. We hereby consent to the filing of this legal opinion as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. In giving this consent, we do not hereby admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder. Further, we consent to the use of this opinion by Mayer Brown LLP, U.S. counsel of the Company, for the purpose of their opinion in connection with the filing of the Registration Statement. This legal opinion is strictly limited to the matters stated in it and does not apply by implication to other matters.
Yours sincerely,
Niederer Kraft & Frey AG
Philipp Haas
4

Exhibit 5.2
Mayer Brown LLP 71 South Wacker Drive Chicago, Illinois 60606-4637
Main Tel (312) 782-0600 Main Fax (312) 701-7711 www.mayerbrown.com
June 8, 2009
ACE Limited Brengasse 32 Zurich, Switzerland CH-8001
ACE INA Holdings Inc. Two Liberty Place 1601 Chestnut Street Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19192
Dear Ladies and Gentlemen:
     We have represented ACE Limited ("ACE"), a Swiss company limited by shares (), and ACE INA Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("ACE INA") in connection (i) with the preparation and filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, of a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-156143) (the "Registration Statement") relating to, among other things ACE INA's debt securities, which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed (the "Guarantee") by ACE and (ii) the offer and sale of $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of ACE INA's 5.90% Senior Notes due 2019 (the "Notes").
Aktiengesellschaft
     In rendering the opinions expressed herein, we have examined (i) the Indenture, dated as of August 1, 1999 (the "Indenture"), among ACE, ACE INA and The Bank of New York Mellon (formerly known as The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as successor to J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association and The First National Bank of Chicago), as trustee (the "Trustee"); (ii) the Notes and (iii) the Guarantee.
     In addition, we have examined such other documents, certificates and opinions, and have made such further investigation as we have deemed necessary or appropriate for the purposes of the opinions expressed below. In expressing the opinions set forth below, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the conformity to the originals of all documents reviewed by us as copies, the authenticity and completeness of all original documents reviewed by us in original or copy form and the legal competence of each individual executing any document. As to all parties other than ACE INA, we have assumed the due authorization, execution and delivery of all documents, and, with respect to all parties other than ACE INA and ACE, we have assumed the validity and enforceability of all documents against all parties thereto, other than the ACE INA and ACE, in accordance with their respective terms.
     As to questions of fact material to our opinions (but not as to legal conclusions), we have, to the extent we deemed such reliance appropriate, relied upon certificates and other statements of officers of ACE INA and ACE and of public officials issued with respect to ACE INA and ACE.
 
Mayer Brown LLP June 8, 2009 Page 2
     Based upon and subject to the foregoing, and having regard for legal considerations which we deem relevant, we are of the opinion that:
     (i) ACE INA is duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware;
     (ii) the Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by ACE INA and (assuming the Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by ACE and the Trustee), the Indenture constitutes a valid and binding agreement of ACE INA and ACE, enforceable against ACE INA and ACE in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law);
     (iii) the Notes have been duly authorized and executed by ACE INA and, assuming the due authentication thereof in the manner provided for in the Indenture and delivery against payment of the consideration therefor, constitute valid and binding obligations of ACE INA, enforceable against ACE INA in accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law); and
     (iv) assuming the Guarantee has been duly authorized by ACE under Swiss law, the Guarantee constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of ACE enforceable against ACE in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law);
     We are admitted to practice in the States of Illinois and New York and our opinions expressed herein are limited solely to the Federal laws of the United States of America, the laws of the States of Illinois and New York and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, including the applicable provisions of the Delaware constitution and reported judicial decisions interpreting these laws, and we express no opinion herein concerning the laws of any other jurisdiction.
     The opinions and statements expressed herein are as of the date hereof. We assume no obligation to update or supplement this opinion letter to reflect any facts or circumstances that may hereafter come to our attention or any changes in applicable law which may hereafter occur.
     We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference of this opinion as an exhibit to the Registration Statement and to all references to this firm in such Registration Statement. In giving this consent, we do not thereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Very truly yours,
     ESB:


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20090609161529.txt.gz
TIME:20090609161529
EVENTS:	Regulation FD Disclosure
TEXT:
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concurrent with this filing, ACE Limited is posting a slide presentation entitled "ACE Political Risk and Trade Credit" on its web site, accompanied by an audio presentation by Price Lowenstein, President and Chief Executive Officer at Sovereign Risk Insurance Limited and Julian Edwards, the head of Political Risk and Credit, ACE Global Markets. The presentation was created specifically for such posting and was not previously made to an audience. The presentation can be accessed for at least 60 days at http:/www.acelimited.com/AceLimitedRoot/Investor+Information.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: June 9, 2009


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20090618091402.txt.gz
TIME:20090618091402
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On June 16, 2009, ACE Limited ("") entered into a five-year, unsecured letter of credit facility (the "") with Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, which permits the issuance of up to $500 million of letters of credit ("") by ACE Limited. The LOCs will be used for general corporate purposes of ACE and its subsidiaries. LOCs may be issued to support the obligations of any wholly-owned subsidiary of ACE.
ACE
LOC Agreement
LOCs
This new credit facility supplements ACE's existing letter of credit and revolving credit facilities. ACE believes that this increase to its aggregate available credit capacity will facilitate collateral management through periods of financial market volatility and increased catastrophe severity that might occur in the near term.
The covenants in the LOC Agreement are substantially similar to the covenants in other ACE group credit facilities. The covenants include limitations on liens, substantial asset sales and mergers (subject to customary exceptions and thresholds). The LOC Agreement also contains financial covenants that require:
(i) maintenance of a minimum consolidated net worth of not less than $9.570 billion (subject to an annual reset provision) plus 25 percent of cumulative net income from December 31, 2006, plus 50 percent of the net proceeds of any issuance of equity interests subsequent to December 31, 2006; and
(ii) maintenance of a ratio of total debt (excluding trust preferred securities and mezzanine capital to the extent not exceeding 15 percent of total capitalization) to total capitalization of not greater than 0.35 to 1.
In addition, the LOC Agreement has customary events of default, including (subject to certain materiality thresholds and grace periods) payment default, failure to comply with covenants, material inaccuracy of representation or warranty, bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, change of control and cross-default to other debt and credit agreements.
ACE pays an annual facility fee on the entire amount available under the LOC Agreement (regardless of usage). If ACE elects to terminate any portion of the availability under the LOC Agreement prior to the scheduled maturity date, then ACE will be obligated to pay an unwind fee. In addition to the foregoing fees, ACE paid a customary structuring fee and will pay the customary administrative charges of the issuer of any letter of credit issued under the LOC Agreement.
:
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
Forward-looking statements made in this Current Report on Form 8-K, such as statements regarding collateral management, reflect the company's current views with respect to future events and performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the company's forward-looking statements about its collateral management could be affected by unanticipated market events or catastrophic occurrences. The company's performance is also subject to factors identified in the company's other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
See Item 1.01 above which is incorporated herein by reference.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: June 17, 2009


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20090727160913.txt.gz
TIME:20090727160913
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On July 27, 2009, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its second quarter 2009 results and the availability of its second quarter financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: July 27, 2009
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported net income for the quarter ended June 30, 2009, of $1.58 per share, compared with $2.18 per share for the same quarter last year.
ZURICH, Switzerland, July 27, 2009
(1)
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) was $2.09 per share, compared with $2.16 per share.
(
2
)
Adjusted for foreign exchange, income excluding net realized gains (losses) was $2.09 per share, compared with $2.08 per share.
(
2
)
Net realized and unrealized gains after tax were $1 billion. Book value increased $1.8 billion, up 12% from March 31, 2009. Annualized return on average equity was 18%.
(
3
)
The property and casualty (P&C) combined ratio was 87.7%.
 
Net income for the six months ended June 30, 2009, was $3.27 per share, compared with $3.29 per share for 2008. For the six months ended June 30, 2009, income excluding net realized gains (losses) was $4.08 per share, compared with $4.31 per share for 2008. The P&C combined ratio for the six months ended June 30, 2009, was 87.6%. Book value increased $2.1 billion, up 14% during the six months ended June 30, 2009.
 
Evan G. Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, stated: "ACE had a very good second quarter and an excellent first half. Book value increased $1.8 billion or 12% in the quarter, benefiting from improved financial market conditions and strong earnings. Book value is now up 14% year to date, recovering completely from losses suffered during the financial market stress in the second half of last year. In the quarter we produced after-tax operating income of $706 million, our return on equity was 18% and our P&C combined ratio was 87.7%.
"Recession, a strong U.S. dollar and a competitive pricing environment impacted premium growth. For our portfolio of business, rates continued to firm and a number of our divisions benefited such as our ACE Tempest Re reinsurance franchise, where net premiums grew over 20% in the quarter. Moreover, many of our retail P&C insurance lines around the world experienced good growth as a result of continued customer flight to safety.
"We remain cautious given current economic and financial market conditions, but we are aggressively focused on execution, and we continue to make investments to expand our capabilities for the future. We are well positioned to build market share as insurance markets improve and economic growth slowly recovers."
Other operating highlights for the quarter ended June 30, 2009, were as follows
(
1
)
:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Details of our financial results for our business segments are available in the ACE Limited Financial Supplement. Key segment items for the quarter ended June 30, 2009, include:
 
 
 
 
Please refer to the ACE Limited Financial Supplement dated June 30, 2009, which is posted on the company's website in the Investor Information section, and access Financial Reports for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, investment portfolio and capital structure. The URL reference is: .
http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/irol/10/100907/fin_supp_june 30 2009.xls
ACE will host its second quarter earnings conference call and webcast on Monday, July 27
th
, 2009, beginning at 5:30 p.m. ET. The earnings conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 877-741-4241 (within the United States) or 719-325-4829 (international); passcode 5124103. Please refer to the ACE Limited website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available for approximately one month. To listen to the replay, dial: 888-203-1112 (in the United States) or 719-457-0820 (international); passcode 5124103.
www.acelimited.com
The ACE Group is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, the ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acelimited.com
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NM  not meaningful comparison
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:
Forward-looking statements made in this press release, such as those related to underwriting, rates, client behavior, economic and insurance market conditions, and company performance reflect the company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the company's forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, integration activities and performance of acquired companies, the company's re-domestication to Switzerland, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments and actual settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
Life
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Variable Annuity (VA) Lines
Historical Cash Flow Summary by Quarter
 
Death Benefits (GMDB)
 
 
Amounts represent accrued past premium received and claims paid by quarter, split by benefit type.
 
Death Benefits (GMDB)
 
Premiums and claims from VA contracts reinsuring Guaranteed Minimum Death Benefits (GMDB).
 
Using our current mortality assumptions we expect approximately $166 million of claims and $93 million of premium on death benefits over the next 12 months.
 
Living Benefits (Includes GMIB and GMAB)
 
Premiums and claims from VA contracts reinsuring Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefits (GMIB) and Guaranteed Minimum Accumulation Benefits (GMAB), collectively known as Living Benefits.
 
Using our current assumptions we expect approximately $3 million of claims and $150 million of premium on living benefits over the next 12 months.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
 
Consolidated Reinsurance Recoverable
 
 
At March 31, 2009, $10.6 billion of ACE Limited recoverables were from rated reinsurers, of which 94.1% were rated the equivalent of A- or better by internationally recognized rating agencies.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Detail on Reinsurance Recoverable on Paid Losses and Loss Expenses
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage-backed and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Market Value at June 30, 2009
 
 
Insured asset-backed securities represent $72 million, or 13% of our asset-backed security holdings.
 
 
Mortgage-backed and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Market Value at June 30, 2009
 
total $11.1 billion, are rated predominantly AAA and comprise 27% of the fixed income portfolio. This compares to a 45% mortgage-backed weighting in representative indices of the U.S. fixed income market. The minimum rating for initial purchases of mortgage and asset backed securities is AAA.
Mortgage-backed securities
 
ACE suspended new investments in sub-prime backed securities in 3Q 2007 and ALT-A, credit card, and auto backed securities in 1Q 2008 and suspended new investments in CMBS in Q1 2009.
 
with implied or explicit government guarantees total $7.4 billion and represent 83% of the residential mortgage-backed portfolio.
Securities issued by Federal agencies
 
are rated investment grade, backed by prime collateral, and broadly diversified in over 280,000 loans. The portfolio's loan-to-value ratio is approximately 69% with an average FICO score of 733. With this conservative loan-to-value ratio and subordinated collateral of 12%, the cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate would have to rise to 18% and real estate values would have to fall 31% from their current levels before principal is impaired. The comparable historical cumulative foreclosure rate is 6% for prime mortgages.
Non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities
 
Within the portfolio of prime non-agency RMBS are $146 million of holdings classified as ALT-A. These ALT-A holdings are broadly diversified with over 70% issued prior to 2006. The average FICO score is 715 with a relatively conservative loan-to-value ratio of 69%. With subordinated collateral of 19%, the cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate would have to rise to 29% and real estate values would have to fall more than 31% from their current levels before principal is impaired. The comparable historical cumulative foreclosure rate is approximately 10%.
 
of $2.2 billion are rated predominantly AAA, broadly diversified with over 25,500 loans and seasoned with 71% of the portfolio issued before 2006. The average loan-to-value ratio is approximately 63% with a debt service coverage ratio in excess of 1.7 and weighted average subordinated collateral of 27%. The cumulative foreclosure rate would have to rise to 62% and commercial real estate values would have to fall more than 64% from their current levels before principal is impaired. The historical annual delinquency rate is 2%.
Commercial mortgage-backed securities
 
(current holdings of $55 million) are rated predominantly investment grade, broadly diversified in over 100,000 loans with an average loan-to-value ratio of approximately 81% and an average FICO score of 604. With subordinated collateral of 30%, the cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate would have to rise to 45% and real estate values would have to fall more than 19% from their current levels before principal is impaired. The comparable historical cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate is 32%.
Sub-prime asset-backed securities
 
are rated predominantly AAA with a short duration of approximately 0.6 years and average subordinated collateral of 17%. Annual default rates would have to rise to 15 times their current level of about 2.4% before principal is impaired.
Auto loan asset-backed securities
 
 
Mortgage-backed and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Amortized Cost at June 30, 2009
 
 
Insured asset-backed securities represent $88 million, or 15% of our asset-backed security holdings.
 
 
Market Value at June 30, 2009
 
 
U.S. Investment Grade Corporate Fixed Income Portfolio
 
The average credit quality of ACE's US investment grade bond portfolio is very high at AA. 64% of investment grade securities holdings are rated AAA or guaranteed by governments or quasi-government agencies.
 
ACE prohibits investments in complex structured securities (e.g. CDOs, CLOs) and over-the-counter derivatives and does not permit the use of portfolio leverage.
 
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
 
 
Market Value at June 30, 2009
 
 
Below Investment Grade Corporate Fixed income Portfolio
 
ACE manages high yield bonds as a distinct and separate asset class from investment grade bonds. ACE's allocation to high yield bonds is explicitly set by internal management and is targeted to securities in the upper tier of credit quality (BB/B). Our minimum rating for initial purchase is BB/B.
 
Four external investment managers are responsible for high yield security selection and portfolio construction.
 
ACE's high yield managers have a conservative approach to credit selection and very low historical default experience.
 
Securities holdings are highly diversified across industries and are subject to a 1.5% issuer limit as a percentage of high yield allocation (or 0.1% of total portfolio). The portfolio is comprised of over 500 issuers with our largest current issuer exposure at $65 million. ACE monitors position limits on a daily basis through an internal compliance system.
 
Derivative and structured securities (e.g. credit default swaps, CLOs) are not permitted in high yield portfolios.
 
 
Market Value at June 30, 2009
 
 
Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio
 
ACE's non-U.S. investment grade fixed income portfolios are currency-matched with the insurance liabilities of ACE's non-U.S. operations. 89% of ACE's non-U.S. fixed income is denominated in G7 currencies.
 
Average credit quality of non-U.S. fixed income securities is very high at AA and 56% of holdings are rated AAA or guaranteed by governments or quasi-government agencies.
 
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
 
 
Investment portfolio
Top 25 Exposures - Fixed Maturity Investments
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
 
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations. However, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). A reconciliation of book value per share is provided on page 31.
 
In presenting our segment operating results, we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, policy benefits, policy acquisition costs, and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense, and net realized gains (losses).
 
The following non-GAAP measure is a common performance measurement and is defined as income excluding net realized gains (losses) and the related tax expense (benefit). We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in other income (expense) related to partially owned insurance companies because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with GAAP.
 
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Common Share
 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 
 
 
 
 
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) less perpetual preferred securities divided by average common shareholders' equity for the period. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
Common shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per common share:
 
Combined Insurance Company of America, acquired April 1, 2008.
Combined Insurance:
 
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio excluding life business. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
 
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income excluding net realized gains (losses).
Effective tax rate:
 
Unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity.
FAS 115:
 
A group of seven industrialized nations including Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, United Kingdom, and the United States.
G7:
 
Net premium earned and net investment income less policy benefits, acquisition costs, and administrative expenses.
Life underwriting income:
 
Not meaningful.
NM:
 
Shareholders' equity less perpetual preferred shares.
Common shareholders' equity:
 
Common shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per common share:
 
Shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets.
Tangible equity:
 
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, perpetual preferred shares, and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20090728170438.txt.gz
TIME:20090728170438
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At the company's 2009 annual general meeting, the company's shareholders approved a dividend in the form of a par value reduction payable in four quarterly installments. The dividend approval provides for an annual par value reduction of 1.36 Swiss francs (CHF), which was equal to US$1.24 per share, or $0.31 per quarter, at the time of the annual general meeting. The actual CHF amount for each installment, however, will be adjusted up or down to equal $0.31 near the time of payment, subject to an aggregate cap for the four installments of CHF 2.04, as further described in the company's proxy statement/prospectus dated April 7, 2009.
For the first of such installments, in accordance with the shareholder approval, the par value reduction amount was fixed at CHF 0.33 based on the published USD/CHF exchange rate on July 23, 2009. To accomplish such installment, the company adjusted its Articles of Association on July 24, 2009 to reflect the number of shares issued out of conditional share capital since March 28, 2009, and on July 28, 2009 to confirm the par value reduction of CHF 0.33. The company's amended and restated Articles of Association became effective upon their filing with the commercial register of the Canton of Zurich, Switzerland on July 28, 2009 and as a result, the company's par value is now CHF 32.51 per share.
Accordingly, the dividend will be paid to the company's shareholders of record at the close of business on August 10, 2009, as anticipated. A copy of the amended and restated Articles of Association is attached hereto as Exhibit 3 and incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: July 28, 2009

EXHIBIT 3
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20090817171046.txt.gz
TIME:20090817171046
EVENTS:	Regulation FD Disclosure
TEXT:
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure
Concurrent with this filing, ACE Limited is posting a slide presentation entitled "ACE Financial Review Second Quarter 2009" on its web site, accompanied by an audio presentation by Philip Bancroft, the company's chief financial officer. The presentation was created specifically for such posting and was not previously made to an audience. The presentation can be accessed for at least 60 days at .
http://www.acelimited.com/AceLimitedRoot/Investor+Information
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: August 17, 2009


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20091001172708.txt.gz
TIME:20091001172708
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At the company's 2009 annual general meeting, the company's shareholders approved a dividend in the form of a par value reduction payable in four quarterly installments. The dividend approval provides for an annual par value reduction of 1.36 Swiss francs (CHF), which was equal to US$1.24 per share, or $0.31 per quarter, at the time of the annual general meeting. The actual CHF amount for each installment, however, will be adjusted up or down to equal $0.31 near the time of payment, subject to an aggregate cap for the four installments of CHF 2.04, as further described in the company's proxy statement/prospectus dated April 7, 2009.
For the second of such installments, in accordance with the shareholder approval, the par value reduction amount was fixed at CHF 0.31 based on the published USD/CHF exchange rate on September 28, 2009 (1.0293). To accomplish such installment, the company adjusted its Articles of Association on September 29, 2009 to reflect the number of shares issued out of conditional share capital since July 24, 2009, and on October 1, 2009 to confirm the par value reduction of CHF 0.31. The company's amended and restated Articles of Association became effective upon their filing with the commercial register of the Canton of Zurich, Switzerland on October 1, 2009 and as a result, the company's par value is CHF 32.20 as of such date.
Accordingly, the dividend scheduled for payment on October 13, 2009 will be paid to the company's shareholders of record at the close of business on October 1, 2009, as anticipated. A copy of the amended and restated Articles of Association is attached hereto as Exhibit 3 and incorporated herein by reference.
(d) Exhibits
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: October 1, 2009

Exhibit 3
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lgalisation N 20'971.-
Le notaire Martin HABS,  Lausanne, certifie l'authenticit par comparaison avec le spcimen fourni par la socit de la signature appose ci-dessus par M. Olivier STEIMER, membre du Conseil d'administration, qui engage valablement par sa signature individuelle ACE LIMITED, socit anonyme dont le sige est  Zrich.
Lausanne, le vingt-neuf septembre deux mille neuf.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20091027170113.txt.gz
TIME:20091027170113
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On October 27, 2009, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its third quarter 2009 results and the availability of its third quarter financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: October 27, 2009
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported net income for the quarter ended September 30, 2009, of $1.46 per share, compared with $0.16 per share for the same quarter last year.
ZURICH, Switzerland, October 27, 2009
(1)
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) was $2.07 per share, compared with $1.50 per share.
(2)
Net realized and unrealized gains after tax were $1.4 billion for the quarter. Book value increased $2.2 billion during the quarter, up 13% from June 30, 2009. Book value per share now stands at $55.71. Annualized return on average equity was 15.9%.
(3)
The property and casualty (P&C) combined ratio was 88.1%.
 
Net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2009, was $4.73 per share, compared with $3.45 per share for 2008. For the nine months ended September 30, 2009, income excluding net realized gains (losses) was $6.16 per share, compared with $5.81 per share for 2008. The P&C combined ratio for the nine months ended September 30, 2009, was 87.8%. Book value increased $4.3 billion, up 30% during the nine months ended September 30, 2009.
 
Evan G. Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "ACE had an excellent third quarter with all divisions of the company performing well and contributing to results. Our book value grew 13% in the quarter, 30% for the year, and stands at an all-time high. After-tax operating income increased 39% from the same period last year, and our return on equity was 16%.
"Our P&C combined ratio was 88.1% and benefited from positive prior period reserve development and light catastrophe losses in the period. Excluding those items, our current accident year combined ratio for the quarter and the year was 93.3% and 91.4%, respectively  again, an excellent result. In addition, as a result of our underwriting discipline, while we sacrificed some growth, we achieved positive rate change in the quarter of about 2%.
"Premium revenue growth was impacted in the quarter by recessionary conditions, a strong U.S. dollar and a competitive insurance market. Growth in the period benefited, however, from customers seeking ACE's strong balance sheet as well as our broad product portfolio and global presence. By the nature of some of our businesses, growth can be volatile quarter to quarter, but more stable when viewed over a longer period of time. In fact, we expect meaningfully stronger revenue growth in the fourth quarter regardless of foreign exchange."
Other operating highlights for the quarter ended September 30, 2009, were as follows
(1)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Details of our financial results for our business segments are available in the ACE Limited Financial Supplement. Key segment items for the quarter ended September 30, 2009, include:
 
 
 
 
Please refer to the ACE Limited Financial Supplement dated September 30, 2009, which is posted on the company's website in the Investor Information section, and access Financial Reports for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, investment portfolio and capital structure. The URL reference is: .
http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/irol/10/100907/fin_supp_september 30 2009.xls
ACE will host its third quarter earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday, October 28, 2009, beginning at 8:30 a.m. ET. The earnings conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 888-359-3610 (within the United States) or 719-457-2605 (international); passcode 2934041. Please refer to the ACE Limited website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available for approximately one month. To listen to the replay, dial: 888-203-1112 (in the United States) or 719-457-0820 (international); passcode 2934041.
www.acelimited.com
The ACE Group is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited, the ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acelimited.com
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NM  not meaningful comparison
:
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
Forward-looking statements made in this press release, such as those related to revenue growth and company performance reflect the company's current views and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, matters described could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments and settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated Constant Dollar
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
Life
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Variable Annuity (VA) Lines
Historical Cash Flow Summary by Quarter
 
Death Benefits (GMDB)
 
 
Amounts represent accrued past premium received and claims paid by quarter, split by benefit type.
 
Death Benefits (GMDB)
 
Premiums and claims from VA contracts reinsuring Guaranteed Minimum Death Benefits (GMDB).
 
At current market levels we expect approximately $135 million of claims and $103 million of premium on death benefits over the next 12 months.
 
Living Benefits (Includes GMIB and GMAB)
 
Premiums and claims from VA contracts reinsuring Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefits (GMIB) and Guaranteed Minimum Accumulation Benefits (GMAB), collectively known as Living Benefits.
 
At current market levels we expect approximately $1 million of claims and $152 million of premium on living benefits over the next 12 months.
 
 
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage-backed and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Market Value at September 30, 2009
 
 
Insured asset-backed securities represent $52 million, or 12% of our asset-backed security holdings.
 
 
Mortgage-backed and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Market Value at September 30, 2009
 
total $11.2 billion, are rated predominantly AAA and comprise 26% of the fixed income portfolio. This compares to a 41% mortgage-backed weighting in representative indices of the U.S. fixed income market. The minimum rating for initial purchases of mortgage and asset backed securities is AAA.
Mortgage-backed securities
 
ACE suspended new investments in sub-prime backed securities in 3Q 2007 and ALT-A, credit card, and auto backed securities in 1Q 2008 and suspended new investments in CMBS in Q1 2009.
 
with implied or explicit government guarantees total $7.6 billion and represent 83% of the residential mortgage-backed portfolio.
Securities issued by Federal agencies
 
are backed by prime collateral, and broadly diversified in over 280,000 loans. The portfolio's loan-to-value ratio is approximately 70% with an average FICO score of 732. With this conservative loan-to-value ratio and subordinated collateral of 13%, the cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate would have to rise to 20% and real estate values would have to fall 30% from their current levels before principal is impaired. The comparable historical cumulative foreclosure rate is 8% for prime mortgages.
Non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities
 
Within the portfolio of prime non-agency RMBS are $157 million of holdings classified as ALT-A. These ALT-A holdings are broadly diversified with over 60% issued prior to 2006. The average FICO score is 714 with a relatively conservative loan-to-value ratio of 72%. With subordinated collateral of 21%, the cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate would have to rise to 32% and real estate values would have to fall more than 27% from their current levels before principal is impaired. The comparable cumulative foreclosure rate is approximately 30%.
 
of $2.1 billion are rated predominantly AAA, broadly diversified with over 25,000 loans and seasoned with 73% of the portfolio issued before 2006. The average loan-to-value ratio is approximately 66% with a debt service coverage ratio in excess of 1.7 and weighted average subordinated collateral of 27%. The cumulative foreclosure rate would have to rise to 42% and commercial real estate values would have to fall more than 30% from their current levels before principal is impaired. The current annual delinquency rate is 4%.
Commercial mortgage-backed securities
 
(current holdings of $55 million) are broadly diversified in over 90,000 loans with an average loan-to-value ratio of approximately 81% and an average FICO score of 600. With subordinated collateral of 30%, the cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate would have to rise to 45% and real estate values would have to fall more than 19% from their current levels before principal is impaired. The comparable historical cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate is 32%.
Sub-prime asset-backed securities
 
are rated predominantly AAA with a short duration of approximately 0.5 years and average subordinated collateral of 17%. Annual default rates would have to rise to 16 times their current level of about 2.4% before principal is impaired.
Auto loan asset-backed securities
 
 
Mortgage-backed and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Amortized Cost at September 30, 2009
 
 
Insured asset-backed securities represent $62 million, or 13% of our asset-backed security holdings.
 
 
Market Value at September 30, 2009
 
 
U.S. Investment Grade Corporate Fixed Income Portfolio
 
The average credit quality of ACE's US investment grade bond portfolio is very high at AA. 59% of investment grade securities holdings are rated AAA or guaranteed by governments or quasi-government agencies.
 
ACE prohibits investments in complex structured securities (e.g. CDOs, CLOs) and over-the-counter derivatives and does not permit the use of portfolio leverage.
 
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
 
 
Market Value at September 30, 2009
 
 
Below Investment Grade Corporate Fixed income Portfolio
 
ACE manages high yield bonds as a distinct and separate asset class from investment grade bonds. ACE's allocation to high yield bonds is explicitly set by internal management and is targeted to securities in the upper tier of credit quality (BB/B). Our minimum rating for initial purchase is BB/B.
 
Four external investment managers are responsible for high yield security selection and portfolio construction.
 
ACE's high yield managers have a conservative approach to credit selection and very low historical default experience.
 
Securities holdings are highly diversified across industries and are subject to a 1.5% issuer limit as a percentage of high yield allocation (or 0.1% of total portfolio). The portfolio is comprised of over 500 issuers with our largest current issuer exposure at $68 million. ACE monitors position limits on a daily basis through an internal compliance system.
 
Derivative and structured securities (e.g. credit default swaps, CLOs) are not permitted in high yield portfolios.
 
 
Market Value at September 30, 2009
 
 
Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio
 
ACE's non-U.S. investment grade fixed income portfolios are currency-matched with the insurance liabilities of ACE's non-U.S. operations. 89% of ACE's non-U.S. fixed income is denominated in G7 currencies.
 
Average credit quality of non-U.S. fixed income securities is very high at AA and 63% of holdings are rated AAA or guaranteed by governments or quasi-government agencies.
 
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
 
 
Investment portfolio
Top 25 Exposures - Fixed Maturity Investments
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
 
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations. However, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). A reconciliation of book value per common share is provided on page 27.
 
In presenting our segment operating results, we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, policy benefits, policy acquisition costs, and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense, and net realized gains (losses).
 
The following non-GAAP measure is a common performance measurement and is defined as income excluding net realized gains (losses) and the related tax expense (benefit). We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in other income (expense) related to partially owned entities because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with GAAP.
 
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Common Share
 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 
 
 
 
 
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) less perpetual preferred securities divided by average common shareholders' equity for the period. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE)
:
 
Common shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per common share
:
 
Combined Insurance Company of America, acquired April 1, 2008.
Combined Insurance
:
 
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio excluding life business. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio
:
 
Shareholders' equity less perpetual preferred shares.
Common shareholders' equity
:
 
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income excluding net realized gains (losses).
Effective tax rate
:
 
Unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity.
FAS 115
:
 
A group of seven industrialized nations including Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, United Kingdom, and the United States.
G7
:
 
Net premiums earned and net investment income less policy benefits, acquisition costs, and administrative expenses.
Life underwriting income
:
 
Not meaningful.
NM
:
 
Common shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per common share
:
 
Total capitalization less goodwill and other intangible assets.
Tangible capital
:
 
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, perpetual preferred shares, and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization
:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20091120160144.txt.gz
TIME:20091120160144
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On November 19, 2009, the Board of Directors amended the Company's Organizational Regulations to reflect the establishment of a Risk Committee and board committee charter revisions. A copy of the amended and restated Organizational Regulations is attached hereto as Exhibit 3 and incorporated herein by reference.
 
(d) Exhibits
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: November 19, 2009
 

Exhibit 3
Contents
 
 
2
 
3
 
 
The board of directors of ACE Limited, Switzerland, ("") issues the following organizational regulations ("") based on art. 716b CO and art. 19 of the articles of association of ACE Limited ("").
Company
Organizational Regulations
Articles of Association
 
The Organizational Regulations define the organization and responsibilities of the executive bodies, i.e. the board of directors and its members (""), its committees and its chairman, the delegate of the board of directors and the chief executive officer as well as the executive management of the Company and its subsidiaries (together with the Company the ""). They implement and supplement applicable law and the Articles of Association by establishing binding rules regarding the organization of the Group and its overall management.
Board Members
Group
 
The executive bodies of the Company are:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4
The Board of Directors is entitled to pass resolutions on all matters which are not delegated to, or reserved for, the shareholders meeting or another body of the Company by law, the Articles of Association or the Organizational Regulations.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5
The Board of Directors has the following further powers and responsibilities with regard to the Company and the Group:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors delegates the management of the Company and the Group to the Chief Executive Officer and the other members of the Executive Management as provided for by these Organizational Regulations.
Board Members will have complete and open access to the Chief Executive Officer, chief financial officer, general counsel, chief compliance officer and the head of internal audit.
 
The Board of Directors shall elect a Chairman as well as a Lead Director (who also acts as vice-chairman) from amongst its members. The Chairman may also be appointed as the
 
7
Chief Executive Officer, i.e. the Delegate.
The Board of Directors shall appoint a Secretary (a person keeping the minutes and assisting in the preparation of board meetings) who need not to be a member of the Board of Directors.
 
 
 
 
In case of urgency shorter notice periods are permitted. If all Board Members are present and agree, deviations from these formal requirements are permitted; in particular, decisions can be taken that are not mentioned on the agenda.
Furthermore, these formal requirements do not have to be observed, if a meeting is only convened in order to record the implementation of a capital increase, to pass resolutions regarding the amendments of the Articles of Association entailed therewith and to adopt the report on the capital increase.
 
 
 
 
A quorum of Board Members shall not be required in order to record the implementation of a capital increase, to pass resolutions regarding the amendments of the Articles of Association entailed therewith and to adopt the report on the capital increase.
 
 
8
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors shall submit nominations of new Board Members for election at the shareholders meeting that ensure an adequate size and well-balanced composition of the Board of Directors and further ensure that a majority of the Board Members are independent within applicable legal and stock exchange requirements.
 
9
 
 
The Chairman shall preside over the shareholders meeting. Together with the person keeping the minutes, he/she shall sign the minutes of the shareholders meeting.
The Chairman has the right to call in third parties as advisors in meetings of the Board of Directors.
 
 
If the Chairman of the Board of Directors is prevented from performing his/her duties, they shall be performed by the Lead Director.
 
The Board of Directors shall appoint a Lead Director, who shall have the following responsibilities, together with such others as the Board of Directors might from time to time specify:
 
 
 
 
 
10
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Each Committee is constituted by a chairman and at least one further member, each appointed by the Board of Directors among its members.
 
The term of a membership in a Committee is one year upon appointment.
 
 
 
 
11
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
12
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
13
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
14
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
15
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
16
 
 
 
 
The Audit Committee shall receive and review periodically, but not less than annually, a report of the Company's chief actuary on the Company's loss and loss expense reserves, including any reports of outside actuaries.
 
 
 
 
 
 
17
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
18
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
19
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
20
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
21
 
 
 
 
 
 
Meetings of the executive committee ("") are convened in accordance with Clause 5.4. Additionally, the Delegate and the Chief Executive Officer may request a meeting.
Executive Committee
 
In case of urgencies, the Executive Committee is to exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the ultimate management of the business and affairs of the Company between the meetings of the Board of Directors, except (a) as limited by Clause 2.1, the Company's Articles of Association, rules of the New York Stock Exchange or applicable law or regulation and (b) matters that are specifically reserved for another Committee of the Board of Directors.
 
 
 
 
 
22
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
23
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
24
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
25
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Nominating and Governance Committee is to assist the Board of Directors in (1) identifying individuals qualified to become Board Members, and recommending to the Board Members nominees for the next annual general shareholders meeting or to fill vacancies; and (2) developing and recommending to the Board of Directors corporate governance guidelines for the Group.
 
 
 
 
 
26
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
27
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
28
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
29
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Risk Committee helps execute the Board's supervisory responsibilities pertaining to enterprise risk management. This includes (a)   evaluation of the integrity and effectiveness of the Company's enterprise risk management procedures and systems and information, (b) oversight of policy decisions pertaining to risk aggregation and minimization, including credit risk, and (c) assessment of the Company's major decisions and preparedness levels pertaining to perceived material risks.
cognitive
strategic 
tactical 
As an insurer, the Company is in the business of risk management for profit. As a result, enterprise risk management cannot be separated from the day-to-day management of the Company and its business. Because risk management must permeate an organization conducting insurance businesses around the world, the Company has established an enterprise risk management process that is integrated into its management structure and is led by the senior managers of the Company.
The mission of the Risk Committee of the Board of Directors is to understand, advise about, and oversee the Company's risk management process to assure that it functions correctly in all material respects. The goal is to assure that the process perceives risk well (cognition), has a reasonable and sound set of policies for setting parameters on risk (strategy), and, for specific material risks, has prepared itself to avoid or to mitigate outcomes that threaten the viability of the Company (tactics).
 
30
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Risk Committee shall consist of at least three directors, including a chairman, each selected by the Board, upon the recommendation of the Nominating & Governance Committee. Any committee member may be removed by the Board upon the recommendation of the Nominating & Governance Committee.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
32
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors may designate one or more additional committees, each such committee to consist of such person or persons as may be designated by the Board of Directors. Except as expressly limited by law or by the Company's Articles of Association or by resolution of the Board of Directors, any such committee shall have and may exercise such powers and adopt such procedures as the Board of Directors may determine and specify in the resolution designating such committee.
 
 
 
 
 
 
33
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
34
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In case of urgency shorter notice periods are permitted. If all members of the Executive Management are present and agree, deviations from these formal requirements are permitted; in particular, decisions can be taken that are not mentioned on the agenda.
 
 
 
 
 
 
35
 
 
Group internal audit ("") shall examine and evaluate the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's internal control environment, and the quality of performance in carrying out assigned responsibilities to achieve the Group's goals and objectives.
Group Internal Audit
In fulfilling its responsibilities, Group Internal Audit shall:
 
 
 
 
 
The organizational structure of Group Internal Audit and resource requirements necessary for Group Internal Audit to perform its activities shall be defined by the head of Group Internal Audit and submitted to the Audit Committee for approval. The head of Group Internal Audit shall review and approve all new hires and terminations of staff.
 
Group Internal Audit shall adhere to the Group's guidelines and procedures and Group Internal Audit's organization and processes manuals and guidelines or to such other standards as required by applicable law or regulation.
 
 
 
36
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board Members as well as all other executive bodies and employees are obliged to maintain secrecy towards third parties regarding all facts they obtain knowledge of during the performance of their duties. These duties of non-disclosure survive the termination of the relationship of the respective individual with the Company.
 
Upon termination of the relationship with the Company all business files must be returned with the exception of documents used by a Board Member to follow-up his/her own actions.
 
The business year of the Company starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December.
 
 
These Organizational Regulations shall enter into force on the date of adoption by the
 
37
Board of Directors; be it in a meeting or by circular resolution.
 
These Organizational Regulations shall be reviewed and if necessary amended on a regular basis by the Board of Directors.
 
The Company shall indemnify, in accordance with and to the full extent now or hereafter permitted by law, any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (including, without limitation, an action by or in the right of the Company), by reason of his acting as a director, officer, employee or agent of, or his acting in any other capacity for or on behalf of, the Company, against any liability or expense actually and reasonably incurred by such person in respect thereof. The Company may advance the expenses of defending any such act, suit or proceeding in accordance with and to the full extent now or hereafter permitted by law. Such indemnification and advancement of expenses are not exclusive of any other right to indemnification or advancement of expenses provided by law or otherwise.
The Board of Directors may authorize the Company to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of another company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, or in a fiduciary or other capacity with respect to any employee benefit plan maintained by the Company, against any liability asserted against him and incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Article 18.
 
38
Hamilton, Bermuda, November 19, 2009
The Chairman of the Board of Directors:
/s/ Evan G. Greenberg
 
39


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20091130184350.txt.gz
TIME:20091130184350
EVENTS:	Regulation FD Disclosure
TEXT:
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 7.01   Regulation FD Disclosure
ACE Limited (together with its subsidiaries, ACE or the Company) files this Form 8-K to disclose that the ACE Group of insurance and reinsurance companies has negligible and immaterial exposure to Dubai, Dubai World or Nakheel, Dubai World's real-estate unit.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:
Forward-looking statements made in this report, such as those related to the Company's exposures, reflect the Company's current views and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the Company's forward-looking statements could be affected by actual market developments and governmental responses to market and credit conditions, as well as competition, pricing and policy term trends, changes in business mix, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments and settlement terms, and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: November 30, 2009


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20091217172034.txt.gz
TIME:20091217172034
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At ACE Limited's annual general meeting, the company's shareholders approved a dividend in the form of a par value reduction payable in four quarterly installments. The dividend approval provides for an annual par value reduction of 1.36 Swiss francs (CHF), which was equal to US$1.24 per share, or $0.31 per quarter, at the time of the annual general meeting. The actual CHF amount for each installment, however, will be adjusted up or down to equal $0.31 near the time of payment, subject to an aggregate cap for the four installments of CHF 2.04, as further described in the company's proxy statement/prospectus dated April 7, 2009.
For the third of such installments, in accordance with the shareholder approval, the par value reduction amount was fixed at CHF 0.32 based on the published USD/CHF exchange rate on December 14, 2009 (1.0341). To accomplish such installment, the company adjusted its Articles of Association on December 16, 2009 to reflect the number of shares issued out of conditional share capital since September 29, 2009, and on December 17, 2009 to confirm the par value reduction of CHF 0.32. The company's amended and restated Articles of Association became effective upon their filing with the commercial register of the Canton of Zurich, Switzerland on December 17, 2009, and as a result, the company's par value is CHF 31.88 as of such date.
Accordingly, the dividend scheduled for payment on January 11, 2010 will be paid to the company's shareholders of record at the close of business on December 17, 2009, as anticipated. A copy of the amended and restated Articles of Association is attached hereto as Exhibit 3 and incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: December 17, 2009

Exhibit 3
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lausanne, 16. Dezember 2009/December 16, 2009
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20100127060634.txt.gz
TIME:20100127060634
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) On January 25, 2010, Dermot F. Smurfit, a member of the Board of Directors (the "Board") of ACE Limited (the "Company"), informed the Company of his decision not to stand for re-election to the Board at the Company's 2010 Annual General Meeting ("Annual Meeting"). This decision was not the result of any disagreement with the Company. Mr. Smurfit is currently a member of the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board. He will remain on the Board and a member of the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee until the Annual Meeting, which is scheduled to occur in May 2010.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: January 27, 2010


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20100202171304.txt.gz
TIME:20100202171304
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On February 2, 2010, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its fourth quarter 2009 results and the availability of its fourth quarter financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: February 2, 2010
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported net income for the quarter ended December 31, 2009, of $2.81 per share, compared with $0.06 per share for the same quarter last year.
ZURICH, Switzerland, February 2, 2010
(1)
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) was $2.01 per share, compared with $1.86 per share for the same quarter last year.
(
2
)
Book value increased $934 million during the quarter, up 5% from September 30, 2009. Book value per share now stands at $58.44. Annualized return on average equity for the quarter was 14.2%.
(
3
)
The property and casualty (P&C) combined ratio for the quarter was 89.6%.
 
Net income for the year ended December 31, 2009, was $7.55 per share, compared with $3.50 per share for 2008. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) was $8.17 per share, compared with $7.67 per share for 2008. Full year return on average equity was 16.2%. Book value increased $5.2 billion, up 36% for the year. The P&C combined ratio was 88.3% for the year.
 
Evan G. Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "ACE had very strong fourth quarter income. Operating income was up 9% over prior year, contributing to record income for the year, and net income exceeded $900 million for the quarter. Our book value grew 36% in the year while tangible book grew 47%; both are now at all-time highs. In fact, over the last five years, we have grown our book and tangible book value at a compound annual rate of 15% and 17%, respectively.
"Our P&C combined ratio for 2009 was 88.3%  a world-class result  and in terms of capital efficiency, we achieved an operating return on equity for the year of more than 16%. We are confident we can continue to produce superior ROEs barring unforeseen events.
"P&C net written premiums were up about 9% in the quarter  a very solid performance that reflects the benefit of foreign exchange. While premium revenue growth will continue to be impacted by recessionary and competitive insurance market conditions, we are seeing more opportunities for profitable growth as a result of our increased geographic and product presence.
"In spite of the year's challenging economic, financial and insurance market conditions, we continued to invest in our company and benefit from our local presence in over 50 countries, from customer and producer flight to quality and capability, and from our diversified mix of P&C, A&H and Life businesses. We fully expect to continue delivering superior results."
Other operating highlights for the quarter ended December 31, 2009, were as follows
(1):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Details of our financial results for our business segments are available in the ACE Limited Financial Supplement. Key segment items for the quarter ended December 31, 2009, include:
 
 
 
 
Please refer to the ACE Limited Financial Supplement dated December 31, 2009, which is posted on the company's website in the Investor Information section, and access Financial Reports for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, investment portfolio and capital structure. The URL reference is: .
http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/irol/10/100907/fin_supp_december 31 2009.xls
ACE will host its fourth quarter earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday, February 3, 2010, beginning at 8:30 a.m. ET. The earnings conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 888-389-5997 (within the United States) or 719-457-1529 (international); passcode 4701116. Please refer to the ACE Limited website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available for approximately one month. To listen to the replay, dial: 888-203-1112 (in the United States) or 719-457-0820 (international); passcode 4701116.
www.acelimited.com
Celebrating 25 years of insuring progress, the ACE Group is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited (NYSE:ACE), the ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at:
www.acelimited.com
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NM  not meaningful comparison
:
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
Forward-looking statements made in this press release, such as those related to return on equity, underwriting, rates, economic and insurance market conditions, and company performance reflect the company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the company's forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, market acceptance, changes in demand, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, integration activities and performance of acquired companies, the company's re-domestication to Switzerland, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments and actual settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated Constant Dollar
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
Life
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Variable Annuity (VA) Lines
Historical Cash Flow Summary by Quarter
 
Death Benefits (GMDB)
 
 
Amounts represent accrued past premium received and claims paid by quarter, split by benefit type.
 
Death Benefits (GMDB)
 
Premiums and claims from VA contracts reinsuring Guaranteed Minimum Death Benefits (GMDB).
 
At current market levels we expect approximately $130 million of claims and $102 million of premium on death benefits over the next 12 months.
 
Living Benefits (Includes GMIB and GMAB)
 
Premiums and claims from VA contracts reinsuring Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefits (GMIB) and Guaranteed Minimum Accumulation Benefits (GMAB), collectively known as Living Benefits.
 
At current market levels we expect approximately $1 million of claims and $151 million of premium on living benefits over the next 12 months.
 
 
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage-backed and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Market Value at December 31, 2009
 
 
Insured asset-backed securities represent $35 million, or 9% of our asset-backed security holdings.
 
 
Mortgage-backed and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Market Value at December 31, 2009
 
total $11.3 billion, are rated predominantly AAA and comprise 25% of the fixed income portfolio. This compares to a 40% mortgage-backed weighting in representative indices of the U.S. fixed income market. The minimum rating for initial purchases of mortgage and asset backed securities is AAA.
Mortgage-backed securities
 
ACE suspended new investments in sub-prime backed securities in 3Q 2007 and ALT-A, credit card, and auto backed securities in 1Q 2008 and suspended new investments in CMBS in Q1 2009.
 
with implied or explicit government guarantees total $7.8 billion and represent 84% of the residential mortgage-backed portfolio.
Securities issued by Federal agencies
 
are backed by prime collateral, and broadly diversified in over 260,000 loans. The portfolio's loan-to-value ratio is approximately 70% with an average FICO score of 730. With this conservative loan-to-value ratio and subordinated collateral of 13%, the cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate would have to rise to 20% and real estate values would have to fall 30% from their current levels before principal is impaired. The comparable historical cumulative foreclosure rate is 8% for prime mortgages.
Non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities
 
Within the portfolio of prime non-agency RMBS are $146 million of holdings classified as ALT-A. These ALT-A holdings are broadly diversified with over 60% issued prior to 2006. The average FICO score is 712 with a relatively conservative loan-to-value ratio of 72%. With subordinated collateral of 21%, the cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate would have to rise to 32% and real estate values would have to fall more than 27% from their current levels before principal is impaired. The comparable cumulative foreclosure rate is approximately 30%.
 
of $2.0 billion are rated predominantly AAA, broadly diversified with over 23,000 loans and seasoned with 73% of the portfolio issued before 2006. The average loan-to-value ratio is approximately 67% with a debt service coverage ratio in excess of 1.6 and weighted average subordinated collateral of 27%. The cumulative foreclosure rate would have to rise to 42% and commercial real estate values would have to fall more than 10% from their current levels before principal is impaired. The current annual delinquency rate is 9%.
Commercial mortgage-backed securities
 
(current holdings of $54 million) are broadly diversified in over 86,000 loans with an average loan-to-value ratio of approximately 81% and an average FICO score of 600. With subordinated collateral of 30%, the cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate would have to rise to 35% and real estate values would have to fall more than 18% from their current levels before principal is impaired. The comparable historical cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate is 32%.
Sub-prime asset-backed securities
 
are rated predominantly AAA with a short duration of approximately 0.5 years and average subordinated collateral of 20%. Annual default rates would have to rise to 17 times their current level of about 2.4% before principal is impaired.
Auto loan asset-backed securities
 
 
Mortgage-backed and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Amortized Cost at December 31, 2009
 
 
Insured asset-backed securities represent $43 million, or 11% of our asset-backed security holdings.
 
 
Market Value at December 31, 2009
 
 
U.S. Investment Grade Corporate Fixed Income Portfolio
 
The average credit quality of ACE's US investment grade bond portfolio is very high at AA. 58% of investment grade securities holdings are rated AAA or guaranteed by governments or quasi-government agencies.
 
ACE prohibits investments in complex structured securities (e.g. CDOs, CLOs) and over-the-counter derivatives and does not permit the use of portfolio leverage.
 
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
 
 
Market Value at December 31, 2009
 
 
Below Investment Grade Corporate Fixed income Portfolio
 
ACE manages high yield bonds as a distinct and separate asset class from investment grade bonds. ACE's allocation to high yield bonds is explicitly set by internal management and is targeted to securities in the upper tier of credit quality (BB/B). Our minimum rating for initial purchase is BB/B.
 
Four external investment managers are responsible for high yield security selection and portfolio construction.
 
ACE's high yield managers have a conservative approach to credit selection and very low historical default experience.
 
Securities holdings are highly diversified across industries and are subject to a 1.5% issuer limit as a percentage of high yield allocation (or 0.1% of total portfolio). The portfolio is comprised of over 500 issuers with our largest current issuer exposure at $72 million. ACE monitors position limits on a daily basis through an internal compliance system.
 
Derivative and structured securities (e.g. credit default swaps, CLOs) are not permitted in high yield portfolios.
 
 
Market Value at December 31, 2009
 
 
Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio
 
ACE's non-U.S. investment grade fixed income portfolios are currency-matched with the insurance liabilities of ACE's non-U.S. operations. 88% of ACE's non-U.S. fixed income is denominated in G7 currencies.
 
Average credit quality of non-U.S. fixed income securities is very high at AA and 55% of holdings are rated AAA or guaranteed by governments or quasi-government agencies.
 
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
 
 
Investment portfolio
Top 25 Exposures - Fixed Maturity Investments
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
 
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations. However, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). A reconciliation of book value per common share is provided on the next page.
 
In presenting our segment operating results, we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, policy benefits, policy acquisition costs, and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense, and net realized gains (losses).
 
The following non-GAAP measure is a common performance measurement and is defined as income excluding net realized gains (losses) and the related tax expense (benefit). We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in other income (expense) related to partially owned entities because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with GAAP.
 
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Common Share
 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 
 
 
 
 
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) less perpetual preferred securities divided by average common shareholders' equity for the period. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
Common shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per common share:
 
Combined Insurance Company of America, acquired April 1, 2008.
Combined Insurance:
 
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio excluding life business. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
 
Shareholders' equity less perpetual preferred shares.
Common shareholders' equity:
 
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income excluding net realized gains (losses).
Effective tax rate:
 
Unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity.
FAS 115:
 
A group of seven industrialized nations including Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, United Kingdom, and the United States.
G7:
 
Net premiums earned and net investment income less policy benefits, acquisition costs, and administrative expenses.
Life underwriting income:
 
Not meaningful.
NM:
 
Common shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per common share:
 
Total capitalization less goodwill and other intangible assets.
Tangible capital:
 
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, perpetual preferred shares, and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20100302145807.txt.gz
TIME:20100302145807
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On February 24, 2010, the Board of Directors amended the indemnification provisions set forth in Article 19 of the Company's Organizational Regulations. A copy of the amended and restated Organizational Regulations is attached hereto as Exhibit 3 and incorporated herein by reference.
 
(d) Exhibits
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: March 2, 2010
 

Exhibit 3
Contents
 
 
 
 
 
The board of directors of ACE Limited, Switzerland, ("") issues the following organizational regulations ("") based on art. 716b CO and art. 19 of the articles of association of ACE Limited ("").
Company
Organizational Regulations
Articles of Association
 
The Organizational Regulations define the organization and responsibilities of the executive bodies, i.e. the board of directors and its members (""), its committees and its chairman, the delegate of the board of directors and the chief executive officer as well as the executive management of the Company and its subsidiaries (together with the Company the ""). They implement and supplement applicable law and the Articles of Association by establishing binding rules regarding the organization of the Group and its overall management.
Board Members
Group
 
The executive bodies of the Company are:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors is entitled to pass resolutions on all matters which are not delegated to, or reserved for, the shareholders meeting or another body of the Company by law, the Articles of Association or the Organizational Regulations.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors has the following further powers and responsibilities with regard to the Company and the Group:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors delegates the management of the Company and the Group to the Chief Executive Officer and the other members of the Executive Management as provided for by these Organizational Regulations.
Board Members will have complete and open access to the Chief Executive Officer, chief financial officer, general counsel, chief compliance officer and the head of internal audit.
 
The Board of Directors shall elect a Chairman as well as a Lead Director (who also acts as vice-chairman) from amongst its members. The Chairman may also be appointed as the Chief Executive Officer, i.e. the Delegate.
 
The Board of Directors shall appoint a Secretary (a person keeping the minutes and assisting in the preparation of board meetings) who need not to be a member of the Board of Directors.
 
 
 
 
In case of urgency shorter notice periods are permitted. If all Board Members are present and agree, deviations from these formal requirements are permitted; in particular, decisions can be taken that are not mentioned on the agenda.
Furthermore, these formal requirements do not have to be observed, if a meeting is only convened in order to record the implementation of a capital increase, to pass resolutions regarding the amendments of the Articles of Association entailed therewith and to adopt the report on the capital increase.
 
 
 
 
A quorum of Board Members shall not be required in order to record the implementation of a capital increase, to pass resolutions regarding the amendments of the Articles of Association entailed therewith and to adopt the report on the capital increase.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors shall submit nominations of new Board Members for election at the shareholders meeting that ensure an adequate size and well-balanced composition of the Board of Directors and further ensure that a majority of the Board Members are independent within applicable legal and stock exchange requirements.
 
 
 
The Chairman shall preside over the shareholders meeting. Together with the person keeping the minutes, he/she shall sign the minutes of the shareholders meeting.
The Chairman has the right to call in third parties as advisors in meetings of the Board of Directors.
 
 
If the Chairman of the Board of Directors is prevented from performing his/her duties, they shall be performed by the Lead Director.
 
The Board of Directors shall appoint a Lead Director, who shall have the following responsibilities, together with such others as the Board of Directors might from time to time specify:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Each Committee is constituted by a chairman and at least one further member, each appointed by the Board of Directors among its members.
 
The term of a membership in a Committee is one year upon appointment.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Audit Committee shall receive and review periodically, but not less than annually, a report of the Company's chief actuary on the Company's loss and loss expense reserves, including any reports of outside actuaries.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Meetings of the executive committee ("") are convened in accordance with Clause 5.4. Additionally, the Delegate and the Chief Executive Officer may request a meeting.
Executive Committee
 
In case of urgencies, the Executive Committee is to exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the ultimate management of the business and affairs of the Company between the meetings of the Board of Directors, except (a) as limited by Clause 2.1, the Company's Articles of Association, rules of the New York Stock Exchange or applicable law or regulation and (b) matters that are specifically reserved for another Committee of the Board of Directors.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Nominating and Governance Committee is to assist the Board of Directors in (1) identifying individuals qualified to become Board Members, and recommending to the Board Members nominees for the next annual general shareholders meeting or to fill vacancies; and (2) developing and recommending to the Board of Directors corporate governance guidelines for the Group.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Risk Committee helps execute the Board's supervisory responsibilities pertaining to enterprise risk management. This includes (a)   evaluation of the integrity and effectiveness of the Company's enterprise risk management procedures and systems and information, (b)  oversight of policy decisions pertaining to risk aggregation and minimization, including credit risk, and (c) assessment of the Company's major decisions and preparedness levels pertaining to perceived material risks.
cognitive
strategic 
tactical 
As an insurer, the Company is in the business of risk management for profit. As a result, enterprise risk management cannot be separated from the day-to-day management of the Company and its business. Because risk management must permeate an organization conducting insurance businesses around the world, the Company has established an enterprise risk management process that is integrated into its management structure and is led by the senior managers of the Company.
The mission of the Risk Committee of the Board of Directors is to understand, advise about, and oversee the Company's risk management process to assure that it functions correctly in all material respects. The goal is to assure that the process perceives risk well (cognition), has a reasonable and sound set of policies for setting parameters on risk (strategy), and, for specific material risks, has prepared itself to avoid or to mitigate outcomes that threaten the viability of the Company (tactics).
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Risk Committee shall consist of at least three directors, including a chairman, each selected by the Board, upon the recommendation of the Nominating & Governance Committee. Any committee member may be removed by the Board upon the recommendation of the Nominating & Governance Committee.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors may designate one or more additional committees, each such committee to consist of such person or persons as may be designated by the Board of Directors. Except as expressly limited by law or by the Company's Articles of Association or by resolution of the Board of Directors, any such committee shall have and may exercise such powers and adopt such procedures as the Board of Directors may determine and specify in the resolution designating such committee.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In case of urgency shorter notice periods are permitted. If all members of the Executive Management are present and agree, deviations from these formal requirements are permitted; in particular, decisions can be taken that are not mentioned on the agenda.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Group internal audit ("") shall examine and evaluate the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's internal control environment, and the quality of performance in carrying out assigned responsibilities to achieve the Group's goals and objectives.
Group Internal Audit
In fulfilling its responsibilities, Group Internal Audit shall:
 
 
 
 
 
The organizational structure of Group Internal Audit and resource requirements necessary for Group Internal Audit to perform its activities shall be defined by the head of Group Internal Audit and submitted to the Audit Committee for approval. The head of Group Internal Audit shall review and approve all new hires and terminations of staff.
 
Group Internal Audit shall adhere to the Group's guidelines and procedures and Group Internal Audit's organization and processes manuals and guidelines or to such other standards as required by applicable law or regulation.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board Members as well as all other executive bodies and employees are obliged to maintain secrecy towards third parties regarding all facts they obtain knowledge of during the performance of their duties. These duties of non-disclosure survive the termination of the relationship of the respective individual with the Company.
 
Upon termination of the relationship with the Company all business files must be returned with the exception of documents used by a Board Member to follow-up his/her own actions.
 
The business year of the Company starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December.
 
 
These Organizational Regulations shall enter into force on the date of adoption by the Board of Directors; be it in a meeting or by circular resolution.
 
These Organizational Regulations shall be reviewed and if necessary amended on a regular basis by the Board of Directors.
 
The Company shall indemnify, in accordance with and to the full extent now or hereafter permitted by law, any member of the Board of Directors or officer of the Company who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding (including, without limitation, an action by or in the right of the Company), by reason of his acting as a director or officer of the Company, against any liability or expense actually and reasonably incurred by such person in respect thereof. The Company shall advance the expenses of defending any such act, suit or proceeding in accordance with and to the full extent now or hereafter permitted by law. Such indemnification and advancement of expenses are not exclusive of any other right to indemnification or advancement of expenses provided by law or otherwise.
The Board of Directors may authorize the Company to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of another company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, or in a fiduciary or other capacity with respect to any employee benefit plan maintained by the Company, against any liability asserted against him and incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Article 19.
 
February 24, 2010
The Chairman of the Board of Directors:
/s/ Evan G. Greenberg
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20100401115540.txt.gz
TIME:20100401115540
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
At the Company's 2009 annual general meeting, the company's shareholders approved a dividend in the form of a par value reduction payable in four quarterly installments. The dividend approval provides for an annual par value reduction of 1.36 Swiss francs (CHF), which was equal to US$1.24 per share, or $0.31 per quarter, at the time of the annual general meeting. The actual CHF amount for each installment, however, will be adjusted up or down to equal $0.31 near the time of payment, subject to an aggregate cap for the four installments of CHF 2.04, as further described in the company's proxy statement dated April 7, 2009.
For the fourth of such installments, in accordance with the shareholder approval, the par value reduction amount was fixed at CHF 0.33 based on the published USD/CHF exchange rate of 0.9312 on March 26, 2010. To accomplish such installment, the company adjusted its Articles of Association (a) on March 29, 2010 to reflect the number of shares issued out of conditional share capital since December 16, 2010, and (b) on March 31, 2010 to confirm the par value reduction of CHF 0.33. The company's amended and restated Articles of Association became effective upon their filing with the commercial register of the Canton of Zurich, Switzerland on March 31, 2010 and, as a result, the company's par value is CHF 31.55 as of such date.
Accordingly, the dividend scheduled for payment on April 13, 2010 will be paid to the company's shareholders of record at the close of business on March 31, 2010, as anticipated. A copy of the amended and restated Articles of Association is attached hereto as Exhibit 3 and incorporated herein by reference.
 
(d) Exhibits
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: April 1, 2010

Exhibit 3
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20100428182538.txt.gz
TIME:20100428182538
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02.     Results of Operations and Financial Condition
 
On April 28, 2010, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its first quarter 2010 results and the availability of its first quarter 2010 financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
Item 9.01.     Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: April 28, 2010
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported net income for the quarter ended March 31, 2010, of $2.22 per share, compared with $1.69 per share for the same quarter last year.
ZURICH, April 28, 2010
(1)
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) was $1.70 per share, compared with $1.99 per share for the same quarter last year.
(
2
)
Net after-tax catastrophe losses in the first quarter of 2010 were $149 million, including reinstatement premiums, compared with $34 million for the first quarter of 2009. The total catastrophe losses are an increase from the $125 million in after-tax losses reported on March 18, entirely due to the addition of late-quarter storms in Perth, Australia, and the northeastern United States. Book value increased $969 million during the quarter, up 5% from December 31, 2009. Book value per share now stands at $60.94, an increase of 4%. Annualized operating return on average equity for the quarter was 12.0%.
(
3
)
The property and casualty (P&C) combined ratio for the quarter was 92.8%.
 
Evan G. Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "ACE had a good first quarter and start to 2010. We produced strong operating results and grew book value per share by 4%. Our operating ROE was 12.0%.
"While the quarter was marked by an unusually large number of natural catastrophes globally, we recorded an excellent combined ratio of 92.8%, with catastrophe losses representing about six points on the combined ratio and less than 1% of book value. I believe this demonstrates ACE's underwriting discipline, risk management, and broad product and geographic diversification.
"We face the challenging effects of a slow economic recovery as well as a competitive insurance market. The fundamentals of our company, however, are good and we are well positioned. We had a current accident year combined ratio excluding catastrophes of 90.2% and grew net premiums written 4%, aided by a steady customer renewal retention rate of 88% and a positive foreign exchange impact. In spite of the challenging economic and market conditions, we see meaningful opportunity in many places around the world where we have both capability and presence."
Operating highlights for the quarter ended March 31, 2010, were as follows
(1):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Details of our financial results for our business segments are available in the ACE Limited Financial Supplement. Key segment items for the quarter ended March 31, 2010, include:
 
 
 
 
Please refer to the ACE Limited Financial Supplement dated March 31, 2010, which is posted on the company's website in the Investor Information section, and access Financial Reports for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, investment portfolio and capital structure. The URL reference is: .
http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/irol/10/100907/fin_supp_march 31 2010.xls
ACE will host its first quarter earnings conference call and webcast on Thursday, April 29, 2010, beginning at 8:30 a.m. ET. The earnings conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 888-466-4587 (within the United States) or 719-325-2100 (international); passcode 4788766. Please refer to the ACE Limited website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available for approximately one month. To listen to the replay, dial: 888-203-1112 (in the United States) or 719-457-0820 (international); passcode 4788766.
www.acelimited.com
Celebrating 25 years of insuring progress, the ACE Group is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited (NYSE:ACE), the ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at:
www.acelimited.com
 
 
is a common performance measurement for insurance companies. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in Other income (expense) related to partially-owned entities because the amounts of these gains (losses) do not relate to their respective operations.
Operating Income or Income excluding net realized gains (losses), net of tax
is calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, policy benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting income and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including net investment income, other income (expense), interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses). Life underwriting income includes net investment income. We believe the use of these measures enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
Underwriting income
See reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on page 28 in the financial supplement. These measures should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
 
NM  not meaningful comparison
 
:
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
Forward-looking statements made in this press release, such as those related to economic outlook, insurance market conditions, and company performance reflect the company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the company's forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, integration activities and performance of acquired companies, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments and actual settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war, and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Expense Ratio Adjusted to Exclude the Impact of Reinstatement Premiums (RIPS), Crop Insurance Profit-Sharing Commission and Foreign Exchange
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated Constant Dollar
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
First Quarter Catastrophe Loss Charges - 2010
 
 
 
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
Life
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Variable Annuity (VA) Lines
Historical Cash Flow Summary by Quarter
 
Death Benefits (GMDB)
 
Amounts represent accrued past premium received and claims paid by quarter, split by benefit type.
 
Death Benefits (GMDB)
 
Premiums and claims from VA contracts reinsuring Guaranteed Minimum Death Benefits (GMDB).
 
At current market levels we expect approximately $118 million of claims and $101 million of premium on death benefits over the next 12 months.
 
Living Benefits (Includes GMIB and GMAB)
 
Premiums and claims from VA contracts reinsuring Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefits (GMIB) and Guaranteed Minimum Accumulation Benefits (GMAB), collectively known as Living Benefits.
 
At current market levels we expect approximately $1 million of claims and $151 million of premium on living benefits over the next 12 months.
 
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage-backed and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Market Value at March 31, 2010
 
 
Insured asset-backed securities represent $27 million, or 8% of our asset-backed security holdings.
 
 
Mortgage-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Market Value at March 31, 2010
 
total $11.4 billion, are rated predominantly AAA and comprise 25% of the fixed income portfolio. This compares to a 40% mortgage-backed weighting in representative indices of the U.S. fixed income market. The minimum rating for initial purchases of mortgage and asset backed securities is AAA.
Mortgage-backed securities
 
with implied or explicit government guarantees total $8.4 billion and represent 85% of the residential mortgage-backed portfolio.
Securities issued by Federal agencies
 
are backed by prime collateral, and broadly diversified in over 260,000 loans. The portfolio's loan-to-value ratio is approximately 70% with an average FICO score of 730. With this conservative loan-to-value ratio and subordinated collateral of 13%, the cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate would have to rise to 21% and real estate values would have to fall 20% from their current levels before principal is impaired. The current foreclosure rate of ACE's non-agency RMBS portfolio is 9%.
Non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities
 
of $1.6 billion are rated predominantly AAA, broadly diversified with over 19,000 loans and seasoned with 86% of the portfolio issued before 2006. The average loan-to-value ratio is approximately 66% with a debt service coverage ratio in excess of 1.6 and weighted average subordinated collateral of 33%. The cumulative foreclosure rate would have to rise to 41% and commercial real estate values would have to fall more than 10% from their current levels before principal is impaired. The current foreclosure rate of the portfolio is about 2%.
Commercial mortgage-backed securities
 
 
Mortgage-backed and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Amortized Cost at March 31, 2010
 
 
Insured asset-backed securities represent $34 million, or 9% of our asset-backed security holdings.
 
 
Market Value at March 31, 2010
 
 
U.S. Investment Grade Corporate Fixed Income Portfolio
 
The average credit quality of ACE's US investment grade bond portfolio is very high at AA. 62% of investment grade securities holdings are rated AAA or guaranteed by governments or quasi-government agencies.
 
ACE prohibits investments in complex structured securities (e.g. CDOs, CLOs) and over-the-counter derivatives and does not permit the use of portfolio leverage.
 
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
 
 
Market Value at March 31, 2010
 
 
Below Investment Grade Corporate Fixed Income Portfolio
 
ACE manages high yield bonds as a distinct and separate asset class from investment grade bonds. ACE's allocation to high yield bonds is explicitly set by internal management and is targeted to securities in the upper tier of credit quality (BB/B). Our minimum rating for initial purchase is BB/B.
 
Five external investment managers are responsible for high yield security selection and portfolio construction.
 
ACE's high yield managers have a conservative approach to credit selection and very low historical default experience.
 
Securities holdings are highly diversified across industries and are subject to a 1.5% issuer limit as a percentage of high yield allocation. The portfolio comprises over 500 issuers with our largest current issuer exposure at $81 million. ACE monitors position limits on a daily basis through an internal compliance system.
 
Derivative and structured securities (e.g. credit default swaps, CLOs) are not permitted in high yield portfolios.
 
 
Market Value at March 31, 2010
 
 
Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio
 
ACE's non-U.S. investment grade fixed income portfolios are currency-matched with the insurance liabilities of ACE's non-U.S. operations.
 
87% of ACE's non-U.S. fixed income is denominated in G7 currencies.
 
Average credit quality of non-U.S. fixed income securities is very high at AA and 55% of holdings are rated AAA or guaranteed by governments or quasi-government agencies.
 
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
 
 
Investment portfolio
Top 25 Exposures - Fixed Maturity Investments
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
 
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations. However, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). A reconciliation of book value per common share is provided on the next page.
 
In presenting our segment operating results, we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, policy benefits, policy acquisition costs, and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense, and net realized gains (losses).
 
The following non-GAAP measure is a common performance measurement and is defined as income excluding net realized gains (losses) and the related tax expense (benefit). We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in other income (expense) related to partially owned entities because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with GAAP.
 
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Common Share
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 
 
 
 
 
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) divided by average shareholders' equity for the period excluding unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
Shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per common share:
 
Combined Insurance Company of America, acquired April 1, 2008.
Combined Insurance:
 
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio excluding life business. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
 
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income excluding net realized gains (losses).
Effective tax rate:
 
Unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity.
Topic 320:
 
A group of seven industrialized nations including Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, United Kingdom, and the United States.
G7:
 
Net premiums earned and net investment income less policy benefits, acquisition costs, and administrative expenses.
Life underwriting income:
 
Not meaningful.
NM:
 
Shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per common share:
 
Total capitalization less goodwill and other intangible assets.
Tangible capital:
 
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20100506063850.txt.gz
TIME:20100506063850
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On May 6, 2010, the Company filed, as definitive additional soliciting materials, a supplement to its proxy statement with respect to Agenda Item No. 6 set forth its proxy statement dated April 5, 2010. Agenda Item No. 6 relates to approval of an amendment to Article 6 of the Company's Articles of Association which provides for authorized share capital for general purposes. The Company has agreed that, if its shareholders approve the agenda item, the Company will not issue more than 68,000,000 shares (19.99% of its currently existing share capital) pursuant to Article 6 during the two-year period that the share capital authorization contained in Article 6 remains in effect without either providing the Company's shareholders the opportunity to exercise pre-emptive rights or seeking specific shareholder approval for such issuance.
 
(d) Exhibits
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: May 6, 2010
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
We are issuing this proxy statement supplement to provide additional information about our proposal to amend our Articles of Association with respect to authorized share capital for general purposes (Agenda Item No. 6), and to inform shareholders of ACE's commitment to use no more than 68,000,000 shares (19.99% of currently existing share capital) in issuances without pre-emptive rights, unless it seeks a further shareholder vote. Further detail follows.
We understand that, given this commitment, proxy advisory firm RiskMetrics Group will issue a client alert changing its recommendation with respect to Agenda Item No. 6 to a recommendation that shareholders vote "FOR" the item.
Our Board of Directors has proposed shareholder approval of an amendment to Article 6 of the Articles of Association to authorize our Board of Directors to increase the Company's share capital, within two years following the 2010 Annual General Meeting, by up to a maximum amount equal to CHF 4,417,000,000, divided into 140,000,000 shares. Following shareholder approval, this capital could then be used as authorized by our Board for a variety of purposes, including in connection with acquisitions of other companies or raising capital following significant catastrophes that would otherwise have a material effect on our balance sheet or financial condition.
Shareholders of a Swiss company are generally entitled to pre-emptive rights in connection with issuances of shares. As a result, Swiss companies often conduct rights offerings to existing shareholders at the time of public or private offerings of shares. As described in our proxy statement, Article 6 would include authorization to the Board of Directors, in certain enumerated instances and subject to Swiss and other applicable laws and regulations, to limit or withdraw the shareholders' pre-emptive rights. We believe these specific exceptions to pre-emptive rights, if approved by our Board, would better position ACE to react to significant opportunities or occurrences, and are critical to our ability to operate and grow our company.
To further clarify Agenda Item No. 6, the Company agrees that, if its shareholders approve the agenda item, the Company will not issue more than 68,000,000 shares (19.99% of its currently existing share capital) pursuant to Article 6 during the two-year period that the share capital authorization contained in Article 6 remains in effect without either providing the Company's shareholders the opportunity to exercise pre-emptive rights or seeking specific shareholder approval for such issuance. Such undertaking would apply only to shares issued pursuant to the authorization of share capital for general purposes set forth in Article 6, and not shares issued pursuant to conditional share capital authorizations that already exist under our Articles of Association and which are not being voted upon at the 2010 Annual General Meeting.
In all other respects Agenda Item No. 6 and each of the other agenda items set forth in our proxy statement are as described in our proxy statement.
Our Board of Directors recommends a vote "FOR" the amendment of Article 6 of our Articles of Association, authorizing the Board of Directors to increase the Company's share capital for general purposes.
Our annual meeting will be held at the same place, on the same date and at the same time as announced in our proxy statement, which is Wednesday, May 19, 2010 at 2:30 p.m. Central European time (doors open at 1:30 p.m. Central European time) at the offices of ACE Limited, Baerengasse 32, CH-8001 Zurich, Switzerland.
Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Shareholder Meeting To Be Held on Wednesday, May 19, 2010.
This supplement, as well as our proxy statement for the 2010 Annual General Meeting, form of proxy card and 2009 Annual Report are available at http://phx.corporate-ir.net/phoenix.zhtml?c=100907&p=proxy
Important Information Regarding Voting
If you have already voted on Agenda Item No. 6 or any other agenda item described in the Company's proxy statement and you wish to change or revoke your vote, you may do so by:
 
 
 
If you are a beneficial holder, please follow the voting instructions provided by your broker in order to change or revoke your vote.
If you have granted your proxy to the independent proxy and you wish to revoke or change the proxy, you should send a revocation letter, and a new proxy, if applicable, directly to the independent proxy, Dr. Claude Lambert, Homburger AG, Weinbergstrasse 56/58, PO Box 194, CH-8042 Zurich, Switzerland.
If you wish to revoke or change your proxy, you must do so in sufficient time to permit the necessary examination and tabulation of the subsequent proxy or revocation before the vote is taken. Revocation of, or changes to, proxies issued to the independent proxy must be received by the independent proxy by May 12, 2010, 12:00 noon Central European time.
If you are a record holder, in order to assure that your votes are tabulated in time to be voted at the Annual General Meeting, you must submit your revoked or changed proxy so that your proxy card is received by 6:00 p.m. Central European time (12:00 noon Eastern Daylight time) on May 18, 2010. If you are a beneficial holder, in order to assure that your votes are tabulated in time to be voted at the Annual General Meeting, you must submit your revoked or changed voting instructions in enough time so that your broker will be able to vote by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time on May 17, 2010.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20100521164249.txt.gz
TIME:20100521164249
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(e) At the company's 2010 annual general meeting, the company's shareholders approved the ACE Limited 2004 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended through the fifth amendment (the "LTIP"). As a result, the total number of shares reserved for delivery under the LTIP increased by 11.6 million shares. A more complete description of the LTIP is contained in Company's proxy statement dated April 5, 2010, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, under the heading "Approval of ACE Limited 2004 Long-Term Incentive Plan as Amended through the Fifth Amendment," which is hereby incorporated herein by reference. For the full text of the LTIP, see Exhibit 10 hereto, which is hereby incorporated herein by reference.
Item 5.03 Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
At the company's 2010 annual general meeting, the company's shareholders approved amendments to its Articles of Association relating to the treatment of abstentions and broker non-votes and relating to authorized share capital, as further described in the company's proxy statement dated April 5, 2010. The company's amended and restated Articles of Association containing these amendments will become effective with publication in the Swiss Commercial Gazette, retroactive to their registration in the daily register of the Canton of Zurich, Switzerland on May 20, 2010. A copy of the amended and restated Articles of Association is attached hereto as Exhibit 3 and incorporated herein by reference.
At the company's 2010 annual general meeting, the company's shareholders also approved amendments to the company's Articles of Association in conjunction with their approval of payments of a dividend in the form of distribution through par value reduction, as further described in the company's proxy statement dated April 5, 2010. Those amendments to the Articles of Association will become effective with the registration of each quarterly par value reduction in the Swiss Commercial Register.
 
The company convened its annual general meeting of shareholders on May 19, 2010 pursuant to notice duly given. The matters voted upon at the meeting and the results of such voting are set forth below:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: May 21, 2010
 

EXHIBIT 3
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

EXHIBIT 10
1.1. . The ACE Limited 2004 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the "Plan") has been established by ACE Limited (the "Company") to (i) attract and retain persons eligible to participate in the Plan; (ii) motivate Participants, by means of appropriate incentives, to achieve long-range goals; (iii) provide incentive compensation opportunities that are competitive with those of other similar companies; and (iv) further identify Participants' interests with those of the Company's other shareholders through compensation that is based on the Company's shares of common stock; and thereby promote the long-term financial interest of the Company and the Subsidiaries, including the growth in value of the Company's equity and enhancement of long-term shareholder return.
Purpose
1.2. . Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Committee shall determine and designate, from time to time, from among the Eligible Individuals (including transferees of Eligible Individuals to the extent the transfer is permitted by the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement), those persons who will be granted one or more Awards under the Plan, and thereby become "Participants" in the Plan.
Participation
1.3. . The operation and administration of the Plan, including the Awards made under the Plan, shall be subject to the provisions of Section 5 (relating to operation and administration). Capitalized terms in the Plan shall be defined as set forth in the Plan (including the definition provisions of Section 9).
Operation, Administration, and Definitions
2.1. .
Definitions
 
 
2.2. . The "Exercise Price" of each Option and SAR granted under this Section 2 shall be established by the Committee or shall be determined by a method established by the Committee at the time the Option or SAR is granted. The Exercise Price shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the date of grant (or, if greater, the par value of a share of Stock).
Exercise Price
2.3. . An Option and an SAR shall be exercisable in accordance with such terms and conditions and during such periods as may be established by the Committee. In no event, however, shall an Option or SAR expire later than ten years after the date of its grant.
Exercise
 
2.4. . The payment of the Exercise Price of an Option granted under this Section 2 shall be subject to the following:
Payment of Option Exercise Price
 
 
 
2.5. . Settlement of Options and SARs is subject to subsection 5.7.
Settlement of Award
2.6. . Except for either adjustments pursuant to paragraph 5.2(f) (relating to the adjustment of shares), or reductions of the Exercise Price approved by the Company's shareholders, the Exercise Price for any outstanding Option or SAR may not be decreased after the date of grant nor may an outstanding Option or SAR granted under the Plan be surrendered to the Company as consideration for the grant of a replacement Option or SAR with a lower Exercise Price.
No Repricing
2.7. . An Option may but need not be in tandem with an SAR, and an SAR may but need not be in tandem with an Option. If an Option is in tandem with an SAR, the Exercise Price of both the Option and SAR shall be the same, and the exercise of the Option or SAR with respect to a share of Stock shall cancel the corresponding tandem SAR or Option right with respect to such share. If an SAR is in tandem with an Option but is granted after the grant of the Option, or if an Option is in tandem with an SAR but is granted after the grant of the SAR, the later granted tandem Award shall have the same Exercise Price as the earlier granted Award, but the Exercise Price for the later granted Award may be less than the Fair Market Value of the Stock at the time of such grant.
Grants of Options and SARs
3.1. . A "Full Value" Award is a grant of one or more shares of Stock or a right to receive one or more shares of Stock in the future, with such grant subject to one or more of the following, as determined by the Committee:
Definition
 
 
 
The grant of Full Value Awards may also be subject to such other conditions, restrictions and contingencies, as determined by the Committee.
 
3.2. .
Restrictions on Awards
 
 
A Cash Incentive Award is the grant of a right to receive a payment of cash (or in the discretion of the Committee, Stock having value equivalent to the cash otherwise payable) that is contingent on achievement of performance or other objectives over a specified period established by the Committee. The grant of Cash Incentive Awards may also be subject to such other conditions, restrictions and contingencies, as determined by the Committee. The Committee may designate a Cash Incentive Award granted to any Participant as "performance-based compensation" as that term is used in section 162(m) of the Code. To the extent required by Code section 162(m), any such Award so designated shall be conditioned on the achievement of one or more performance objectives. The performance objectives shall be based on Performance Measures as selected by the Committee. For Awards under this Section 4 intended to be "performance-based compensation," the grant of the Awards and the establishment of the performance objectives shall be made during the period required under Code section 162(m). Except as otherwise provided in the applicable plan or arrangement, distribution of any cash incentive awards by the Company or its Subsidiaries (whether granted this Plan or otherwise), for a performance period ending in a calendar year, shall be made to the Participant not later than March 15 of the following calendar year; provided, however, that for purposes of determining compliance with Code section 409A, a payment will be considered to satisfy the requirement of this sentence if distribution is made no later than the end of the calendar year following the end of the applicable performance period.
5.1. . Subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Company at the Company's 2004 annual meeting of its shareholders, the Plan shall be effective as of February 25, 2004 (the "Effective Date"); provided, however, that, to the extent not prohibited by applicable law or the applicable rules of any stock exchange, Awards may be granted contingent on approval of the Plan by the shareholders of the Company at such annual meeting. The Plan shall be unlimited in duration and, in the event of Plan termination, shall remain in effect as long as any Awards under it are outstanding; provided, however, that no Awards may be granted under the Plan on or after the ten-year anniversary of February 24, 2010, which is the date on which the Plan was amended by the Fifth Amendment.
Effective Date
 
5.2. . The shares of Stock for which Awards may be granted under the Plan shall be subject to the following:
Shares and Other Amounts Subject to Plan
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5.3. . Delivery of shares of Stock or other amounts under the Plan shall be subject to the following:
General Restrictions
 
 
5.4. . All distributions under the Plan are subject to withholding of all applicable taxes, and the Committee may condition the delivery of any shares or other benefits under the Plan on satisfaction of the applicable withholding obligations. Except as otherwise provided by the Committee, such withholding obligations may be satisfied (i) through cash payment by the Participant; (ii) through the surrender of shares of Stock which the Participant already owns (provided, however, that to the extent shares described in this clause (ii) are used to satisfy more than the minimum statutory withholding obligation, as described below, then, except as otherwise provided by the Committee, payments made with shares of Stock in accordance with this clause (ii) shall be limited to shares held by the Participant for not less than six months prior to the payment date); or (iii) through the surrender of shares of Stock to which the Participant is otherwise entitled under the Plan, provided, however, that such shares under this clause (iii) may be used to satisfy not more than the Company's minimum statutory withholding obligation (based on minimum statutory withholding rates for Federal and state tax purposes, including payroll taxes, that are applicable to such supplemental taxable income).
Tax Withholding
5.5. . In the discretion of the Committee, a Participant may be granted any Award permitted under the provisions of the Plan, and more than one Award may be granted to a Participant. Awards may be granted as alternatives to or replacement of awards granted or outstanding under the Plan, or any other plan or arrangement of the Company or a Subsidiary (including a plan or arrangement of a business or entity, all or a portion of which is acquired by the Company or a Subsidiary). Subject to the overall limitation on the number of shares of Stock that may be delivered under the Plan, the Committee may use available shares of Stock as the form of payment for compensation, grants or rights earned or due under any other compensation plans or arrangements of the Company or a Subsidiary, including the plans and arrangements of the Company or a Subsidiary assumed in business combinations. Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection 2.2, Options and SARs granted under the Plan in replacement for awards under plans and arrangements of the Company or a Subsidiary assumed in business combinations may provide for Exercise Prices that are less than the Fair Market Value of the Stock at the time of the replacement grants, if the Committee determines that such Exercise Price is appropriate to preserve the economic benefit of the award. The provisions of this subsection shall be subject to the provisions of subsection 5.16.
Grant and Use of Awards
 
5.6. . An Award (including without limitation an Option or SAR Award) may provide the Participant with the right to receive dividend or dividend equivalent payments with respect to Stock subject to the Award (both before and after the Stock subject to the Award is earned, vested, or acquired), which payments may be either made currently or credited to an account for the Participant, and may be settled in cash or Stock, as determined by the Committee. Any such settlements, and any such crediting of dividends or dividend equivalents or reinvestment in shares of Stock, may be subject to such conditions, restrictions and contingencies as the Committee shall establish, including the reinvestment of such credited amounts in Stock equivalents. The provisions of this subsection shall be subject to the provisions of subsection 5.16.
Dividends and Dividend Equivalents
5.7. . The obligation to make payments and distributions with respect to Awards may be satisfied through cash payments, the delivery of shares of Stock, the granting of replacement Awards (subject to subsection 2.6), or combination thereof as the Committee shall determine. Satisfaction of any such obligations under an Award, which is sometimes referred to as "settlement" of the Award, may be subject to such conditions, restrictions and contingencies as the Committee shall determine. The Committee may permit or require the deferral of any Award payment, subject to such rules and procedures as it may establish, which may include provisions for the payment or crediting of interest or dividend equivalents, and may include converting such credits into deferred Stock equivalents. Except for Options and SARs designated at the time of grant or otherwise as intended to be subject to Code section 409A, this subsection 5.7 shall not be construed to permit the deferred settlement of Options or SARs, if such settlement would result in deferral of compensation under Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(5)(i)(A)(3) (except as permitted in paragraphs (i) and (ii) of that section). Each Subsidiary shall be liable for payment of cash due under the Plan with respect to any Participant to the extent that such benefits are attributable to the services rendered for that Subsidiary by the Participant. Any disputes relating to liability of a Subsidiary for cash payments shall be resolved by the Committee. The provisions of this subsection shall be subject to the provisions of subsection 5.16.
Settlement of Awards
5.8. . Awards under the Plan are not transferable except as designated by the Participant by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and except for transfers without consideration to the extent permitted by the Committee.
Transferability
5.9. . Unless otherwise specified herein, each election required or permitted to be made by any Participant or other person entitled to benefits under the Plan, and any permitted modification, or revocation thereof, shall be in writing filed with the Committee at such times, in such form, and subject to such restrictions and limitations, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, as the Committee shall require.
Form and Time of Elections
5.10. . An Award under the Plan shall be subject to such terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the Plan, as the Committee shall, in its sole discretion, prescribe. The terms and conditions of any Award to any Participant shall be reflected in such form of written (including electronic) document as is determined by the Committee. A copy of such document shall be provided to the Participant, and the Committee may, but need not require that the Participant sign a copy of such document. Such document is referred to in the Plan as an "Award Agreement" regardless of whether any Participant signature is required.
Agreement With Company
5.11. . Any action required or permitted to be taken by the Company or any Subsidiary shall be by resolution of its board of directors, or by action of one or more members of the board (including a committee of the board) who are duly authorized to act for the board, or (except to the extent prohibited by applicable law or applicable rules of any stock exchange) by a duly authorized officer of such company.
Action by Company or Subsidiary
5.12. . Where the context admits, words in any gender shall include any other gender, words in the singular shall include the plural and the plural shall include the singular.
Gender and Number
 
5.13. .
Limitation of Implied Rights
 
 
5.14. . Except as otherwise provided by the Committee, Awards to a Participant (including the grant and the receipt of benefits) under the Plan shall be disregarded for purposes of determining the Participant's benefits under any Qualified Retirement Plan and other plans maintained by the Participant's employer. The term "Qualified Retirement Plan" means any plan of the Company or a Subsidiary that is intended to be qualified under section 401(a) of the Code.
Benefits Under Qualified Retirement Plans
5.15. . Evidence required of anyone under the Plan may be by certificate, affidavit, document or other information which the person acting on it considers pertinent and reliable, and signed, made or presented by the proper party or parties.
Evidence
5.16. . The provisions of the Plan shall be subject to the following:
Limitations under Section 409A
 
 
 
Subject to the provisions of paragraph 5.2(f) (relating to the adjustment of shares), the occurrence of a Change in Control shall have the effect, if any, with respect to any Award as set forth in the Award Agreement or, to the extent not prohibited by the Plan or the Award Agreement, as provided by the Committee.
 
7.1. . The authority to control and manage the operation and administration of the Plan shall be vested in a committee (the "Committee") in accordance with this Section 7. The Committee shall be selected by the Board, and shall consist solely of two or more members of the Board. If the Committee does not exist, or for any other reason determined by the Board, and to the extent not prohibited by applicable law or the applicable rules of any stock exchange, the Board may take any action under the Plan that would otherwise be the responsibility of the Committee.
Administration
7.2. . The Committee's administration of the Plan shall be subject to the following:
Powers of Committee
 
 
 
 
 
7.3. . Except to the extent prohibited by applicable law or the applicable rules of a stock exchange, the Committee may allocate all or any portion of its responsibilities and powers to any one or more of its members and may delegate all or any part of its responsibilities and powers to any person or persons selected by it. Any such allocation or delegation may be revoked by the Committee at any time.
Delegation by Committee
7.4. . The Company and Subsidiaries shall furnish the Committee with such data and information as it determines may be required for it to discharge its duties. The records of the Company and Subsidiaries as to an employee's or Participant's employment (or other provision of services), termination of employment (or cessation of the provision of services), leave of absence, reemployment and compensation shall be conclusive on all persons unless determined to be incorrect. Participants and other persons entitled to benefits under the Plan must furnish the Committee such evidence, data or information as the Committee considers desirable to carry out the terms of the Plan.
Information to be Furnished to Committee
 
The Board may, at any time, amend or terminate the Plan, and may amend any Award Agreement, provided that no amendment or termination may, in the absence of written consent to the change by the affected Participant (or, if the Participant is not then living, the affected beneficiary), adversely affect the rights of any Participant or beneficiary under any Award granted under the Plan prior to the date such amendment is adopted by the Board; and further provided that adjustments pursuant to paragraph 5.2(f) shall not be subject to the foregoing limitations of this Section 8; and further provided that the provisions of subsection 2.6 (relating to Option repricing) cannot be amended unless the amendment is approved by the Company's shareholders. Approval by the Company's shareholders will be required for any material revision to the terms of the Plan, with the Committee's determination of "material revision" to take into account the exemptions under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange. No amendment or termination shall be adopted or effective if it would result in accelerated recognition of income or imposition of additional tax under Code section 409A or, except as otherwise provided in the amendment, would cause amounts that were not otherwise subject to Code section 409A to become subject to section 409A.
In addition to the other definitions contained herein, the following definitions shall apply:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20100727171234.txt.gz
TIME:20100727171234
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At the company's 2010 annual general meeting, the company's shareholders approved a dividend in the form of a par value reduction payable in four quarterly installments. The dividend approval provides for an annual par value reduction of 1.44 Swiss francs (CHF), which was equal to US$1.32 per share, or $0.33 per quarter, at the time of the annual general meeting. The actual CHF amount for each installment, however, will be adjusted up or down to equal $0.33 near the time of payment, subject to an aggregate cap for the four installments of CHF 2.16, as further described in the company's proxy statement dated April 5, 2010.
For the first of such installments, in accordance with the shareholder approval, the par value reduction amount was fixed at CHF 0.34 based on the published USD/CHF exchange rate of 0.9521 on July 22, 2010. To accomplish such installment, the company adjusted its Articles of Association (a) on July 23, 2010 to reflect the number of shares issued out of conditional share capital since March 29, 2010, and (b) on July 27, 2010 to confirm the par value reduction of CHF 0.34. The company's amended and restated Articles of Association became effective upon their filing with the commercial register of the Canton of Zurich, Switzerland on July 27, 2010 and, as a result, the company's par value is CHF 31.21 as of such date.
Accordingly, the dividend scheduled for payment on August 17, 2010 will be paid to the company's shareholders of record at the close of business on July 27, 2010, as anticipated. A copy of the amended and restated Articles of Association is attached hereto as Exhibit 3 and incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: July 27, 2010

EXHIBIT 3
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20100728073446.txt.gz
TIME:20100728073446
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On July 27, 2010, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its second quarter 2010 results and the availability of its second quarter 2010 financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: July 27, 2010
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported net income for the quarter ended June 30, 2010, of $1.98 per share, compared with $1.58 per share for the same quarter last year.
ZURICH, July 27, 2010
(1)
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) was $2.01 per share, compared with $2.09 per share for the same quarter last year.
(
2
)
Book value increased $774 million during the quarter, up 4% from March 31, 2010. Book value per share now stands at $63.20. Annualized operating return on average equity for the quarter was 13.8%.
(
3
)
The property and casualty (P&C) combined ratio for the quarter was 89.7%.
 
Net income for the six months ended June 30, 2010, was $4.21 per share, compared with $3.27 per share for 2009. For the six months ended June 30, 2010, income excluding net realized gains (losses) was $3.72 per share, compared with $4.08 per share for 2009. Book value increased $1.7 billion, up 9% during the six months ended June 30, 2010. The P&C combined ratio for the six months ended June 30, 2010, was 91.2%.
 
Evan G. Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented:
"ACE had an excellent second quarter and first half. In the quarter, we produced operating income of $688 million and grew book value per share by almost 4%, and 8% year to date. Our operating ROE for the quarter was 13.8%.
"For the industry, this was an active quarter for natural catastrophes in the U.S., and for ACE, our total catastrophe losses were double the amount from the prior year. I believe our combined ratio of 89.7% speaks to our risk management, balance of operations, overall reserve strength and underlying underwriting performance.
"Slow economic recovery in the major developed economies of the United States, Europe and Japan and competitive global insurance markets impacted total premium growth, and I expect these conditions will be with us for some time. However, we continue to identify and realize opportunities for profitable growth as a result of our on-the-ground local presence globally and a broad specialty-oriented product capability.
"We are affirming the guidance we provided in January, which was $6.25 - $6.75 per share of operating income, and now expect to be at the top end of the range."
Operating highlights for the quarter ended June 30, 2010, were as follows
(1):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Details of our financial results for our business segments are available in the ACE Limited Financial Supplement. Key segment items for the quarter ended June 30, 2010, include:
 
 
 
 
Please refer to the ACE Limited Financial Supplement dated June 30, 2010, which is posted on the company's website in the Investor Information section, and access Financial Reports for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, investment portfolio, and capital structure. The URL reference is: .
http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/irol/10/100907/fin_supp_june 30 2010.xls
ACE will host its second quarter earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday, July 28, 2010, beginning at 8:30 a.m. ET. The earnings conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 888-428-9507 (within the United States) or 719-325-2192 (international); passcode 6802447. Please refer to the ACE Limited website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available for approximately one month. To listen to the replay, dial: 888-203-1112 (in the United States) or 719-457-0820 (international); passcode 6802447.
www.acelimited.com
Celebrating 25 years of insuring progress, the ACE Group is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited (NYSE:ACE), a component of the S&P 500 stock index, the ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at:
www.acelimited.com
 
 
is a common performance measurement for insurance companies. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in Other income (expense) related to partially-owned entities because the amounts of these gains (losses) do not relate to their respective operations.
Operating Income or Income excluding net realized gains (losses), net of tax
 
is calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, policy benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting income and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including net investment income, other income (expense), interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses). Life underwriting income includes net investment income. We believe the use of these measures enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
Underwriting income
See reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on page 26 in the Financial Supplement. These measures should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
 
NM  not meaningful comparison
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:
Forward-looking statements made in this press release, such as those related to guidance, economic outlook, insurance market conditions, and company performance reflect the company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the company's forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, integration activities and performance of acquired companies, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments and actual settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war, and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated Constant Dollar
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
Life
 
 
 
 
 
 
Variable Annuity (VA) Lines
Historical Cash Flow Summary by Quarter
 
Death Benefits (GMDB)
 
 
Amounts represent accrued past premium received and claims paid by quarter, split by benefit type.
 
Death Benefits (GMDB)
 
Premiums and claims from VA contracts reinsuring Guaranteed Minimum Death Benefits (GMDB).
 
At current market levels we expect approximately $143 million of claims and $94 million of premium on death benefits over the next 12 months.
 
Living Benefits (Includes GMIB and GMAB)
 
Premiums and claims from VA contracts reinsuring Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefits (GMIB) and Guaranteed Minimum Accumulation Benefits (GMAB), collectively known as Living Benefits.
 
At current market levels we expect approximately $1 million of claims and $150 million of premium on living benefits over the next 12 months.
 
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Market Value at June 30, 2010
 
 
total $11.9 billion, are rated predominantly AAA and comprise 25% of the fixed income portfolio. This compares to a 37% mortgage-backed weighting in representative indices of the U.S. fixed income market. The minimum rating for initial purchases of mortgage-backed securities is AAA.
Mortgage-backed securities
 
with implied or explicit government guarantees total $9.1 billion and represent 87% of the residential mortgage-backed portfolio.
Securities issued by Federal agencies
 
are backed by prime collateral, and broadly diversified in over 240,000 loans. The portfolio's loan-to-value ratio is approximately 70% with an average FICO score of 730. With this conservative loan-to-value ratio and subordinated collateral of 13%, the cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate would have to rise to 20% and real estate values would have to fall 19% from their current levels before principal is impaired. The current foreclosure rate of ACE's non-agency RMBS portfolio is 9%.
Non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities
 
of $1.5 billion are rated predominantly AAA, broadly diversified with over 18,500 loans and seasoned with 85% of the portfolio issued before 2006. The average loan-to-value ratio is approximately 66% with a debt service coverage ratio in excess of 1.7 and weighted average subordinated collateral of 33%. The cumulative foreclosure rate would have to rise to 41% and commercial real estate values would have to fall more than 10% from their current levels before principal is impaired. The current foreclosure rate of the portfolio is about 2%.
Commercial mortgage-backed securities
 
 
Mortgage-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Amortized Cost at June 30, 2010
 
 
 
U.S. Investment Grade Corporate and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolios
Market Value at June 30, 2010
 
 
U.S. Investment Grade Corporate Fixed Income Portfolio
 
The average credit quality of ACE's US investment grade bond portfolio is very high at AA.
 
ACE prohibits investments in complex structured securities (e.g. CDOs, CLOs) and over-the-counter derivatives and does not permit the use of portfolio leverage.
 
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
 
 
Below Investment Grade Corporate and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolios
Market Value at June 30, 2010
 
 
Below Investment Grade Corporate Fixed Income Portfolio
 
ACE manages high yield bonds as a distinct and separate asset class from investment grade bonds. ACE's allocation to high yield bonds is explicitly set by internal management and is targeted to securities in the upper tier of credit quality (BB/B). Our minimum rating for initial purchase is BB/B.
 
Five external investment managers are responsible for high yield security selection and portfolio construction.
 
ACE's high yield managers have a conservative approach to credit selection and very low historical default experience.
 
Securities holdings are highly diversified across industries and are subject to a 1.5% issuer limit as a percentage of high yield allocation. The portfolio comprises over 500 issuers with our largest current issuer exposure at $78 million. ACE monitors position limits on a daily basis through an internal compliance system.
 
Derivative and structured securities (e.g. credit default swaps, CLOs) are not permitted in high yield portfolios.
 
 
Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio
Market Value at June 30, 2010
 
 
Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio
 
ACE's non-U.S. investment grade fixed income portfolios are currency-matched with the insurance liabilities of ACE's non-U.S. operations. 87% of ACE's non-U.S. fixed income is denominated in G7 currencies.
 
Average credit quality of non-U.S. fixed income securities is very high at AA and 53% of holdings are rated AAA or guaranteed by governments or quasi-government agencies.
 
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
 
 
Investment portfolio
Top 25 Exposures - Fixed Maturity Investments
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
June 30, 2010
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
 
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations. However, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). A reconciliation of book value per common share is provided on the next page.
 
In presenting our segment operating results, we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, policy benefits, policy acquisition costs, and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense, and net realized gains (losses).
 
The following non-GAAP measure is a common performance measurement and is defined as income excluding net realized gains (losses) and the related tax expense (benefit). We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in other income (expense) related to partially owned entities because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with GAAP.
 
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Common Share
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 
 
 
 
 
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) divided by average shareholders' equity for the period excluding unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
Shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per common share:
 
Combined Insurance Company of America, acquired April 1, 2008.
Combined Insurance:
 
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio excluding life business. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
 
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income excluding net realized gains (losses).
Effective tax rate:
 
Unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity.
Topic 320:
 
A group of seven industrialized nations including Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, United Kingdom, and the United States.
G7:
 
Net premiums earned and net investment income less policy benefits, acquisition costs, and administrative expenses.
Life underwriting income:
 
Not meaningful.
NM:
 
Shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per common share:
 
Total capitalization less goodwill and other intangible assets.
Tangible capital:
 
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20100812163444.txt.gz
TIME:20100812163444
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On August 12, 2010, the Board of Directors amended Sections 7.5, 9.5 and 11.5 of the Company's Organizational Regulations to reflect revisions to the duties and responsibilities of the Compensation Committee, the Finance and Investment Committee and the Risk Committee. A copy of the amended and restated Organizational Regulations is attached hereto as Exhibit 3 and incorporated herein by reference.
 
(d) Exhibits
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: August 12, 2010
 

Exhibit 3
Contents
 
 
 
 
The board of directors of ACE Limited, Switzerland, ("") issues the following organizational regulations ("") based on art. 716b CO and art. 19 of the articles of association of ACE Limited ("").
Company
Organizational Regulations
Articles of Association
 
The Organizational Regulations define the organization and responsibilities of the executive bodies, i.e. the board of directors and its members (""), its committees and its chairman, the delegate of the board of directors and the chief executive officer as well as the executive management of the Company and its subsidiaries (together with the Company the ""). They implement and supplement applicable law and the Articles of Association by establishing binding rules regarding the organization of the Group and its overall management.
Board Members
Group
 
The executive bodies of the Company are:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors is entitled to pass resolutions on all matters which are not delegated to, or reserved for, the shareholders meeting or another body of the Company by law, the Articles of Association or the Organizational Regulations.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors has the following further powers and responsibilities with regard to the Company and the Group:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors delegates the management of the Company and the Group to the Chief Executive Officer and the other members of the Executive Management as provided for by these Organizational Regulations.
Board Members will have complete and open access to the Chief Executive Officer, chief financial officer, general counsel, chief compliance officer and the head of internal audit.
 
The Board of Directors shall elect a Chairman as well as a Lead Director (who also acts as vice-chairman) from amongst its members. The Chairman may also be appointed as the Chief Executive Officer, i.e. the Delegate.
 
The Board of Directors shall appoint a Secretary (a person keeping the minutes and assisting in the preparation of board meetings) who need not to be a member of the Board of Directors.
 
 
 
 
In case of urgency shorter notice periods are permitted. If all Board Members are present and agree, deviations from these formal requirements are permitted; in particular, decisions can be taken that are not mentioned on the agenda.
Furthermore, these formal requirements do not have to be observed, if a meeting is only convened in order to record the implementation of a capital increase, to pass resolutions regarding the amendments of the Articles of Association entailed therewith and to adopt the report on the capital increase.
 
 
 
 
A quorum of Board Members shall not be required in order to record the implementation of a capital increase, to pass resolutions regarding the amendments of the Articles of Association entailed therewith and to adopt the report on the capital increase.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors shall submit nominations of new Board Members for election at the shareholders meeting that ensure an adequate size and well-balanced composition of the Board of Directors and further ensure that a majority of the Board Members are independent within applicable legal and stock exchange requirements.
 
 
 
The Chairman shall preside over the shareholders meeting. Together with the person keeping the minutes, he/she shall sign the minutes of the shareholders meeting.
The Chairman has the right to call in third parties as advisors in meetings of the Board of Directors.
 
 
If the Chairman of the Board of Directors is prevented from performing his/her duties, they shall be performed by the Lead Director.
 
The Board of Directors shall appoint a Lead Director, who shall have the following responsibilities, together with such others as the Board of Directors might from time to time specify:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Each Committee is constituted by a chairman and at least one further member, each appointed by the Board of Directors among its members.
 
The term of a membership in a Committee is one year upon appointment.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Audit Committee shall receive and review periodically, but not less than annually, a report of the Company's chief actuary on the Company's loss and loss expense reserves, including any reports of outside actuaries.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Meetings of the executive committee ("") are convened in accordance with Clause 5.4. Additionally, the Delegate and the Chief Executive Officer may request a meeting.
Executive Committee
 
In case of urgencies, the Executive Committee is to exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the ultimate management of the business and affairs of the Company between the meetings of the Board of Directors, except (a) as limited by Clause 2.1, the Company's Articles of Association, rules of the New York Stock Exchange or applicable law or regulation and (b) matters that are specifically reserved for another Committee of the Board of Directors.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Nominating and Governance Committee is to assist the Board of Directors in (1) identifying individuals qualified to become Board Members, and recommending to the Board Members nominees for the next annual general shareholders meeting or to fill vacancies; and (2) developing and recommending to the Board of Directors corporate governance guidelines for the Group.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Risk Committee helps execute the Board's supervisory responsibilities pertaining to enterprise risk management. This includes (a)   evaluation of the integrity and effectiveness of the Company's enterprise risk management procedures and systems and information, (b) oversight of policy decisions pertaining to risk aggregation and minimization, including credit risk, and (c) assessment of the Company's major decisions and preparedness levels pertaining to perceived material risks.
cognitive
strategic 
tactical 
As an insurer, the Company is in the business of risk management for profit. As a result, enterprise risk management cannot be separated from the day-to-day management of the Company and its business. Because risk management must permeate an organization conducting insurance businesses around the world, the Company has established an enterprise risk management process that is integrated into its management structure and is led by the senior managers of the Company.
The mission of the Risk Committee of the Board of Directors is to understand, advise about, and oversee the Company's risk management process to assure that it functions correctly in all material respects. The goal is to assure that the process perceives risk well (cognition), has a reasonable and sound set of policies for setting parameters on risk (strategy), and, for specific material risks, has prepared itself to avoid or to mitigate outcomes that threaten the viability of the Company (tactics).
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Risk Committee shall consist of at least three directors, including a chairman, each selected by the Board, upon the recommendation of the Nominating & Governance Committee. Any committee member may be removed by the Board upon the recommendation of the Nominating & Governance Committee.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors may designate one or more additional committees, each such committee to consist of such person or persons as may be designated by the Board of Directors. Except as expressly limited by law or by the Company's Articles of Association or by resolution of the Board of Directors, any such committee shall have and may exercise such powers and adopt such procedures as the Board of Directors may determine and specify in the resolution designating such committee.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In case of urgency shorter notice periods are permitted. If all members of the Executive Management are present and agree, deviations from these formal requirements are permitted; in particular, decisions can be taken that are not mentioned on the agenda.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Group internal audit ("") shall examine and evaluate the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's internal control environment, and the quality of performance in carrying out assigned responsibilities to achieve the Group's goals and objectives.
Group Internal Audit
In fulfilling its responsibilities, Group Internal Audit shall:
 
 
 
 
 
The organizational structure of Group Internal Audit and resource requirements necessary for Group Internal Audit to perform its activities shall be defined by the head of Group Internal Audit and submitted to the Audit Committee for approval. The head of Group Internal Audit shall review and approve all new hires and terminations of staff.
 
Group Internal Audit shall adhere to the Group's guidelines and procedures and Group Internal Audit's organization and processes manuals and guidelines or to such other standards as required by applicable law or regulation.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board Members as well as all other executive bodies and employees are obliged to maintain secrecy towards third parties regarding all facts they obtain knowledge of during the performance of their duties. These duties of non-disclosure survive the termination of the relationship of the respective individual with the Company.
 
Upon termination of the relationship with the Company all business files must be returned with the exception of documents used by a Board Member to follow-up his/her own actions.
 
The business year of the Company starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December.
 
 
These Organizational Regulations shall enter into force on the date of adoption by the Board of Directors; be it in a meeting or by circular resolution.
 
These Organizational Regulations shall be reviewed and if necessary amended on a regular basis by the Board of Directors.
 
The Company shall indemnify, in accordance with and to the full extent now or hereafter permitted by law, any member of the Board of Directors or officer of the Company who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding (including, without limitation, an action by or in the right of the Company), by reason of his acting as a director or officer of the Company, against any liability or expense actually and reasonably incurred by such person in respect thereof. The Company shall advance the expenses of defending any such act, suit or proceeding in accordance with and to the full extent now or hereafter permitted by law. Such indemnification and advancement of expenses are not exclusive of any other right to indemnification or advancement of expenses provided by law or otherwise.
The Board of Directors may authorize the Company to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or
 
agent of another company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, or in a fiduciary or other capacity with respect to any employee benefit plan maintained by the Company, against any liability asserted against him and incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Article 19.
 
Zurich, Switzerland
August 12, 2010
The Chairman of the Board of Directors:
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20100914165447.txt.gz
TIME:20100914165447
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On September 14, 2010, ACE American Insurance Company, a Pennsylvania domestic stock insurance company ("ACE American") and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of ACE Limited ("ACE"), Raha Iowa Acquisition Corp., an Iowa corporation ("Merger Sub") and a wholly owned subsidiary of ACE American, and for certain limited purposes, ACE, entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement") with Rain and Hail Insurance Service, Inc., an Iowa corporation ("Rain & Hail") and Steve C. Harms, as the shareholders' representative, pursuant to which Merger Sub will be merged with and into Rain & Hail (the "Merger"), with Rain & Hail continuing as the surviving corporation and as a wholly owned subsidiary of ACE American. In the Merger, each outstanding share of common stock (the "Common Stock") of Rain & Hail (other than those shares of Common Stock held by ACE American or Rain & Hail or any of their respective wholly owned subsidiaries), will be converted into the right to receive cash. The aggregate value of the cash consideration payable in the Merger is approximately $1.1 billion, based upon current estimates of Rain & Hail's December 31, 2010 adjusted book value. ACE American currently owns approximately 20% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock.
The Merger is anticipated to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2010, subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions, including the expiration or termination of the Hart-Scott-Rodino waiting period and the approvals of certain regulatory authorities. The Merger Agreement also contains customary covenants and agreements, including, among other things, with respect to the operation of the business of Rain & Hail and its subsidiaries between the signing of the Merger Agreement and the closing of the Merger and restrictions on the solicitation of alternative acquisition proposals by Rain & Hail. In addition, the transaction is subject to approval by the holders of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. Approximately 35% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock are owned by Rain & Hail's employee stock ownership plan. Consummation of the Merger does not require the approval of ACE's shareholders and is not conditioned on receipt of financing by ACE.
The Merger Agreement contains customary representations and warranties. The representations and warranties contained in the Merger Agreement will generally survive until December 28, 2011. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, following the consummation of the Merger, ACE is entitled to indemnification for, among other things, breaches of representations and warranties subject to a deductible and an aggregate cap.
Either ACE or Rain & Hail may terminate the Merger Agreement if the closing does not occur by June 30, 2011. In connection with the termination of the Merger Agreement under specified circumstances, Rain & Hail will be required to pay ACE American a termination fee equal to $50 million.
In connection with the Merger Agreement, ACE American entered into support agreements with certain shareholders of Rain & Hail pursuant to which such shareholders have committed, among other things, to vote the shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by them, which represent, in the aggregate, approximately 17% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, in favor of the Merger.
The foregoing summary of the Merger Agreement and the Merger does not purport to be a complete description and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Merger Agreement, a copy of which will be filed as an exhibit to ACE's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending September 30, 2010.
 
On September 14, 2010, ACE issued a press release announcing the execution of the Merger Agreement referred to in Item 1.01 above. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 hereto.
 
(d) Exhibits.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: September 14, 2010

Exhibit 99.1
ZURICH  September 14, 2010  ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) announced today that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire all of the outstanding common stock of Rain and Hail Insurance Service, Inc. not currently owned by ACE for approximately $1.1 billion in cash. A pioneer in crop insurance that has served America's farmers since 1919, Rain and Hail, headquartered in Johnston, Iowa, is the second largest crop insurance underwriter, providing comprehensive multiple peril crop and crop-hail insurance protection to customers in the U.S. and Canada.
ACE currently owns approximately 20% of the outstanding common stock of Rain and Hail, which will continue to operate as a separate and distinct franchise within the company's ACE Westchester division and Insurance-North America operations.
"This transaction is a natural extension of our long-term, valued relationship with Rain and Hail and our company's specialty lines focus," said Evan G. Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, ACE Limited. "Rain and Hail is a leader in the crop insurance business, and over the course of our relationship with them, we have been impressed by their best-in-class management team and the strength and reputation of their franchise across North America.
"The addition of Rain and Hail to the ACE Group is financially attractive to our shareholders and will produce results that are immediately accretive to our earnings, return on equity and book value per share," said Mr. Greenberg. "This is a business we know well, and we project a return on capital in excess of our 15% hurdle rate."
The transaction, which is subject to regulatory approvals, the approval of Rain and Hail shareholders and other customary conditions, is expected to be completed by the end of 2010. The purchase price is subject to adjustment to reflect the book value of Rain and Hail as of December 31, 2010. ACE expects to fund the merger consideration for the transaction with available cash. Additional information with respect to the transaction is posted on the Company's website in the Investor Information section. The URL reference is: http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/irol/10/100907/Sept2010.pdf.
Celebrating 25 years of insuring progress, the ACE Group is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE), a component of the S&P 500 stock index, the ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at: www.acegroup.com.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:
All forward-looking statements made in this press release, related to the anticipated acquisition of Rain and Hail Insurance Service, Inc. or otherwise, reflect ACE's current views with respect to future events, business transactions and business performance and are made pursuant to the
safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, ACE's forward-looking statements related to Rain and Hail Insurance Service, Inc. and the anticipated acquisition could prove incorrect if the transaction were to not close, if Rain and Hail Insurance Service, Inc. and its subsidiaries were to perform differently than currently expected by ACE or if anticipated expense-related efficiencies are not realized. More generally, the businesses of ACE and Rain and Hail Insurance Service, Inc. could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, integration activities and performance of acquired companies, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments and actual settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war, and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Contact Information
Investor Contact:
Helen M. Wilson
(441) 299-9283
helen.wilson@acegroup.com
Media Contact:
Stephen M. Wasdick
(212) 827-4444
stephen.wasdick@acegroup.com


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20101001165248.txt.gz
TIME:20101001165248
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At the company's 2010 annual general meeting, the company's shareholders approved a dividend in the form of a par value reduction payable in four quarterly installments. The dividend approval provides for an annual par value reduction of 1.44 Swiss francs (CHF), which was equal to US$1.32 per share, or $0.33 per quarter, at the time of the annual general meeting. The actual CHF amount for each installment, however, will be adjusted up or down to equal $0.33 near the time of payment, subject to an aggregate cap for the four installments of CHF 2.16, as further described in the company's proxy statement dated April 5, 2010.
For the second of such installments, in accordance with the shareholder approval, the par value reduction amount was fixed at CHF 0.32 based on the published USD/CHF exchange rate of 0.9841 on September 28, 2010. To accomplish such installment, the company adjusted its Articles of Association (a) on September 29, 2010 to reflect the number of shares issued out of conditional share capital since July 23, 2010, and (b) on October 1, 2010 to confirm the par value reduction of CHF 0.32. The company's amended and restated Articles of Association became effective upon registration in the daily register of the commercial register of the Canton of Zurich, Switzerland on October 1, 2010 and, as a result, the company's par value is CHF 30.89 as of such date.
Accordingly, the dividend scheduled for payment on October 22, 2010 will be paid to the company's shareholders of record at the close of business on October 1, 2010, as anticipated. A copy of the amended and restated Articles of Association is attached hereto as Exhibit 3 and incorporated herein by reference.
(d) Exhibits
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: October 1, 2010

Exhibit 3
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20101027171211.txt.gz
TIME:20101027171211
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On October 27, 2010, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its third quarter 2010 results and the availability of its third quarter 2010 financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: October 27, 2010
 
 

 
Exhibit 99.1
 
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
 
 
 ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported net income for the quarter ended September 30, 2010, of $1.97 per share, compared with $1.46 per share for the same quarter last year.
ZURICH, October 27, 2010
(1)
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) was $2.01 per share, compared with $2.07 per share for the same quarter last year.
(
2
)
Book value increased $1.4 billion during the quarter, up 7% from June 30, 2010. Book value per share now stands at $67.34. Annualized operating return on average equity for the quarter was 13.4%.
(
3
)
The property and casualty (P&C) combined ratio for the quarter was 88.4%.
 
 
 
Net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2010, was $6.18 per share, compared with $4.73 per share for 2009. For the nine months ended September 30, 2010, income excluding net realized gains (losses) was $5.73 per share, compared with $6.16 per share for 2009. Book value increased $3.2 billion, up 16% during the nine months ended September 30, 2010. The P&C combined ratio for the nine months ended September 30, 2010, was 90.2%.
 
 
 
Evan G. Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "ACE had a very strong third quarter with good earnings contributions from all of our principal businesses. Our book value per share grew 7% in the quarter and is up 15% for the year. For the quarter, after-tax operating income was $688 million while our P&C combined ratio was 88.4%. Our annualized operating ROE was over 13% for the quarter and nine months.
 
"In the quarter and in recent days we made a number of announcements related to acquisitions we are making to advance our strategies around the globe. Rain and Hail, the premier crop insurer in the United States; Jerneh Insurance Berhad, a Malaysian P&C company; and the Hong Kong and Korea life insurance operations of New York Life illustrate our focus on growing our P&C specialty business, expanding our non-life and life presence in the Asia region and complementing our organic growth with acquisitions  all at attractive returns.
 
"Based on our strong results for nine months and positive outlook for the fourth quarter, we are raising our full-year 2010 operating earnings guidance from $6.25 to $6.75 per share to $7.20 to $7.40 per share."
 
Operating highlights for the quarter ended September 30, 2010, were as follows
(1):
 
 
 
Details of our financial results for our business segments are available in the ACE Limited Financial Supplement. Key segment items for the quarter ended September 30, 2010, include:
 
 
Please refer to the ACE Limited Financial Supplement dated September 30, 2010, which is posted on the company's website in the Investor Information section, and access Financial Reports for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, investment portfolio, and capital structure. The URL reference is: .
http://media.corporate-ir.net/media_files/irol/10/100907/fin_supp_sept 30 2010.xls
 
ACE will host its third quarter earnings conference call and webcast on Thursday, October 28, 2010, beginning at 8:30 a.m. ET. The earnings conference call will be available via live webcast at or by dialing 888-569-5033 (within the United States) or 719-325-2339 (international); passcode 1124217. Please refer to the ACE Limited website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available for approximately one month. To listen to the replay, dial: 888-203-1112 (in the United States) or 719-457-0820 (international); passcode 1124217.
www.acelimited.com
 
Celebrating 25 years of insuring progress, the ACE Group is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited (NYSE:ACE), the ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at:
www.acelimited.com
 
(
1
)
All comparisons are with the same period last year unless specifically stated.
(2)
Non-GAAP Financial Measures:
 
is a common performance measurement for insurance companies. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in Other income (expense) related to partially-owned entities because the amounts of these gains (losses) do not relate to their respective operations.
Operating Income or Income excluding net realized gains (losses), net of tax
 
is calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, policy benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting income and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without
Underwriting income
 
the impact of certain factors, including net investment income, other income (expense), interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses). Life underwriting income includes net investment income. We believe the use of these measures enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
 
See reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on page 26 in the financial supplement. These measures should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
(3)
Calculated using income excluding net realized gains (losses) divided by average shareholders' equity for the period excluding unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity. To annualize a quarterly rate, multiply by four.
(4)
Book value per common share is shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding. Tangible book value per common share is shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets divided by the shares outstanding.
NM  not meaningful comparison
 
:
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
 
Forward-looking statements made in this press release, such as those related to economic outlook and guidance, potential acquisitions, insurance market conditions, and company performance reflect the company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the company's forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, integration activities and performance of acquired companies, termination of one or more proposed acquisition transactions prior to consummation, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments and actual settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war, and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated Constant Dollar
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
 
Life
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Variable Annuity (VA) Lines
Historical Cash Flow Summary by Quarter
 
Death Benefits (GMDB)
 
 
Amounts represent accrued past premium received and claims paid by quarter, split by benefit type.
 
Death Benefits (GMDB)
 
Premiums and claims from VA contracts reinsuring Guaranteed Minimum Death Benefits (GMDB).
 
At current market levels we expect approximately $120 million of claims and $92 million of premium on death benefits over the next 12 months.
 
Living Benefits (Includes GMIB and GMAB)
 
Premiums and claims from VA contracts reinsuring Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefits (GMIB) and Guaranteed Minimum Accumulation Benefits (GMAB), collectively known as Living Benefits.
 
At current market levels we expect approximately $1 million of claims and $149 million of premium on living benefits over the next 12 months.
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Market Value at September 30, 2010
 
 
total $12.1 billion, are rated predominantly AAA and comprise 25% of the fixed income portfolio. This compares to a 36% mortgage-backed weighting in representative indices of the U.S. fixed income market. The minimum rating for initial purchases of mortgage-backed securities is AAA.
Mortgage-backed securities
 
with implied or explicit government guarantees total $9.3 billion and represent 88% of the residential mortgage-backed portfolio.
Securities issued by Federal agencies
 
are backed by prime collateral, and broadly diversified in over 230,000 loans. The portfolio's loan-to-value ratio is approximately 70% with an average FICO score of 730. With this conservative loan-to-value ratio and subordinated collateral of 13%, the cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate would have to rise to 19% and real estate values would have to fall 19% from their current levels before principal is impaired. The current foreclosure rate of ACE's non-agency RMBS portfolio is 8%.
Non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities
 
of $1.4 billion are rated predominantly AAA, broadly diversified with over 17,500 loans and seasoned with 83% of the portfolio issued before 2006. The average loan-to-value ratio is approximately 68% with a debt service coverage ratio in excess of 1.7 and weighted average subordinated collateral of 33%. The cumulative foreclosure rate would have to rise to 41% and commercial real estate values would have to fall more than 8% from their current levels before principal is impaired. The current foreclosure rate of the portfolio is about 2.5%.
Commercial mortgage-backed securities
 
 
 
Mortgage-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Amortized Cost at September 30, 2010
 
 
 
 
U.S. Investment Grade Corporate and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Market Value at September 30, 2010
 
 
U.S. Investment Grade Corporate Fixed Income Portfolio
 
The average credit quality of ACE's US investment grade bond portfolio is high at A.
 
ACE prohibits investments in complex structured securities (e.g. CDOs, CLOs) and over-the-counter derivatives and does not permit the use of portfolio leverage.
 
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
 
 
 
Below Investment Grade Corporate and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Market Value at September 30, 2010
 
 
Below Investment Grade Corporate Fixed Income Portfolio
 
ACE manages high yield bonds as a distinct and separate asset class from investment grade bonds. ACE's allocation to high yield bonds is explicitly set by internal management and is targeted to securities in the upper tier of credit quality (BB/B). Our minimum rating for initial purchase is BB/B.
 
Six external investment managers are responsible for high yield security selection and portfolio construction.
 
ACE's high yield managers have a conservative approach to credit selection and very low historical default experience.
 
Securities holdings are highly diversified across industries and are subject to a 1.5% issuer limit as a percentage of high yield allocation. The portfolio comprises over 600 issuers with our largest current issuer exposure at $76 million. ACE monitors position limits on a daily basis through an internal compliance system.
 
Derivative and structured securities (e.g. credit default swaps, CLOs) are not permitted in high yield portfolios.
 
 
 
Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio
Market Value at September 30, 2010
 
 
Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio
 
ACE's non-U.S. investment grade fixed income portfolios are currency-matched with the insurance liabilities of ACE's non-U.S. operations. 87% of ACE's non-U.S. fixed income is denominated in G7 currencies.
 
Average credit quality of non-U.S. fixed income securities is very high at AA and 53% of holdings are rated AAA or guaranteed by governments or quasi-government agencies.
 
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
 
 
 
Investment portfolio
Top 25 Exposures - Fixed Maturity Investments
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
September 30, 2010
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
 
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations. However, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). A reconciliation of book value per common share is provided on the next page.
 
In presenting our segment operating results, we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, policy benefits, policy acquisition costs, and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense, and net realized gains (losses).
 
The following non-GAAP measure is a common performance measurement and is defined as income excluding net realized gains (losses) and the related tax expense (benefit). We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in other income (expense) related to partially owned entities because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with GAAP.
 
 
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Common Share
 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 
 
 
 
 
 
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) divided by average shareholders' equity for the period excluding unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
Shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per common share:
 
Combined Insurance Company of America, acquired April 1, 2008.
Combined Insurance:
 
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio excluding life business. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
 
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income excluding net realized gains (losses).
Effective tax rate:
 
A group of seven industrialized nations including Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, United Kingdom, and the United States.
G7:
 
Net premiums earned and net investment income less policy benefits, acquisition costs, and administrative expenses.
Life underwriting income:
 
Not meaningful.
NM:
 
Shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per common share:
 
Total capitalization less goodwill and other intangible assets.
Tangible capital:
 
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20101123092711.txt.gz
TIME:20101123092711
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
     Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
     Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
o
     Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
o
     Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
o
 
 
 
Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.
     On November 18, 2010, ACE INA Holdings Inc. agreed to sell in a public offering $700 million of 2.60% Senior Notes due 2015. The notes will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by ACE Limited.
     Attached as Exhibits 1.1 and 1.2 are copies of the underwriting agreement and terms agreement relating to such public offering. Attached as Exhibit 4.1 is the form of the note.
Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.
     (d) Exhibits.
 
     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
DATE: November 23, 2010

Exhibit 1.1
Execution Copy
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
November 18, 2010
Ladies and Gentlemen:
     ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), proposes to issue and sell up to $700,000,000 aggregate initial public offering price, or its equivalent based on the applicable exchange rate at the time of offering in such foreign or composite currencies as the Company shall designate at the time of offering, of its senior or subordinated debt securities (the "Debt Securities"), from time to time, in or pursuant to one or more offerings on terms to be determined at the time of sale. The Debt Securities will be unconditionally guaranteed as to payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest by ACE Limited, a Swiss company (the "Guarantor").
     The Debt Securities will be issued in one or more series as senior indebtedness (the "Senior Debt Securities") under an indenture, dated as of August 1, 1999 (the "Senior Indenture"), among the Company, the Guarantor and The Bank of New York Mellon (formerly known as The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., as successor to J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association and The First National Bank of Chicago), as trustee (the "Senior Trustee"), or as subordinated indebtedness (the "Subordinated Debt Securities") under an indenture (the "Subordinated Indenture", and collectively with the Senior Indenture, the "Indentures", and each, an "Indenture"), dated as of December 1, 1999 among the Company, the Guarantor and J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the "Subordinated Trustee", and collectively with the Senior Trustee, the "Trustees", and each, a "Trustee"). Each series of Debt Securities may vary, as applicable, as to title, aggregate principal amount, rank, interest rate or formula and timing of payments thereof, stated maturity date, redemption and/or repayment provisions, sinking fund requirements, conversion or exchange provisions and any other variable terms established by or pursuant to the applicable Indenture.
     Whenever the Company determines to make an offering of Debt Securities, the Company and the Guarantor will enter into an agreement (each, a "Terms Agreement") providing for the sale of such Debt Securities to, and the purchase and offering thereof by, the underwriters specified in the Terms Agreement (the "Underwriters", which term shall include any Underwriter substituted pursuant to Section 10 hereof). The Terms Agreement relating to the
 
offering of Debt Securities shall specify the aggregate principal amount of Debt Securities to be issued (the "Underwritten Securities"), the name of each Underwriter participating in such offering (subject to substitution as provided in Section 10 hereof) and the name of any Underwriter acting as co-manager in connection with such offering, the aggregate principal amount of Underwritten Securities that each such Underwriter severally agrees to purchase, whether such offering is on a fixed or variable price basis and, if on a fixed price basis, the initial offering price, the price at which the Underwritten Securities are to be purchased by the Underwriters, the form, time, date and place of delivery and payment of the Underwritten Securities and any other material variable terms of the Underwritten Securities. The Terms Agreement, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, may take the form of an exchange of any standard form of written telecommunication between the Company and one or more of the Underwriters, acting for themselves and, if applicable, as representative(s) of any other Underwriters. Each offering of Underwritten Securities will be governed by this Underwriting Agreement, as supplemented by the applicable Terms Agreement. As used herein, the term "Representative(s)" means, with respect to any offering of Debt Securities, any Underwriter(s) specified as the representative(s) of the Underwriters of such offering in the applicable Terms Agreement and if none is so designated, it means the Underwriters.
     The Company and the Guarantor have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") a joint automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-156143), for the registration of the Debt Securities and the guarantee thereof of the Guarantor (the "Guarantee") under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "1933 Act"), and the offering thereof from time to time in accordance with Rule 415 of the rules and regulations of the Commission under the 1933 Act (the "1933 Act Regulations"). Such registration statement became effective automatically upon filing on December 15, 2008, each Indenture has been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the "1939 Act"), and the Company and the Guarantor have filed such post-effective amendments to such registration statement as may be required prior to the execution of the applicable Terms Agreement and each such post-effective amendment became effective automatically upon filing with the Commission. At any given time, such registration statement (as so amended, if applicable, to such time), including any required information deemed to be a part thereof at such time pursuant to Rule 430B under the 1933 Act (the "Rule 430B Information"), is referred to herein as the "Registration Statement"; and the final base prospectus or prospectuses and the final prospectus supplement relating to the offering of the Underwritten Securities, in the form first furnished to the Underwriters by the Company and the Guarantor for use in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities, are collectively referred to herein as the "Prospectus"; provided, however, that at any given time references to the "Registration Statement" and the "Prospectus" shall also be deemed to include all documents incorporated therein by reference pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "1934 Act"), as of, in the case of the Registration Statement, such given date, or, in the case of the Prospectus, as of the date of the Prospectus. A "preliminary prospectus" shall be deemed to refer to any prospectus used before the Registration Statement became effective and any prospectus that omitted information to be included upon pricing in a form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the 1933 Act Regulations and was used after such effectiveness and prior to the relevant Applicable Time (as defined in the applicable Terms Agreement), including in each case any base prospectus so used and the documents incorporated by reference therein. For purposes of this Underwriting Agreement, all references to the Registration Statement, Prospectus or
 
preliminary prospectus or to any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing shall be deemed to include any copy filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval (also known as Interactive Data Electronic Applications) system ("EDGAR").
     The term "Disclosure Package" shall mean (i) each preliminary prospectus, as amended or supplemented, used in connection with the offer of the Underwritten Securities, (ii) the issuer free writing prospectuses as defined in Rule 433 of the Securities Act (each, an "Issuer Free Writing Prospectus"), if any, (iii) any other free writing prospectus that the parties hereto shall hereafter expressly agree in writing to treat as part of the Disclosure Package and (iv) the Final Term Sheet (as defined herein), which shall be identified in Schedule I to the applicable Terms Agreement.
     All references in this Underwriting Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information which is, at a given time, "contained," "included" or "stated" (or other references of like import) in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and schedules and other information which is incorporated by reference or deemed to be included in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus, as the case may be, as of, in the case of the Registration Statement, such given time, or, in the case of the Prospectus, the date of the Prospectus, or, in the case of a preliminary prospectus, the relevant Applicable Time; and all references in this Underwriting Agreement to amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus shall be deemed, at a given time, to mean and include the filing of any document under 1934 Act or the 1933 Act which is incorporated by reference or deemed to be included in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus, as the case may be, after, in the case of the Registration Statement, such given time, or, in the case of the Prospectus, the date of the Prospectus, or, in the case of a preliminary prospectus, the relevant Applicable Time.
     SECTION 1. .
Representations and Warranties
     (a) The Company and the Guarantor represent and warrant to each Underwriter named in the applicable Terms Agreement, as of the date thereof, as of the Applicable Time and as of the Closing Time (as defined below) (in each case, a "Representation Date"), as follows:
Representations and Warranties by the Company and the Guarantor.
     (1) . (i) At the time of filing the Registration Statement, (ii) at the time of the most recent amendment thereto for the purposes of complying with Section 10(a)(3) of the 1933 Act (whether such amendment was by post-effective amendment, incorporated report filed pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act or form of prospectus) and (iii) at the execution time of each of this Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement (with each such date being used as the determination date for purposes of this clause (iii)), each of the Company and the Guarantor was and is a "well known seasoned issuer" as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Act. The Registration Statement is an "automatic shelf registration statement", as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Act, neither the Company nor the Guarantor has received from the Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of
Compliance with Registration Requirements; Disclosure
 
the 1933 Act objecting to use of the automatic shelf registration statement form and neither the Company nor the Guarantor has otherwise ceased to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration statement form.
     (i) At the earliest time after the filing of the Registration Statement relating to the Underwritten Securities that the Company, the Guarantor or another offering participant made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) of the 1933 Act) and (ii) as of the date of the execution and delivery of each of this Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement (with each such date being used as the determination date for purposes of this clause (ii)), neither the Company nor the Guarantor was or is an Ineligible Issuer (as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Act), without taking account of any determination by the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 of the 1933 Act that it is not necessary that either the Company or the Guarantor be considered an Ineligible Issuer.
     No stop order has been issued under the 1933 Act and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or the Guarantor, are contemplated by the Commission, and any request on the part of the Commission for additional information has been complied with. In addition, each Indenture has been duly qualified under the 1939 Act.
     At the respective times the Registration Statement became effective or was deemed effective with respect to the Underwriters pursuant to Rule 430B(f)(2) under the 1933 Act and at each Representation Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and the 1939 Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission under the 1939 Act (the "1939 Act Regulations") and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.
     At the date of the Prospectus and at the Closing Time, neither the Prospectus nor any amendments and supplements thereto included or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
     As of the Applicable Time, the Disclosure Package did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
     Neither any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus nor the Final Term Sheet, as of its issue date and at all subsequent times through the completion of the offering of the Underwritten Securities or until any earlier date that the Company or the Guarantor notified or notifies the Representatives as described in the next sentence, did not, does not and will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any preliminary prospectus, including any document incorporated by reference therein that has not been superseded or modified. If at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing
 
Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any preliminary prospectus, the Company has promptly notified or will promptly notify the Representatives and has promptly amended or supplemented or will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict.
     The Company has not distributed and will not distribute, prior to the later of the Closing Time and the completion of the Underwriters' distribution of the Underwritten Securities, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Underwritten Securities other than a preliminary prospectus, the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus reviewed and consented to by the Representatives and included in Schedule I to the applicable Terms Agreement or the Registration Statement.
     Notwithstanding the foregoing, the representations and warranties in this subsection shall not apply to statements in or omissions from the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company or the Guarantor in writing by any Underwriter through the Representative(s) expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus.
     To the Company's knowledge, the Registration Statement is not the subject of a pending proceeding or examination under Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the 1933 Act, nor is the Company or the Guarantor the subject of a pending proceeding under Section 8A of the 1933 Act in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities.
     Each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus filed as part of the Registration Statement as originally filed or as part of any amendment thereto, or filed pursuant to Rule 424 under the 1933 Act, complied when so filed in all material respects with the 1933 Act Regulations and each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with the offering of Underwritten Securities will, at the time of such delivery, be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.
     (2) . The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, at the time they were or hereafter are filed with the Commission, complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (the "1934 Act Regulations") and, when read together with the other information in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, at the Applicable Time or at the date of the Prospectus, as the case may be, and at the Closing Time, did not and will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
Incorporated Documents
     (3) . The accountants who certified or shall certify the financial statements and any supporting schedules thereto of the Guarantor included
Independent Accountants
 
in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus are independent public accountants with respect to the Guarantor and its subsidiaries as required by the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations.
     (4) . The financial statements of the Guarantor included in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, together with the related schedules and notes, as well as those financial statements, schedules and notes of any other entity included therein, present fairly the financial position of the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries, or such other entity, as the case may be, at the dates indicated and the statement of operations, stockholders' equity and cash flows of the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries, or such other entity, as the case may be, for the periods specified. Such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved, except as indicated therein or in the notes thereto. The supporting schedules, if any, included in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus present fairly in accordance with GAAP the information required to be stated therein. The selected financial data and the summary financial information, if any, included in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus present fairly the information shown therein and have been compiled on a basis consistent with that of the related audited financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.
Financial Statements
     (5) . Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except as otherwise stated therein (i) neither the Guarantor nor any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) has sustained any material loss or material interference with its business from any action, notice, order or decree from an insurance regulatory authority and (ii) there has been (A) no material adverse change in case reserves or losses or loss expense of the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries (including the Company) and (B) no material adverse change, nor any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business, or results of operations of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries (including the Company) considered as one enterprise, in either case whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business (a "Material Adverse Change").
No Material Adverse Change in Business
     (6) . The Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Guarantor and it has been duly incorporated and is subsisting and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under, or as contemplated under, this Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement. The Company is duly qualified to transact business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be
Good Standing of the Company; Place of Management
 
expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. The Company is domiciled and has its effective place of management outside Switzerland.
     (7) . The Guarantor has been duly incorporated for an unlimited duration and is validly existing as a company limited by shares () under the laws of Switzerland, with corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under, or as contemplated under, this Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement. The Guarantor is duly qualified to transact business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Valid Existence of the Guarantor
Aktiengesellschaft
     (8) . Each subsidiary of the Guarantor, other than such subsidiaries as would not, individually or in the aggregate, constitute a "significant subsidiary" as such term is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated under the 1933 Act (each, a "Significant Subsidiary") (including the Company) that is a corporation has been duly incorporated or organized and is an existing corporation in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, with corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; and each such Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor is duly qualified to transact business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of each such Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor has been duly authorized and validly issued and is fully paid and nonassessable; and all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of each such Significant Subsidiary is owned by the Guarantor, directly or through subsidiaries, except for de minimis shareholdings as required to comply with applicable law, and such capital stock is owned free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance, claim or equity (except for restrictions on transferability of the shares of insurance subsidiaries, under applicable law).
Good Standing of Corporate Subsidiaries
     (9) . Each Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor that is a partnership has been duly formed and is an existing partnership in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation, with power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; and each such Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the
Good Standing of Partnership Subsidiaries
 
failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; all of the outstanding equity interests of each such Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor have been duly authorized and validly issued; and all of the equity interests of each such Significant Subsidiary are owned by the Guarantor, directly or through subsidiaries, free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance, claim or equity (other than immaterial amounts necessary to comply with applicable law).
     (10) . If the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus contains a "Capitalization" section, the authorized, issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Guarantor are as set forth in the column entitled "Actual" under such section (except for subsequent issuances thereof, if any, pursuant to reservations, agreements or employee benefit plans or pursuant to the exercise of convertible securities or options). Such shares of capital stock have been duly authorized and validly issued by the Guarantor and are fully paid and non-assessable, and none of such shares of capital stock was issued in violation of preemptive or other similar rights of any securityholder of the Guarantor.
Capitalization
     (11) . This Underwriting Agreement has been, and the applicable Terms Agreement as of the date thereof will have been, duly authorized, executed and delivered by each of the Company and the Guarantor.
Authorization of this Underwriting Agreement and Terms Agreement
     (12) . The Underwritten Securities have been, or as of the date of the applicable Terms Agreement will have been, duly authorized by the Company for issuance and sale pursuant to this Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement. Such Underwritten Securities, when issued and authenticated in the manner provided for in the applicable Indenture and delivered against payment of the consideration therefor specified in such Terms Agreement, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), and except further as enforcement thereof may be limited by requirements that a claim with respect to any Underwritten Securities payable in a foreign or composite currency (or a foreign or composite currency judgment in respect of such claim) be converted into U.S. dollars at a rate of exchange prevailing on a date determined pursuant to applicable law or by governmental authority to limit, delay or prohibit the making of payments outside the United States. Such Underwritten Securities will be in the form contemplated by, and each registered holder thereof will be entitled to the benefits of, the applicable Indenture.
Authorization of Underwritten Securities
     (13) . The Guarantee has been, or as of the date of such Terms Agreement will have been, duly authorized by the Guarantor for issuance pursuant to this Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement. Such Guarantee, when issued and delivered in the manner provided for in the applicable
Authorization of Guarantee
 
Indenture, will constitute a valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor, enforceable against the Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), and will be in the form contemplated by, and entitled to the benefits of, the Indenture.
     (14) . The applicable Indenture has been, or prior to the issuance of the Debt Securities thereunder will have been, duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and the Guarantor and, upon such authorization, execution and delivery, will constitute a valid and binding agreement of the Company and the Guarantor, enforceable against each of them in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).
Authorization of the Indentures
     (15) . The Underwritten Securities being sold pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement, the Guarantee and each applicable Indenture, as of each Representation Date, will conform in all material respects to the statements relating thereto contained in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and will be in substantially the form filed or incorporated by reference, as the case may be, as an exhibit to the Registration Statement.
Descriptions of the Underwritten Securities, the Guarantee and the Indentures
     (16) . Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, under current laws and regulations of Switzerland and any political subdivision thereof, all interest payable on the Underwritten Securities may be paid by the Guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee to the holders thereof in United States dollars and freely transferred out of Switzerland and all such payments made to holders thereof or therein who are non-residents of Switzerland will not be subject to income, withholding or other taxes under laws and regulations of Switzerland or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein and will otherwise be free and clear of any other tax, duty, withholding or deduction in Switzerland or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein and without the necessity of obtaining any governmental authorization in Switzerland or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein.
Non-Taxation of Interest
     (17) . The description of the Guarantor's reserves and reserving methodology and assumptions described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus is accurate and fairly presents the information set forth therein in all material respects and, since the date of the latest financial statements included in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, no loss experience has developed which would require or make it appropriate for the Guarantor to alter or modify such methodology.
Reserves
 
     (18) . Neither the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is in violation of its charter or by-laws, partnership agreement or other constitutive documents or in default in the performance or observance of any obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan or credit agreement, note, lease or other agreement or instrument to which the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to which any of the assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is subject (collectively, "Agreements and Instruments"), except for such defaults that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. The execution, delivery and performance of this Underwriting Agreement, the applicable Terms Agreement and each applicable Indenture and any other agreement or instrument entered into or issued or to be entered into or issued by the Company or the Guarantor in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (including, without limitation, the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities, the issuance of the Guarantee, and the use of the proceeds from the sale of the Underwritten Securities, together with the Guarantee, as described under the caption "Use of Proceeds") and compliance by the Company and the Guarantor, as applicable, with their respective obligations hereunder and thereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and do not and will not, whether with or without the giving of notice or passage of time or both, conflict with or constitute a breach of, or default or Repayment Event (as defined below) under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) pursuant to, any Agreements and Instruments (except for such conflicts, breaches, defaults or Repayment Events or liens, charges or encumbrances that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change), nor will such action result in any violation of the provisions of the charter, by-laws, partnership agreement or other constitutive document of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) or, to the best of the Company's and the Guarantor's knowledge, any applicable law, statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ or decree of any government, government instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) or over any of the assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company), except for such violations under applicable law, statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ or decree as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. As used herein, a "Repayment Event" means any event or condition that gives the holder of any note, debenture or other evidence of indebtedness (or any person acting on such holder's behalf) the right to require the repurchase, redemption or repayment of all or a portion of such indebtedness by the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company).
Absence of Defaults and Conflicts
     (19) . There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or brought by any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign, now pending, or to the knowledge of the Company or the Guarantor
Absence of Proceedings
 
threatened or contemplated, against or affecting the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) that is required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus (other than as stated therein), or that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, or that would reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the ability of the Company or the Guarantor to perform its obligations under this Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement.
     (20) . There are no contracts or documents that are required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, the Prospectus or the documents incorporated by reference therein or to be filed as exhibits thereto that have not been so described and filed as required.
Accuracy of Exhibits
     (21) . No consent, approval, authorization, or order of, or filing with, any governmental agency or body or any court, domestic or foreign, is required for the due authorization, execution or delivery by the Company or the Guarantor of this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement or for the performance by the Company or the Guarantor of the transactions contemplated under the Prospectus, this Underwriting Agreement, such Terms Agreement or the applicable Indenture, as applicable, except such as have been obtained and made under the 1933 Act, such filing of the Prospectus as has been made with the Bermuda Registrar of Companies under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda and such as may be required under state securities laws.
Absence of Further Requirements
     (22) . The Guarantor and its subsidiaries (including the Company) possess such permits, licenses, approvals, consents and other authorizations (collectively, "Governmental Licenses") issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory agencies or bodies necessary to conduct the business now operated by them, except where the failure to so possess any such Governmental Licenses would not, singly or in aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. The Guarantor and its subsidiaries (including the Company) are in compliance with the terms and conditions of all such Governmental Licenses, except where the failure so to comply would not, singly or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. All of the Governmental Licenses are valid and in full force and effect, except where the invalidity of such Governmental Licenses or the failure of such Governmental Licenses to be in full force and effect would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. Neither the Guarantor nor any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such Governmental Licenses that, singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Possession of Licenses and Permits
     (23) . Each of the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries (including insurance holding companies) is duly registered, licensed or admitted as an insurer or an insurance holding company (as applicable) in each jurisdiction where it is required to be so licensed or admitted to conduct its business as presently conducted, except where the failure to be so registered, licensed or admitted would not reasonably be
Insurance Laws
 
expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; each of the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries has all other necessary authorizations, approvals, orders, certificates and permits, of and from, and has made all declarations and filings with, all insurance authorities, commissions or other insurance regulatory bodies to conduct their respective businesses as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except for where the failure to have such authorizations, approvals, orders, certificates and permits, or to make such declarations and filings, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; all of such authorizations, approvals, orders, certificates and permits are in full force and effect, except where the failure to be in full force and effect would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and neither the Guarantor nor its insurance subsidiaries has received any notification from any insurance authority, commission or other insurance regulatory body to the effect that any additional authorization, approval, order, license, certificate or permit from such authority, commission or body is needed to be obtained by any of the Guarantor or its insurance subsidiaries, except for any authorization, approval, order, license, certificate or permit from any such authority, commission or body the failure of which to obtain, singly or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
     Each of the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries is in compliance with all applicable insurance statutes and regulations and has filed all reports, documents or other information required to be filed under such statutes and regulations, except where the failure to comply or file would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and each of the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries is in compliance with the insurance laws and regulations of other jurisdictions which are applicable to the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries (as the case may be), except where the failure to comply would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
     (24) . Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, no authorization, approval or consent of any governmental authority or agency is required (other than any license as an insurer or insurance holding company and other than those that have already been obtained) under the laws of any jurisdiction in which the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) conduct their respective businesses in connection with the ownership, directly or indirectly, by the Guarantor of equity interests in any subsidiary (including the Company) or the repatriation of any amount from or to the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company), except to the extent that the failure to obtain such authorization, approval or consent would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Governmental Authorization
     (25) . The Underwritten Securities, upon issuance, will be excluded or exempted under, or beyond the purview of, the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the "Commodity Exchange Act"), and the rules and regulations of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the Commodity Exchange Act (the "Commodity Exchange Act Regulations").
Commodity Exchange Act
     (26) . The Company and the Guarantor are not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities as herein contemplated and the
Investment Company Act
 
application of the net proceeds therefrom as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus they will not be, an "investment company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act").
     (27) . The Guarantor maintains a system of internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company's principal executive officer and principal financial officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Guarantor's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of the end of the quarter ended December 31, 2006, and the Guarantor was not aware of any material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting at such time.
Internal Controls and Procedures
     (b) Any certificate signed by any officer of the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries and delivered to the Representative(s) or to counsel for the Underwriters in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company, the Guarantor or such subsidiary, as the case may be, to each Underwriter as to the matters covered thereby on the date of such certificate and, unless subsequently amended or supplemented, at each Representation Date subsequent thereto.
Officers' Certificates.
     SECTION 2. .
Sale and Delivery to Underwriters; Closing
     (a) The several commitments of the Underwriters to purchase the Underwritten Securities pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement shall be deemed to have been made on the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained and shall be subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth.
Underwritten Securities.
     (b) Payment of the purchase price for, and delivery of, the Underwritten Securities shall be made at the offices of Sidley Austin , 787 Seventh Avenue, New York, New York 10019, or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Representative(s) and the Company, at 9:00 A.M. (Eastern time) on the third (fourth, if the pricing occurs after 4:30 P.M. (Eastern time) on any given day) business day after the date of the applicable Terms Agreement (unless postponed in accordance with the provisions of Section 10 hereof), or such other time not later than ten business days after such date as shall be agreed upon by the Representative(s) and the Company (such time and date of payment and delivery being herein called "Closing Time").
Payment.
llp
     Payment shall be made to the Company by wire transfer of immediately available funds to a bank account designated by the Company, against delivery to the Representative(s) for the respective accounts of the Underwriters of the Underwritten Securities to be purchased by them. It is understood that each Underwriter has authorized the Representative(s), for its account, to accept delivery of, receipt for, and make payment of the purchase price for, the Underwritten Securities which it has severally agreed to purchase. Any Representative, individually and not as representative of the Underwriters, may (but shall not be obligated to) make payment of the purchase price for the Underwritten Securities to be purchased by any Underwriter whose funds
 
have not been received by the Closing Time, but such payment shall not relieve such Underwriter from its obligations hereunder.
     (c) If the Underwritten Securities are issued other than in book-entry form, certificates for the Underwritten Securities shall be in such denominations and registered in such names as the Representative(s) may request in writing at least one full business day prior to the Closing Time. If the Underwritten Securities are issued other than in book-entry form, certificates for the Underwritten Securities will be made available for examination and packaging by the Representative(s) in The City of New York not later than 10:00 A.M. (Eastern time) on the business day prior to the Closing Time.
Denominations; Registration.
     SECTION 3. . The Company and the Guarantor covenant with the Representative(s) and with each Underwriter participating in the offering of Underwritten Securities, as follows:
Covenants of the Company and the Guarantor
     (a)  The Company and the Guarantor, subject to Section 3(b), will comply with the requirements of Rule 430B of the 1933 Act Regulations, if and as applicable, and they will notify the Representative(s) immediately, and confirm the notice in writing, of (i) the filing and effectiveness of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or the filing of any supplement or amendment to the Prospectus, (ii) the receipt of any comments from the Commission, (iii) any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus or for additional information, (iv) the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any preliminary prospectus, or of the suspension of the qualification of the Underwritten Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of any proceedings for any of such purposes or of any examination pursuant to Section 8(e) of the 1933 Act concerning the Registration Statement and (v) if the Company or the Guarantor becomes the subject of a proceeding under Section 8A of the 1933 Act in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities. The Company and the Guarantor will effect the filings required under Rule 424(b) of the 1933 Act Regulations, in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)), and will take such steps as they deem necessary to ascertain promptly whether each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus transmitted for filing under Rule 424 was received for filing by the Commission and, in the event that it was not, they will promptly file such preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus. The Company and the Guarantor will make every reasonable effort to prevent the issuance of any stop order and, if any stop order is issued, to obtain the lifting thereof at the earliest possible moment. The Company and the Guarantor agree to pay the required Commission filing fees relating to the Underwritten Securities within the time required by Rule 456(b)(1) of the 1933 Act Regulations without regard to the proviso therein and otherwise in accordance with Rules 456(b) and 457(r) of the 1933 Act Regulations.
Compliance with Securities Regulations and Commission Requests; Payment of Filing Fees.
     (b) . The Company and the Guarantor will give the Representative(s) notice of their intention to file or prepare any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment, supplement or revision to either any preliminary prospectus or to the Prospectus, whether pursuant to the
Filing of Amendments and Exchange Act Documents; Preparation of Final Term Sheet
 
1933 Act, the 1934 Act or otherwise, and the Company and the Guarantor will furnish the Representative(s) with copies of any such documents a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing or use, as the case may be, and will give the Representative(s) a reasonable opportunity to comment on any such document prior to such proposed filing or use, as the case may be. The Company will prepare a final term sheet (the "Final Term Sheet") reflecting the final terms of the Underwritten Securities, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative(s) and attached as Schedule II to the applicable Terms Agreement, and shall file such Final Term Sheet as an "issuer free writing prospectus" pursuant to Rule 433 under the 1933 Act Regulations within the time required by such rule.
     (c) The Company and the Guarantor have furnished or will deliver to the Representative(s) and counsel for the Underwriters, without charge, signed copies of the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each amendment thereto (including exhibits filed therewith or incorporated by reference therein and documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein or deemed to be a part thereof) and signed copies of all consents and certificates of experts, and will also deliver to the Representative(s), without charge, a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each amendment thereto (without exhibits) for each of the Underwriters. The Registration Statement and each amendment thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.
Delivery of Registration Statements.
     (d) The Company and the Guarantor will deliver to each Underwriter, without charge, as many copies of each preliminary prospectus and each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus (as defined below) as such Underwriter may reasonably request, and the Company and the Guarantor hereby consent to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the 1933 Act. The Company and the Guarantor will furnish to each Underwriter, without charge, during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act, such number of copies of the Prospectus as such Underwriter may reasonably request. The Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.
Delivery of Prospectuses.
     (e) The Company and the Guarantor will comply with the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and the 1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Underwritten Securities as contemplated in this Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement and in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. If at any time when the Prospectus is required by the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act to be delivered in connection with sales of the Underwritten Securities, any event shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters or for the Company and the Guarantor, to amend the Registration Statement in order that the Registration Statement will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or to amend or supplement the Prospectus in order that the Prospectus will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading in the light of the circumstances existing at the time it is delivered to a purchaser, or if it shall be necessary, in the opinion of such
Continued Compliance with Securities Laws.
 
counsel, at any such time to amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement the Prospectus in order to comply with the requirements of the 1933 Act or the 1933 Act Regulations, the Company and the Guarantor will promptly prepare and file with the Commission, at its own expense, subject to Section 3(b), such amendment or supplement as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or to comply with such requirements, the Company and the Guarantor will use their best efforts to have such amendment declared effective as soon as practicable (if it is not automatically effective with respect to the Underwritten Securities), and the Company and the Guarantor will furnish to the Underwriters, without charge, such number of copies of such amendment or supplement as the Underwriters may reasonably request. Neither the Representatives' consent to, nor any Underwriters' delivery of, any such amendment or supplement shall constitute a waiver of any of the conditions set forth in Section 5. If at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or any preliminary prospectus or included or would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances prevailing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company and the Guarantor will promptly notify the Representative(s) and will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement or omission and will promptly file such amendment or supplement with the Commission.
     (f) The Company and the Guarantor will use their best efforts, in cooperation with the Underwriters, to qualify the Underwritten Securities for offering and sale under the applicable securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions (domestic or foreign) as the Representative(s) may designate and to maintain such qualifications in effect for a period of not less than one year from the date of the applicable Terms Agreement; provided, however, that the Company and the Guarantor shall not be obligated to file any general consent to service of process or to qualify as a foreign corporation or as a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which they are not so qualified or to subject themselves to taxation in respect of doing business in any jurisdiction in which they are not otherwise so subject. In each jurisdiction in which the Underwritten Securities have been so qualified, the Company and the Guarantor will file such statements and reports as may be required by the laws of such jurisdiction to continue such qualification in effect for a period of not less than one year from the date of such Terms Agreement.
Blue Sky Qualifications.
     (g) . The Guarantor and, to the extent separately required pursuant to Rule 158 under the 1933 Act, the Company will timely file such reports pursuant to the 1934 Act as are necessary in order to make generally available to its securityholders as soon as practicable an earnings statement for the purposes of, and to provide the benefits contemplated by, the last paragraph of Section 11(a) of the 1933 Act.
Earnings Statement
     (h) The Company will use the net proceeds received by it from the sale of the Underwritten Securities in the manner specified under "Use of Proceeds" in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. The Company will receive and use all of the proceeds from the offering exclusively outside Switzerland.
Use of Proceeds.
 
     (i) The Company and the Guarantor will use their best efforts to effect the listing of the Underwritten Securities, prior to the Closing Time, on any national securities exchange or quotation system if and as specified in the applicable Terms Agreement.
Listing.
     (j) Between the date of the applicable Terms Agreement and the Closing Time or such other date specified in such Terms Agreement, neither the Company nor the Guarantor will, without the prior written consent of the Representative(s), directly or indirectly, issue, sell, offer or contract to sell, grant any option for the sale of, or otherwise dispose of, the debt securities specified in such Terms Agreement.
Restriction on Sale of Debt Securities.
     (k) The Guarantor, during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act, will file all documents required to be filed with the Commission pursuant to the 1934 Act within the time periods required by the 1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations.
Reporting Requirements.
     (l) The Company and the Guarantor will jointly and severally indemnify and hold harmless the Underwriters against any documentary, stamp or similar issue tax, including any interest and penalties, on the creation, issue and sale of the Underwritten Securities and on the execution and delivery of this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement. All payments to be made by the Company or the Guarantor hereunder shall be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties or governmental charges whatsoever unless the Company or the Guarantor is compelled by law to deduct or withhold such taxes, duties or charges. In that event, the Company or the Guarantor shall pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received after such withholding or deduction shall equal the amounts that would have been received if no withholding or deduction had been made.
Documentary, Stamp or Similar Issue Taxes.
     (m) Each of the Company and the Guarantor represents that it has not made, and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Representative(s), it will not make, any offer relating to the Underwritten Securities that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute a "free writing prospectus" (as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Regulations) required to be filed by the Company or the Guarantor with the Commission or retained by the Company or the Guarantor under Rule 433 of the 1933 Act Regulations; provided that the prior written consent of the Representative(s) shall be deemed to have been given in respect of the free writing prospectuses listed in Schedule I to the applicable Terms Agreement. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Representative(s) is hereinafter referred to as a "Permitted Free Writing Prospectus". Each of the Company and the Guarantor agrees that (i) it has treated and will treat, as the case may be, each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and (ii) has complied and will comply, as the case may be, with the requirements of Rules 164 and 433 of the 1933 Act Regulations applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including in respect of timely filing with the Commission, legending and record keeping. Each of the Company and the Guarantor consents to the use by any Underwriter of a free writing prospectus that (a) is not an "issuer free writing prospectus" as defined in Rule 433, and (b) contains only (i) information describing the preliminary terms of the Underwritten Securities or their offering, (ii) information permitted by Rule 134 of the 1933 Act Regulations
Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses.
 
or (iii) information that describes the final terms of the Underwritten Securities or their offering and that is included in the Final Term Sheet
     (n) . If immediately prior to the third anniversary (the "Renewal Deadline") of the initial effective date of the Registration Statement, any of the Underwritten Securities remain unsold by the Underwriters, the Company and the Guarantor will prior to the Renewal Deadline file, if it has not already done so and is eligible to do so, a new automatic shelf registration statement relating to the Underwritten Securities, in a form satisfactory to the Representative(s). If the Company or the Guarantor is no longer eligible to file an automatic shelf registration statement, the Company and the Guarantor will prior to the Renewal Deadline, if it has not already done so, file a new shelf registration statement relating to the Underwritten Securities, in a form satisfactory to the Representative(s), and will use its best efforts to cause such registration statement to be declared effective within 60 days after the Renewal Deadline. The Company and the Guarantor will take all other action necessary or appropriate to permit the public offering and sale of the Underwritten Securities to continue as contemplated in the expired registration statement relating to the Underwritten Securities. References herein to the Registration Statement shall include such new automatic shelf registration statement or such new shelf registration statement, as the case may be.
Registration Statement Renewal Deadline
     (o) If at any time when Underwritten Securities remain unsold by the Underwriters either the Company or the Guarantor receives from the Commission a notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations or otherwise ceases to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration statement form, the Company or the Guarantor will (i) promptly notify the Representative(s), (ii) promptly file a new registration statement or post-effective amendment on the proper form relating to the Underwritten Securities, in a form satisfactory to the Representative(s), (iii) use its best efforts to cause such registration statement of post-effective amendment to be declared effective and (iv) promptly notify the Representative(s) of such effectiveness. The Company and the Guarantor will take all other action necessary or appropriate to permit the public offering and sale of the Underwritten Securities to continue as contemplated in the registration statement that was the subject of the Rule 401(g)(2) notice or for which the Company or the Guarantor has otherwise become ineligible. References herein to the Registration Statement shall include such new registration statement or post-effective amendment, as the case may be.
Notice of Inability to Use Automatic Shelf Registration Statement Form.
     SECTION 4. .
Payment of Expenses
     (a) The Company and the Guarantor will pay all expenses incidental to the performance of their obligations under this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement, including (i) the preparation, printing and filing of the Registration Statement (including financial statements and exhibits) as originally filed and of each amendment thereto, (ii) the preparation, printing and delivery to the Underwriters of this Underwriting Agreement, any Terms Agreement, any Agreement among Underwriters, the Indentures, and such other documents as may be required in connection with the offering, purchase, sale, issuance or delivery of the Underwritten Securities, (iii) the preparation, issuance and delivery of the Underwritten Securities and any certificates for the Underwritten Securities, to the Underwriters, including any transfer taxes and any stamp or other duties payable upon the sale, issuance or delivery of the Underwritten Securities to the Underwriters, (iv) the fees and disbursements of
Expenses.
 
the Company's and the Guarantor's counsel, accountants and other advisors or agents (including transfer agents and registrars), as well as the fees and disbursements of the Trustees, and their respective counsel, (v) the qualification of the Underwritten Securities under state securities laws in accordance with the provisions of Section 3(f) hereof, including filing fees and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters in connection therewith and in connection with the preparation, printing and delivery of the Blue Sky Survey, and any amendment thereto, (vi) the printing and delivery to the Underwriters and filing of copies of each preliminary prospectus, the Prospectus, any free writing prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, (vii) the fees charged by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations for the rating of the Underwritten Securities, if applicable, (viii) the fees and expenses incurred with respect to the listing of the Underwritten Securities, if applicable, and (ix) the filing fees incident to, and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Underwriters in connection with, the review, if any, by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (the "FINRA") of the terms of the sale of the Underwritten Securities.
     (b) If the applicable Terms Agreement is terminated by the Representative(s) in accordance with the provisions of Section 5 or Section 9(a)(i) or 9(a)(ii) hereof, the Company and the Guarantor shall reimburse the Underwriters for all of their out-of-pocket expenses, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters.
Termination of Agreement.
     SECTION 5. . The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Underwritten Securities pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement are subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company and the Guarantor contained in Section 1(a) hereof or in certificates of any officer of the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries delivered pursuant to the provisions hereof, to the performance by the Company and the Guarantor of their covenants and other obligations hereunder, and to the following further conditions:
Conditions of Underwriters' Obligations
     (a) The Registration Statement has become effective under the 1933 Act; no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued under the 1933 Act and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or be pending or threatened by the Commission; any request on the part of the Commission for additional information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of counsel to the Underwriters; no notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations shall have been received by the Company or the Guarantor objecting to the use of the automatic shelf registration statement form; the Registration Statement is not the subject of a pending proceeding or examination under Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the 1933 Act, and neither the Company nor the Guarantor is the subject of a pending proceeding under Section 8A of the 1933 Act in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities. Each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus shall have been filed with the Commission (including the information required by Rule 430B of the 1933 Act Regulations) in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) of the 1933 Act Regulations without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8) of the 1933 Act Regulations, or a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement containing the information required by such Rule 430B shall have been filed, and such post-effective amendment shall have become effective. The Final Term Sheet and any other material required to be filed by the Company or the Guarantor
Effectiveness of Registration Statement; No Objection from the FINRA; Filings.
 
pursuant to Rule 433(d) of the 1933 Act Regulations, shall have been filed with the Commission within the applicable time periods prescribed for such filings under such Rule 433.
     (b) . At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received the favorable opinions, each dated as of Closing Time, of Niederer Kraft & Frey AG, Swiss counsel for the Guarantor, Conyers Dill & Pearman, Bermuda Counsel for the Guarantor, the Guarantor's General Counsel, and Mayer Brown LLP, United States counsel for the Company and the Guarantor, in form and substance satisfactory to counsel for the Underwriters, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letters for each of the other Underwriters, to the effect set forth in: Exhibit B hereto with respect to the opinion of Niederer Kraft & Frey AG; Exhibit C hereto with respect to the opinion of Conyers Dill & Pearman; Exhibit D hereto with respect to the opinion of the Guarantor's General Counsel and Exhibit E hereto with respect to the opinion of Mayer Brown LLP, and, as to each opinion, to such further effect as the Underwriters may reasonably request.
Opinions of Counsel for Company and Guarantor
     (c) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received the favorable opinion, dated as of Closing Time, of Sidley Austin , counsel for the Underwriters, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriters, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letter for each of the other Underwriters. In giving such opinion, such counsel may rely, as to all matters governed by the laws of jurisdictions other than the law of the State of New York, the federal law of the United States and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, upon the opinions of counsel satisfactory to the Representative(s). Such counsel may also state that, insofar as such opinion involves factual matters, they have relied, to the extent they deem proper, upon certificates of officers of the Company, the Guarantor and their respective subsidiaries and certificates of public officials.
Opinion of Counsel for Underwriters.
llp
     (d) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received a certificate of the President or a Vice President of the Company and of the chief financial officer or chief accounting officer of the Company, dated as of Closing Time, to the effect that (i) there has not been, since the date of the applicable Terms Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, any material adverse change, or any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (ii) the representations and warranties of the Company in Section 1(a) are true and correct with the same force and effect as though expressly made at and as of the Closing Time, (iii) the Company has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to the Closing Time, and (iv) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted, are pending or, to the best of such officer's knowledge, are threatened by the Commission.
Company Officers' Certificate.
     (e) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received a certificate of either the Chairman, the President and Chief Executive Officer or the General Counsel and Secretary of the Guarantor and of either the chief financial officer, chief accounting officer or chief investment officer of the Guarantor, dated as of Closing Time, to the effect that, to the best of their knowledge and after reasonable investigation, (i) there has not
Guarantor Officers' Certificate.
 
been, since the date of the applicable Terms Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, any material adverse change, or any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business or results of operations of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (ii) the representations and warranties of the Guarantor in Section 1(a) are true and correct with the same force and effect as though expressly made at and as of the Closing Time, (iii) the Guarantor has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to the Closing Time, and (iv) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted, are pending or are threatened by the Commission.
     (f) At the time of the execution of the applicable Terms Agreement, the Representative(s) shall have received from Pricewaterhouse Coopers letters, each dated such date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative(s), together with signed or reproduced copies of such letters for each of the other Underwriters, containing statements and information of the type ordinarily included in accountants' "comfort letters" to underwriters with respect to the financial statements and certain financial information contained in the Registration Statement, the preliminary prospectus or prospectuses that are part of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.
Accountant's Comfort Letters.
llp
     (g) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received from Pricewaterhouse Coopers letters, each dated as of Closing Time, to the effect that they reaffirm the statements made in the letters furnished pursuant to subsection (f) of this Section 5, except that the specified date referred to shall be a date not more than three business days prior to the Closing Time.
Bring-down Comfort Letters.
llp
     (h) At Closing Time, the Underwritten Securities shall have the ratings accorded by any "nationally recognized statistical rating organization", as defined by the Commission for purposes of Rule 436(g)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations (each, a "Rating Organization"), if and as specified in the applicable Terms Agreement, and the Company and the Guarantor shall have delivered to the Representative(s) a letter, dated as of such date, from each such rating organization, or other evidence satisfactory to the Representative(s), confirming that the Underwritten Securities have such ratings. Since the time of execution of such Terms Agreement, there shall not have occurred a downgrading in, or withdrawal of, the rating assigned to the Underwritten Securities or any of the Guarantor's other securities or the Guarantor's financial strength or claims paying ability by any such Rating Organization, and no such Rating Organization shall have publicly announced that it has under surveillance or review with negative implications its rating of the Underwritten Securities or any of the Guarantor's other securities or the Guarantor's financial strength or claims paying ability.
Ratings.
     (i) At Closing Time, the Underwritten Securities shall have been approved for listing, subject only to official notice of issuance, on the securities exchanges, if any, specified in the applicable Terms Agreement.
Approval of Listing.
     (j) At Closing Time, counsel for the Underwriters shall have been furnished with such documents and opinions as they may require for the purpose of
Additional Documents.
 
enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities as herein contemplated, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the conditions, herein contained; and all proceedings taken by the Company and the Guarantor in connection with the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities and the Guarantee as herein contemplated shall be satisfactory in form and substance to the Representative(s) and counsel for the Underwriters.
     (k) If any condition specified in this Section 5 shall not have been fulfilled when and as required to be fulfilled, the applicable Terms Agreement may be terminated by the Representative(s) by notice to the Company and the Guarantor at any time at or prior to the Closing Time, and such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except as provided in Section 4 and except that Sections 1, 6, 7 and 8 shall survive any such termination and remain in full force and effect.
Termination of Terms Agreement.
     SECTION 6. .
Indemnification
     (a) The Company and the Guarantor agree to jointly and severally indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter and each person, if any, who controls any Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act as follows:
Indemnification of Underwriters.
     (1) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B Information deemed to be a part thereof, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact included in any preliminary prospectus, the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the information contained in the Final Term Sheet, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;
     (2) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, to the extent of the aggregate amount paid in settlement of any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission; provided that (subject to Section 6(d) below) any such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company and the Guarantor; and
     (3) against any and all expense whatsoever, as incurred (including the fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by the Representative(s)), reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue
 
statement or omission, to the extent that any such expense is not paid under (1) or (2) above;
, , that this indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense to the extent arising out of any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company or the Guarantor by any Underwriter through the Representative(s) expressly for use in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B Information deemed to be a part thereof or any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto).
provided
however
     (b) Each Underwriter severally and not jointly agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, the Guarantor, their respective directors, each of their respective officers who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company or the Guarantor within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the indemnity contained in subsection (a) of this Section, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions, made in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B Information deemed to be a part thereof or any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company or the Guarantor by such Underwriter through the Representative(s) expressly for use in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto) or such preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto).
Indemnification of Company, Guarantor, Directors and Officers.
     (c) Each indemnified party shall give notice as promptly as reasonably practicable to each indemnifying party of any action commenced against it in respect of which indemnity may be sought hereunder, but failure to so notify an indemnifying party shall not relieve such indemnifying party from any liability hereunder to the extent it is not materially prejudiced as a result thereof and in any event shall not relieve it from any liability which it may have otherwise than on account of this indemnity agreement. In the case of parties indemnified pursuant to Section 6(a) above, counsel to the indemnified parties shall be selected by the Representative(s), and, in the case of parties indemnified pursuant to Section 6(b) above, counsel to the indemnified parties shall be selected by the Guarantor. An indemnifying party may participate at its own expense in the defense of any such action; provided, however, that counsel to the indemnifying party shall not (except with the consent of the indemnified party) also be counsel to the indemnified party. In no event shall the indemnifying parties be liable for fees and expenses of more than one counsel (in addition to any local counsel) separate from their own counsel for all indemnified parties in connection with any one action or separate but similar or related actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified parties, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever in respect of which indemnification or contribution could be sought under this Section 6 or Section 7 hereof (whether or not the indemnified parties are actual or potential parties thereto), unless such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes an unconditional release of each indemnified
Actions against Parties; Notification.
 
party from all liability arising out of such litigation, investigation, proceeding or claim and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party.
     (d) If at any time an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel, such indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of the nature contemplated by Section 6(a)(2) effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 45 days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request, (ii) such indemnifying party shall have received notice of the terms of such settlement at least 30 days prior to such settlement being entered into and (iii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed such indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement.
Settlement without Consent if Failure to Reimburse.
     SECTION 7. . If the indemnification provided for in Section 6 hereof is for any reason unavailable to or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the aggregate amount of such losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses incurred by such indemnified party, as incurred, (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, from the offering of the Underwritten Securities pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations.
Contribution
     The relative benefits received by the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the total net proceeds from the offering of such Underwritten Securities (before deducting expenses) received by the Company and the total underwriting discount received by the Underwriters, in each case as set forth on the cover of the Prospectus bear to the aggregate initial public offering price of such Underwritten Securities as set forth on such cover.
     The relative fault of the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any such untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or the Guarantor or by the Underwriters and the parties' relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission.
     The Company, the Guarantor and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 7 were determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to above in this Section 7. The aggregate amount of losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses incurred by
 
an indemnified party and referred to above in this Section 7 shall be deemed to include any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.
     Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 7, no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total price at which the Underwritten Securities underwritten by it and distributed to the public were offered to the public exceeds the amount of any damages which such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason of any such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.
     No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.
     For purposes of this Section 7, each person, if any, who controls an Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act shall have the same rights to contribution as such Underwriter, and each director of the Company and the Guarantor, each officer of the Company and the Guarantor who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company or the Guarantor within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company and the Guarantor. The Underwriters' respective obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 7 are several in proportion to the aggregate principal amount of Initial Underwritten Securities set forth opposite their respective names in the applicable Terms Agreement, and not joint.
     SECTION 8. . All representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement or in certificates of officers of the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries submitted pursuant hereto or thereto shall remain operative and in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or controlling person, or by or on behalf of the Company or the Guarantor, and shall survive delivery of and payment for the Underwritten Securities.
Representations, Warranties and Agreements to Survive Delivery
     SECTION 9. .
Termination
     (a) The Representative(s) may terminate this Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement, by notice to the Company and the Guarantor, at any time at or prior to the Closing Time, if (i) there has been, since the time of execution of such Terms Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, any material adverse change, or any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (ii) there has been, since the time of execution of such Terms Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Prospectus, any material adverse change, or any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business or results of operations of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary
Terms Agreement.
 
course of business, (iii) there has occurred any material adverse change in the financial markets in the United States or any outbreak of hostilities or escalation thereof or other calamity or crisis or any change or development involving a prospective change in national or international political, financial or economic conditions, in each case referred to in this clause (iii), the effect of which is such as to make it, in the judgment of the Representative(s), impracticable or inadvisable to market the Underwritten Securities or to enforce contracts for the sale of the Underwritten Securities, (iv) any downgrading in the rating of any debt securities of the Guarantor or the Company or the insurance claims paying ability rating or other insurance rating of the Guarantor or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, in each case by any "nationally recognized statistical rating organization" (as defined for purposes of Rule 436 (g) under the 1933 Act), or any public announcement that any such organization has under surveillance or review its rating of any debt securities of the Guarantor or the Company (other than an announcement with positive implications of a possible upgrading, and no implication of a possible downgrading, of such rating) or of the insurance claims paying ability or other insurance rating of the Guarantor or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, (v) trading in any securities of the Company or the Guarantor has been suspended or materially limited by the Commission or the New York Stock Exchange, or if trading generally on the New York Stock Exchange or the American Stock Exchange or in the Nasdaq National Market has been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices have been required, by either of said exchanges or by such system or by order of the Commission, the FINRA or any other governmental authority or a material disruption has occurred in commercial banking or securities settlement or clearance services in the United States or (vi) a banking moratorium has been declared by either U.S. Federal, New York or Bermuda authorities or, if the Underwritten Securities are denominated or payable in, or indexed to, one or more foreign or composite currencies, by the relevant authorities in the related foreign country or countries.
     (b) If this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section 9, such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except as provided in Section 4 hereof, and provided further that Sections 1, 6, 7 and 8 shall survive such termination and remain in full force and effect.
Liabilities.
     SECTION 10. . If one or more of the Underwriters shall fail at the Closing Time to purchase the Underwritten Securities which it or they are obligated to purchase under the applicable Terms Agreement (the "Defaulted Securities"), then the Representative(s) shall have the right, within 24 hours thereafter, to make arrangements for one or more of the non-defaulting Underwriters, or any other underwriters, to purchase all, but not less than all, of the Defaulted Securities in such amounts as may be agreed upon and upon the terms herein set forth; if, however, the Representative(s) shall not have completed such arrangements within such 24-hour period, then:
Default by One or More of the Underwriters
     (a) if the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of Defaulted Securities does not exceed 10% of the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of Underwritten Securities to be purchased on such date pursuant to such Terms Agreement, the non-defaulting Underwriters shall be obligated, severally and not jointly, to purchase the full amount thereof in the proportions that their respective underwriting
 
obligations under such Terms Agreement bear to the underwriting obligations of all non-defaulting Underwriters, or
     (b) if the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of Defaulted Securities exceeds 10% of the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of Underwritten Securities to be purchased on such date pursuant to such Terms Agreement, such Terms Agreement shall terminate without liability on the part of any non-defaulting Underwriter.
     No action taken pursuant to this Section 10 shall relieve any defaulting Underwriter from liability in respect of its default.
     In the event of any such default which does not result in a termination of the applicable Terms Agreement, either the Representative(s) or the Company shall have the right to postpone the Closing Time for a period not exceeding seven days in order to effect any required changes in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or in any other documents or arrangements.
     SECTION 11. . All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if mailed or transmitted by any standard form of telecommunication. Notices to the Underwriters shall be directed to the Representatives at the address specified in the applicable Terms Agreement; notices to the Company shall be directed to it at 436 Walnut Street, Philadelphia, PA 19106, attention of General Counsel; and notices to the Guarantor shall be directed to it at Brengasse 32, Zurich, Switzerland CH-8001, attention of General Counsel and Secretary.
Notices
     SECTION 12. . This Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement shall each inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and the Guarantor and, upon execution of such Terms Agreement, any Underwriters named therein and their respective successors. Nothing expressed or mentioned in this Underwriting Agreement or such Terms Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give any person, firm or corporation, other than the Underwriters, the Company, the Guarantor and their respective successors and the controlling persons and officers and directors referred to in Sections 6 and 7 and their heirs and legal representatives, any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Underwriting Agreement or such Terms Agreement or any provision herein or therein contained. This Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement and all conditions and provisions hereof and thereof are intended to be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto and thereto and their respective successors, and said controlling persons and officers and directors and their heirs and legal representatives, and for the benefit of no other person, firm or corporation. No purchaser of Underwritten Securities from any Underwriter shall be deemed to be a successor by reason merely of such purchase.
Parties
     SECTION 13. . Each of the parties hereto hereby expressly and irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any competent court in the place of its domicile and any United States Federal or New York State court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York in any action, suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement or the
Consent to Jurisdiction; Miscellaneous
 
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby to the extent that such court has subject matter jurisdiction over the controversy, and expressly and irrevocably waives, to the extent permitted under applicable law, any immunity from the jurisdiction thereof and any claim or defense in such action, suit or proceeding based on a claim of improper venue, or any similar basis to which it might otherwise be entitled in any such action, suit or proceeding. Each of the Company and the Guarantor irrevocably appoints ACE USA, Inc., 1133 Avenue of the Americas, 32 Floor, New York, New York 10036, as its authorized agent in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York upon which process may be served in any such action, suit or proceeding, and agrees that service of process upon such agent, and written notice of said service to the Company or the Guarantor by the person serving the same to the address provided in Section 11, shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon the Company or the Guarantor, as the case may be, in any such action, suit or proceeding. Each of the Company and the Guarantor further agrees to take any and all action as may be necessary to maintain such designation and appointment of such agent in full force and effect for a period of seven years from the date of this Underwriting Agreement.
forum
non
conveniens
nd
     SECTION 14. . To the extent that the Company or the Guarantor or any of their respective properties, assets or revenues may have or may hereafter become entitled to, or have attributed to them, any right of immunity, on the grounds of sovereignty, from any legal action, suit or proceeding, from set-off or counterclaim, from the jurisdiction of any court, from service of process, from attachment upon or prior to judgment, or from attachment in aid of execution of judgment, or from execution of judgment, other legal process or proceeding for the giving of any relief or for the enforcement of any judgment, in any jurisdiction in which proceedings may at any time be commenced, with respect to their obligations, liabilities or any other matter under or arising out of or in connection with this Underwriting Agreement or any additional agreement, each of the Company and the Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally, to the extent permitted by applicable law, waives and agrees not to plead or claim any such immunity and consents to such relief and enforcement.
Waiver of Immunities
     SECTION 15. . The Company and the Guarantor jointly and severally agree to indemnify each Underwriter against any loss incurred by such Underwriter as a result of any judgment or order being given or made for any amount due hereunder and such judgment or order being expressed and paid in a currency (the "Judgment Currency") other than United States dollars and as a result of any variation as between (i) the rate of exchange at which the United States dollar amount is converted into the Judgment Currency for the purpose of such judgment or order, and (ii) the rate of exchange at which such Underwriter is able to purchase United States dollars with the amount of the Judgment Currency actually received by such Underwriter. The foregoing indemnity shall constitute a separate and independent obligation of each of the Company and the Guarantor and shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any such judgment or order as aforesaid. The term "rate of exchange" shall include any premiums and costs of exchange payable in connection with the purchase of, or conversion into, the relevant currency.
Judgment Currency
     SECTION 16. . The Company and the Guarantor acknowledge and agree that (i) the purchase and issuance of the Underwritten Securities pursuant to this Agreement is an arm's-length commercial transaction between the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the several Underwriters, on the other, (ii) in
No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility
 
connection therewith and with the process leading to such transaction each Underwriter is acting solely as a principal and not the agent or fiduciary of the Company or the Guarantor, (iii) no Underwriter has assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company or the Guarantor with respect to the offering contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether such Underwriter has advised or is currently advising the Company or the Guarantor on other matters) or any other obligation to the Company or the Guarantor except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement and (iv) the Company and the Guarantor have consulted their own legal and financial advisors to the extent they deemed appropriate. The Company and the Guarantor agree that they will not claim that the Underwriters, or any of them, has rendered advisory services of any nature or respect, or owes a fiduciary or similar duty to the Company or the Guarantor, in connection with such transaction or the process leading thereto.
     SECTION 17. . THIS UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT AND ANY APPLICABLE TERMS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. SPECIFIED TIMES OF DAY REFER TO NEW YORK CITY TIME.
GOVERNING LAW AND TIME
     SECTION 18. . The Article and Section headings herein and the Table of Contents are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.
Effect of Headings
 
 
Exhibit A
[-]
Ladies and Gentlemen:
     We understand that ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware company (the "Company"), proposes to issue and sell $                aggregate principal amount of its [senior] [subordinated] debt securities (the "Underwritten Securities"), which will be unconditionally guaranteed as to payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest by ACE Limited, a Swiss company. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth or incorporated by reference herein, the underwriter[s] named below (the "Underwriters") offer[s] to purchase [, severally and not jointly,] the principal amount of Underwritten Securities opposite [its] [their] name[s] set forth below at the purchase price set forth below.
 
     The Underwritten Securities shall have the following terms:
Title: Rank: Ratings: Aggregate principal amount: Denominations: Currency of payment: Interest rate or formula: Interest payment dates: Regular record dates: Stated maturity date: Redemption provisions: Sinking fund requirements: Conversion or exchange provisions: Guarantee Provisions: Listing requirements: Black-out provisions: Fixed or Variable Price Offering: [Fixed] [Variable] Price Offering
If Fixed Price Offering, initial public offering price: ___% of the principal amount, plus accrued interest [amortized original issue discount], if any, from ________________.
Purchase price: ___% of principal amount, plus accrued interest [amortized original issue discount], if any, from ________________.
Form: Applicable Time: Other terms and conditions: Closing date and location:
Notices: Notice to the Underwriters shall be directed to the Representative(s) c/o:
     [
                         ]
     All of the provisions contained in the document attached as Annex I hereto entitled "ACE INA HOLDINGS INC.Senior and Subordinated Debt Securities  Unconditionally Guaranteed
 
as to Payment of Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest by ACE LIMITED Underwriting Agreement" are hereby incorporated by reference in their entirety herein and shall be deemed to be a part of this Terms Agreement to the same extent as if such provisions had been set forth in full herein. Terms defined in such document are used herein as therein defined.
     This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.
     Please accept this offer no later than ____ o'clock P.M. (New York City time) on ______________ by signing a copy of this Terms Agreement in the space set forth below and returning the signed copy to us.
 
Schedule I
Final Term Sheet dated [-] (attached hereto as Schedule II)
 
Schedule II
The issuer has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents the issuer has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer and this offering. You may get these
 
documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC Web site at
www.sec.gov
. Alternatively, [REPRESENTATIVE(S)] can arrange to send you the prospectus if you request it by calling or e-mailing [__] at 1-800-[__] or [__]@[__].

Exhibit 1.2
November 18, 2010
Ladies and Gentlemen:
     We understand that ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware company (the "Company"), proposes to issue and sell $700,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its senior debt securities (the "Underwritten Securities"), which will be unconditionally guaranteed as to payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest by ACE Limited, a Swiss company. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth or incorporated by reference herein, the underwriters named below (the "Underwriters") offer to purchase, severally and not jointly, the principal amount of Underwritten Securities opposite their names set forth below at the purchase price set forth below.
 
     The Underwritten Securities shall have the following terms:
 
Notices: Notice to the Underwriters shall be directed to the Representative(s) c/o:
Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated 1585 Broadway, 29th Floor New York, NY 10036 Attention: Investment Banking Division Phone: (212) 761-6691 Fascimile: (212) 507-8999
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 60 Wall Street New York, NY 10005 Attention: Debt Capital Markets Syndicate Facsimile: (212) 797-4877
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 301 S. College Street Charlotte, NC 28288 Facsimile: (704) 383-9165 Attention: Transaction Management
     All of the provisions contained in the document attached as Annex I hereto entitled "ACE INA HOLDINGS INC.Senior and Subordinated Debt Securities  Unconditionally Guaranteed as to Payment of Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest by ACE LIMITED Underwriting Agreement" (the "Underwriting Agreement") are hereby incorporated by reference in their entirety herein and shall be deemed to be a part of this Terms Agreement to the same extent as if such provisions had been set forth in full herein. Terms defined in such document are used herein as therein defined.
     This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.
 
     Please accept this offer no later than 2:45 o'clock P.M. (New York City time) on November 18, 2010 by signing a copy of this Terms Agreement in the space set forth below and returning the signed copy to us.
 
 
Schedule I
Final Term Sheet dated November 18, 2010 (attached hereto as Schedule II)
 
Schedule II
 
Annex I

Exhibit 4.1
THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITORY (AS DEFINED IN THE INDENTURE) OR A NOMINEE THEREOF. THIS GLOBAL SECURITY IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR SECURITIES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITORY OR ITS NOMINEE ONLY IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE AND, UNLESS AND UNTIL IT IS EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR SECURITIES IN DEFINITIVE FORM, THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITORY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY, OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY TO THE DEPOSITORY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY, OR BY THE DEPOSITORY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITORY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR DEPOSITORY.
UNLESS THIS SECURITY IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION ("DTC"), TO THE COMPANY (AS DEFINED BELOW) OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY SECURITY ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC) ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.
     ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter called the "Company", which term includes any successor corporation under the Indenture referred to below), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns, the principal sum of [ ] Hundred Million Dollars ($) on November 23, 2015 and to pay interest thereon from November 23, 2009 or from the most recent interest payment date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, payable semi-annually on November 23 and May 23 in each year (each, an "Interest Payment Date"), commencing May 23, 2009, at the rate of 2.60% per annum, until the principal hereof (and any Additional Amounts (as defined below)) is paid or duly made available for payment. Interest on this Note shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. If any Interest Payment Date or the maturity date falls on a day that is
 - 
 
not a Business Day, the required payment shall be made on the next Business Day as if it were made on the date such payment was due and no interest shall accrue on the amount so payable for the period from and after such Interest Payment Date or the maturity date, as the case may be, to such next Business Day. The interest so payable and punctually paid or duly provided for on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in such Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Note (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the regular record date for such interest, which shall be May 8 or November 8 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, next preceding such Interest Payment Date. Any such interest which is payable, but is not punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date shall forthwith cease to be payable to the registered Holder hereof on the relevant regular record date by virtue of having been such Holder, and may be paid to the Person in whose name this Note (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on a subsequent special record date (which shall be at least 10 days before the payment date) for the payment of such defaulted interest to be fixed by the Company, notice whereof shall be given to the Holders of Notes of this series not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date, or may be paid at any time in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which the Notes may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided in such Indenture. Any interest paid on this Note shall be increased to the extent necessary to pay Additional Amounts as set forth in this Note.
     Payment of the principal of, interest on or any Redemption Price or Additional Amounts in respect of this Note will be made at the office or agency of the Company and the Guarantor (as defined below) maintained for that purpose in The Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts; provided, however, that, at the option of the Company or the Guarantor, interest may be paid by check mailed to the address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Security Register; provided, further, that payment to DTC or any successor Depository may be made by wire transfer to the account designated by DTC or such successor depository in writing.
     This Note is one of a duly authorized issuance of securities of the Company (herein called the "Notes"), fully and unconditionally guaranteed as to payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest by ACE Limited, a Swiss corporation () (the "Guarantor"), issued and to be issued in one or more series under an Indenture, dated as of August 1, 1999 (herein called, together with all indentures supplemental thereto, the "Indenture"), among the Company, the Guarantor and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (formerly known as The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., as successor to J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association and The First National Bank of Chicago), as Trustee (herein called the "Trustee", which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), to which the Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto referenced is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Guarantor, the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes, and of the terms upon which the Notes are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. This Note is one of the series designated on the face hereof, initially limited (subject to exceptions provided in the Indenture) to the aggregate principal amount specified in the Officer's Certificate, dated as of November 23, 2009, establishing the terms of the Notes pursuant to the Indenture.
Aktiengesellschaft
 
     The Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company. The Company's obligation to pay the principal of, interest on or any Additional Amounts in respect of the Notes is unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Guarantor pursuant to Article 16 of the Indenture.
     If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes shall occur and be continuing, the principal of the Notes may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture.
     The Indenture contains provisions permitting, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Company or the Guarantor and the rights of the Holders of the Securities of each series issued under the Indenture at any time by the Company, the Guarantor and the Trustee with the written consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Securities at the time Outstanding of each series affected thereby. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified percentages in aggregate principal amount of the Securities of any series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Company or the Guarantor with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Note shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Notes issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note.
     This Note is not subject to any sinking fund.
     No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of, interest on or any Redemption Price or any Additional Amounts in respect of this Note, at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein and in the Indenture prescribed.
     As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations set forth therein and in this Note, the transfer of this Note may be registered on the Security Register upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Company and the Guarantor maintained for that purpose in any place where the principal of, interest on or any Additional Amounts in respect of this Note are payable, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly executed by, the Holder hereof or by his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Notes of this series and of like tenor, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees.
     The Notes are issuable only in registered form without coupons in the denominations specified in the Officer's Certificate, dated as of November 23, 2009, establishing the terms of the Notes, all as more fully provided in the Indenture and such Officer's Certificate. As provided in the Indenture and in such Officer's Certificate, and subject to certain limitations set forth in the Indenture, such Officer's Certificate and in this Note, the Notes are exchangeable for a like
 
aggregate principal amount of Notes of this series in different authorized denominations, as requested by the Holders surrendering the same.
     No service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith, other than in certain cases provided in the Indenture.
     Prior to due presentment of this Note for registration of transfer, the Company, the Guarantor, the Trustee and any agent of the Company, the Guarantor or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Note is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Note be overdue, and neither the Company, the Guarantor, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.
     The Notes are redeemable as a whole or in part, at the Company's option at any time, at a Redemption Price equal to the greater of (i) 100 percent of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed or (ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon (excluding interest accrued to the Redemption Date) and discounted to Redemption Date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the applicable Treasury Rate plus 20 basis points, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount being redeemed to the Redemption Date.
     "Treasury Rate" means, with respect to any Redemption Date, (1) the yield, under the heading which represents the average for the immediately preceding week, appearing in the most recently published statistical release designated "H.15(519)" or any successor publication which is published weekly by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and which establishes yields on actively traded United States Treasury securities adjusted to constant maturity under the caption "Treasury Constant Maturities," for the maturity corresponding to the Comparable Treasury Issue (if no maturity is within three months before or after the Remaining Life, yields for the two published maturities most closely corresponding to the Comparable Treasury Issue will be determined and the Treasury Rate will be interpolated or extrapolated from such yields on a straight line basis, rounding to the nearest month) or (2) if such release (or any successor release) is not published during the week preceding the calculation date or does not contain such yields, the rate per year equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield-to-maturity of the Comparable Treasury Issue, calculated using a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Treasury Price for such Redemption Date. The Treasury Rate will be calculated on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date.
     "Business Day" means any calendar day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday in New York, New York, and on which commercial banks are open for business in New York, New York.
     "Comparable Treasury Issue" means the United States Treasury security selected by an Independent Investment Banker as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the notes to be redeemed.
 
     "Comparable Treasury Price" means (1) the average of four Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such Redemption Date, after excluding the highest and lowest Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (2) if the Independent Investment Banker obtains fewer than four such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all such quotations.
     "Independent Investment Banker" means Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated and its successors or, if such firm is unwilling or unable to select the Comparable Treasury Issue, an independent investment banking institution of national standing appointed by the Company.
     "Reference Treasury Dealer" means each of (1) Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., and a Primary Treasury Dealer (as defined below) selected by Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, and their respective successors; provided, however, that if any of the foregoing shall cease to be a primary U.S. Government securities dealer in New York City, which we refer to as a "Primary Treasury Dealer," the Company will substitute another Primary Treasury Dealer and (2) any other Primary Treasury Dealers selected by the Independent Investment Banker after consultation with the Company.
     "Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer and Redemption Date, the average, as determined by the Independent Investment Banker, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Independent Investment Banker at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the third Business Day preceding such Redemption Date.
     All payments on this Note will be made without withholding of any present or future taxes or governmental charges of the jurisdiction of the Company's organization or principal executive offices (each, a "Taxing Jurisdiction"), unless the Company is required to do so by applicable law or regulation.
     If the Company is required to withhold amounts, it will, subject to the limitations described below, pay to the Holder of this Note additional amounts so that every net payment made to the Holder of this Note, after the withholding, will be the same amount provided for in this Note and the Indenture ("Additional Amounts").
     The Company will not be required to pay any Additional Amounts for (1) any tax or governmental charge which would not have been imposed but for the fact that the Holder of this Note: (a) was a resident of, or engaged in business or maintained a permanent establishment or was physically present in, the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction or otherwise had some connection with the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction other than the mere ownership of, or receipt of payment on, this Note, (b) presented this Note for payment in the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction, unless this Note could not have been presented for payment elsewhere, or (c) presented this Note for payment more than 30 days after the date on which the payment became due unless the Holder of this Note would have been entitled to these Additional Amounts if the Holder of this Note had presented this Note for payment within the 30-day period; (2) any estate, inheritance, gift, sale, transfer, personal property or similar tax or other governmental charge; (3) any tax or other governmental charge that is imposed or withheld because of failure by the Holder of this Note to comply with any reasonable request by the Company: (a) to provide information concerning the nationality, residence or identity of the Holder of this Note or that of the beneficial owner of this
 
Note; or (b) to make any claim or satisfy any information or reporting requirement, which in either case is required by the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction as a precondition to exemption from all or part of the tax or other governmental charge; or (4) any combination of items (1), (2) or (3) above.
     The Company will not pay Additional Amounts if the Holder of this Note is a fiduciary or partnership or other than the sole beneficial owner of this Note if the beneficiary or partner or settlor would not have been entitled to the Additional Amounts had it been the holder of this Note.
     The Company will be entitled to redeem this Note, at its option, at any time as a whole but not in part, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice, at 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest (if any) to the Redemption Date (subject to the right of holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant Interest Payment Date), in the event that the Company or the Guarantor has become or would become obligated to pay, on the next date on which any amount would be payable with respect to this Note, any Additional Amounts as a result of: (1) a change in or an amendment to the laws (including any regulations promulgated thereunder) of a Taxing Jurisdiction, which change or amendment is announced after November 18, 2010; or (2) any change in or amendment to any official position regarding the application or interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment is announced after November 18, 2010, and, in each case, the Company or the Guarantor, as applicable, cannot avoid such obligation by taking reasonable measures available to it.
     The Indenture contains provisions whereby (i) the Company and the Guarantor may be discharged from their obligations with respect to the Notes (subject to certain exceptions) or (ii) the Company and the Guarantor may be released from their obligations under specified covenants and agreements in the Indenture, in each case if the Company or the Guarantor irrevocably deposits with the Trustee money or Government Obligations, or a combination thereof, in an amount sufficient, without consideration of any reinvestment, to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness on all Notes of this series, and satisfies certain other conditions, all as more fully provided in the Indenture.
     This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements and instruments made and to be performed wholly within such State.
     All terms used in this Note without definition that are defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.
 
\
     Unless the Certificate of Authentication hereon has been executed by or on behalf of the Trustee under the Indenture by the manual signature of one of its authorized officers, this Note shall not be entitled to any benefits under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed under its corporate seal.
     This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.
Dated: November 23, 2010
 
The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription on the face of this instrument, shall be construed as though they were written out in full according to applicable laws or regulations:
Additional abbreviations may also be used though not in the above list.
 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned registered holder hereby sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) unto
 
[PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE]
the within Note and all rights thereunder, hereby irrevocably constituting and appointing _________________________________________ ____________________________________________________________________________ to transfer said Note on the books of the Company with full power of substitution in the premises.
Dated: _____________________
     Signatures must be guaranteed by an "eligible guarantor institution" meeting the requirements of the Trustee, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program ("STAMP") or such other "signature guarantee program" as may be determined by the Trustee in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Exhibit 5.1
November 23, 2010
PHH/33527
ACE Limited / ACE INA Holdings Inc.  Registration Statement on Form S-3
Ladies and Gentlemen:
We have been asked to render this opinion in our capacity as Swiss counsel to ACE Limited, a corporation organized under the laws of Switzerland (the in connection (i) with the preparation and filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, of a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-156143) (the ""relating to, among other things ACE INA Holdings Inc.'s (""offer and sale of USD 700,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 2.60% Senior Notes due 2015 (the "") debt securities, which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed (the ""by the Company.
"Company")
Registration Statement
)
ACE INA
)
Notes
Guarantee
)
I.
Documents Reviewed
For the purpose of this opinion we have only reviewed and relied on copies of the following documents:
 
II.
Scope and Assumptions
This opinion is confined to and given on the basis of the laws of Switzerland in force at the date hereof as currently applied by Swiss courts. In the absence of explicit statutory law or established case law, we base our opinion solely on our independent professional judgement.
We express no opinion on the laws of any other jurisdiction. The opinions given in this opinion are strictly limited to the matters stated in section III. and do not extend, by implication or otherwise, to any agreement or document referred to in the Registration Statement or any other matter.
The opinions given herein are made on the basis of the following assumptions:
2
 
III.
Opinions
Based upon the foregoing, in reliance thereon, and subject to the limitations and assumptions referred to above (II.) and the qualifications set out below (IV.), we are of the following opinion:
IV.
Qualifications
This opinion is subject to the following qualifications:
3
 
This legal opinion is rendered solely to the person to whom it is addressed and for the purpose of the transaction herein referred to. It may not be used, circulated, quoted, referred to or relied upon by any person other than the persons to whom it is addressed nor for any other purpose without our written consent in each instance. We hereby consent to the filing of this legal opinion as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. In giving this consent, we do not hereby admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder.
This legal opinion is strictly limited to the matters stated in it and does not apply by implication to other matters.
4

Exhibit 5.2
Mayer Brown LLP 71 South Wacker Drive Chicago, Illinois 60606-4637
Main Tel (312) 782-0600 Main Fax (312) 701-7711 www.mayerbrown.com
November 22, 2010
ACE Limited Baerengasse 32 Zurich, Switzerland CH-8001
ACE INA Holdings Inc. 436 Walnut Street Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19106
Dear Ladies and Gentlemen:
     We have represented ACE Limited ("ACE"), a Swiss company limited by shares (), and ACE INA Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("ACE INA") in connection (i) with the preparation and filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, of a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-156143) (the "Registration Statement") relating to, among other things ACE INA's debt securities, which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed (the "Guarantee") by ACE and (ii) the offer and sale of $700,000,000 aggregate principal amount of ACE INA's 2.60% Senior Notes due 2015 (the "Notes").
Aktiengesellschaft
     In rendering the opinions expressed herein, we have examined (i) the Indenture, dated as of August 1, 1999 (the "Indenture"), among ACE, ACE INA and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (formerly known as The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as successor to J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association and The First National Bank of Chicago), as trustee (the "Trustee"); (ii) the Notes and (iii) the Guarantee.
     In addition, we have examined such other documents, certificates and opinions, and have made such further investigation as we have deemed necessary or appropriate for the purposes of the opinions expressed below. In expressing the opinions set forth below, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the conformity to the originals of all documents reviewed by us as copies, the authenticity and completeness of all original documents reviewed by us in original or copy form and the legal competence of each individual executing any document. As to all parties other than ACE INA, we have assumed the due authorization, execution and delivery of all documents, and, with respect to all parties other than ACE INA and ACE, we have assumed the validity and enforceability of all documents against all parties thereto, other than the ACE INA and ACE, in accordance with their respective terms.
 
     As to questions of fact material to our opinions (but not as to legal conclusions), we have, to the extent we deemed such reliance appropriate, relied upon certificates and other statements of officers of ACE INA and ACE and of public officials issued with respect to ACE INA and ACE.
 
Mayer Brown LLP November 22, 2010 Page 2
     Based upon and subject to the foregoing, and having regard for legal considerations which we deem relevant, we are of the opinion that:
     (i) ACE INA is duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware;
     (ii) the Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by ACE INA and (assuming the Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by ACE and the Trustee), the Indenture constitutes a valid and binding agreement of ACE INA and ACE, enforceable against ACE INA and ACE in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law);
     (iii) the Notes have been duly authorized and executed by ACE INA and, assuming the due authentication thereof in the manner provided for in the Indenture and delivery against payment of the consideration therefor, constitute valid and binding obligations of ACE INA, enforceable against ACE INA in accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law); and
     (iv) assuming the Guarantee has been duly authorized by ACE under Swiss law, the Guarantee constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of ACE enforceable against ACE in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law);
     We are admitted to practice in the States of Illinois and New York and our opinions expressed herein are limited solely to the Federal laws of the United States of America, the laws of the States of Illinois and New York and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, including the applicable provisions of the Delaware constitution and reported judicial decisions interpreting these laws, and we express no opinion herein concerning the laws of any other jurisdiction.
     The opinions and statements expressed herein are as of the date hereof. We assume no obligation to update or supplement this opinion letter to reflect any facts or circumstances that may hereafter come to our attention or any changes in applicable law which may hereafter occur.
     We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference of this opinion as an exhibit to the Registration Statement and to all references to this firm in such Registration Statement. In giving this consent, we do not thereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
ESB:


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20101124121924.txt.gz
TIME:20101124121924
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
On November 18, 2010, ACE Limited ("") entered into letter of credit facility agreements (each an "") with ING Bank N.V., Lloyds TSB Bank plc, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. and The Royal Bank of Scotland plc (collectively the ""), which collectively permit the issuance of up to $400 million of letters of credit ("") for the account of ACE or any wholly-owned subsidiary thereof. Under each LOC Agreement, the relevant LOC Bank is committed to issue LOCs prior to December 31, 2014 and LOCs must have expiration dates on or prior to December 31, 2015. ACE expects that most LOCs issued under the LOC Agreements will be used to support the ongoing Funds at Lloyd's requirements of certain affiliates of ACE, but LOCs may also be used for other general corporate purposes.
ACE
LOC Agreement
LOC Banks
LOCs
Two wholly-owned subsidiaries of ACE, ACE Bermuda Insurance Ltd. and ACE Tempest Reinsurance Ltd. (the ""), have guaranteed all obligations of ACE under the LOC Agreements. The LOC Agreements currently are unsecured, but ACE may voluntarily provide cash or specified marketable securities as collateral ("") to reduce the pricing under the LOC Agreements. In addition, an LOC Bank may require ACE to provide Collateral if the ratings of the Guarantors fall below specified levels, the amount of the outstanding LOCs under an LOC Agreement exceeds the amount of the relevant LOC Bank's commitment thereunder due to currency fluctuations or an event of default occurs.
Guarantors
Collateral
The covenants in the LOC Agreements are substantially similar to the covenants in other ACE group credit facilities. The covenants include limitations on liens, substantial asset sales and mergers (subject to customary exceptions and thresholds). The LOC Agreements also contain financial covenants that require:
(i) maintenance of a minimum consolidated net worth of not less than $9.570 billion (subject to an annual reset provision) plus 25 percent of cumulative net income from December 31, 2006, plus 50 percent of the net proceeds of any issuance of equity interests subsequent to December 31, 2006; and
(ii) maintenance of a ratio of total debt (excluding trust preferred securities and mezzanine capital to the extent not exceeding 15 percent of total capitalization) to total capitalization of not greater than 0.35 to 1.
In addition, the LOC Agreements have customary events of default, including (subject to certain materiality thresholds and grace periods) payment default, failure to comply with covenants, material inaccuracy of representation or warranty, bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, change of control and cross-default to other debt and credit agreements.
Under each LOC Agreement, ACE pays a letter of credit commission on the amount of the outstanding LOCs issued by the relevant LOC Bank and a commitment fee on the unused portion of the commitment of such LOC Bank, in each case based upon the financial strength ratings of the Guarantors (except that the letter of credit commission is reduced if ACE provides Collateral for outstanding LOCs). ACE also paid each LOC Bank a customary upfront fee and
will pay customary administrative charges of the applicable LOC Bank in connection with each LOC.
The LOC Agreements replace the Letter of Credit Facility Agreement (the "") originally dated as of 19 November 1999 among ACE, as account party, certain subsidiaries thereof, as guarantors, various banks and Citibank International plc, as agent and security trustee for the banks, which permitted the issuance of up to 300 million of LOCs. ACE has made application for replacement LOCs under the LOC Agreements and has given notice of the termination of the commitments under the Existing Agreement. The Existing Agreement will terminate when all letters of credit outstanding thereunder have been cancelled.
Existing Agreement
Item 1.02 Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
See Item 1.01 above which is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
See Item 1.01 above which is incorporated herein by reference.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: November 24, 2010


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20101216172834.txt.gz
TIME:20101216172834
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
At the company's 2010 annual general meeting, the company's shareholders approved a dividend in the form of a par value reduction payable in four quarterly installments. The dividend approval provides for an annual par value reduction of 1.44 Swiss francs (CHF), which was equal to US$1.32 per share, or $0.33 per quarter, at the time of the annual general meeting. The actual CHF amount for each installment, however, will be adjusted up or down to equal $0.33 near the time of payment, subject to an aggregate cap for the four installments of CHF 2.16, as further described in the company's proxy statement dated April 5, 2010.
For the third of such installments, in accordance with the shareholder approval, the par value reduction amount was fixed at CHF 0.32 based on the published USD/CHF exchange rate of 1.0201 on December 13, 2010. To accomplish such installment, the company adjusted its Articles of Association (a) on December 15, 2010 to reflect the number of shares issued out of conditional share capital since September 29, 2010, and (b) on December 16, 2010 to confirm the par value reduction of CHF 0.32. The company's amended and restated Articles of Association became effective upon registration in the daily register of the commercial register of the Canton of Zurich, Switzerland on December 16, 2010 and, as a result, the company's par value is CHF 30.57 as of such date.
Accordingly, the dividend scheduled for payment on January 11, 2011 will be paid to the company's shareholders of record at the close of business on December 16, 2010, as anticipated. A copy of the amended and restated Articles of Association is attached hereto as Exhibit 3 and incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: December 16, 2010

Exhibit 3
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20101223161607.txt.gz
TIME:20101223161607
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On December 21, 2010, ACE Limited entered into amendments to (a) the syndicated unsecured letter of credit facility dated as of November 8, 2007 among ACE Limited, certain subsidiaries thereof, various lenders and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (successor to Wachovia Bank, National Association), as administrative agent, and (b) the syndicated revolving credit facility dated as of November 8, 2007 among ACE Limited, certain subsidiaries thereof and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. In addition, corresponding amendments were deemed to have been made to (i) the unsecured letter of credit facility dated June 16, 2009 between ACE Limited and Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch and (ii) four bilateral letter of credit facility agreements each dated as of November 18, 2010 between ACE Limited and The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, LTD., New York Branch, ING Bank N.V., London Branch, Lloyds TSB Bank and The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, respectively.
The amendments changed the limitations on liens on securities arising out of repurchase transactions by ACE Limited and its subsidiaries, increasing the permitted term of such transactions from three to six months and increasing the permitted amount of all assets of ACE Limited and its subsidiaries subject to such transactions in effect at any time from $1,000,000,000 to $2,000,000,000 in the aggregate. In addition, the amendments amend the types of intercompany arrangements pursuant to which ACE Limited and its insurance subsidiaries may secure payment of intercompany insurance recoverables owed by ACE Limited or an insurance subsidiary. All other terms and conditions of the credit facilities referred to above remain unchanged.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: December 23, 2010


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20110202172837.txt.gz
TIME:20110202172837
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On February 2, 2011, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its fourth quarter 2010 results and the availability of its fourth quarter 2010 financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: February 2, 2011
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported net income for the quarter ended December 31, 2010, of $2.92 per share, compared with $2.81 per share for the same quarter last year.
ZURICH, February 2, 2011
(1)
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) was $2.05 per share, compared with $2.01 per share for the same quarter last year.
(
2
)
Book value increased $129 million during the quarter. Book value per share was up 2% from September 30, 2010, and tangible book value per share decreased 2% in the quarter due to the Rain and Hail transaction. Book value and tangible book value per share now stand at $68.59 and $54.63, respectively. Annualized operating return on average equity for the quarter was 13.2%.
(
3
)
The property and casualty (P&C) combined ratio for the quarter was 90.3%.
 
Net income for the year ended December 31, 2010, was $9.11 per share, compared with $7.55 per share for 2009. For the year ended December 31, 2010, income excluding net realized gains (losses) was $7.79 per share, compared with $8.17 per share for 2009. Book value increased $3.3 billion, up 17% during the year ended December 31, 2010, while tangible book value increased $2.6 billion, up 16%. Annualized operating return on equity for the year was 13.1%. The P&C combined ratio for the year ended December 31, 2010, was 90.2%.
 
Evan G. Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "ACE had a very good fourth quarter and a strong finish to an excellent year, both financially and operationally. During the year, we made important strides to better position our company for the future.
"Our after-tax operating income for the year was nearly $2.7 billion, with strong contributions from both underwriting and investment income, and our book value continued its track record of growth, closing up 17% for the year. Over the last five years, we have grown our per-share book and tangible book value at a compound annual rate of 14.5% and 15.8%, respectively. Our P&C combined ratio for 2010 was 90.2%, which speaks to our strong underwriting culture and cycle management. I believe these standout financial results, which produced an operating return on equity of 13.1%, demonstrate the power of our well-diversified global balance of businesses.
"During the year we added to our executive management ranks, increased the rigor of our underwriting discipline and completed a number of acquisitions that will pay us dividends immediately and, more importantly, over the longer-term. During the quarter, S&P upgraded the financial strength rating of our core operating insurance companies to AA-, acknowledging the strength of our balance sheet and our distinct global franchise. Without a doubt, we ended the year stronger and better positioned to capitalize upon opportunity in 2011 and beyond.
"While the operating environment remains challenging, both economically and competitively, we are optimistic and confident in our ability to continue delivering superior results."
Operating highlights for the quarter ended December 31, 2010, were as follows
(1):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Details of our financial results for our business segments are available in the ACE Limited Financial Supplement. Key segment items for the quarter ended December 31, 2010, include:
 
 
 
 
The company also issued 2011 guidance. Operating income is expected to range between $6.10 and $6.50 per share. Catastrophe losses included in the estimate are $370 million pre-tax ($300 million after-tax). The operating income projections included in this guidance are for current accident year results only and by definition do not include any estimate for prior period reserve development. For 2010, the comparable operating income per share excluding prior period reserve development and including $0.99 of after-tax catastrophe losses was $6.48.
Please refer to the ACE Limited dated December 31, 2010, which is posted on the company's website in the Investor Information section, and access Financial Reports for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, investment portfolio, and capital structure.
Financial Supplement
ACE will host its fourth quarter earnings conference call and webcast on Thursday, February 3, 2011, beginning at 8:30 a.m. ET. The earnings conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 888-318-7470 (within the United States) or 719-325-2392 (international); passcode 7918119. Please refer to the ACE Limited website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available for approximately one month. To listen to the replay, dial: 888-203-1112 (in the United States) or 719-457-0820 (international); passcode 7918119.
www.acegroup.com
 
 
Celebrating 25 years of insuring progress, the ACE Group is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited (NYSE:ACE), the ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at:
www.acegroup.com
 
is a common performance measurement for insurance companies. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in Other income (expense) related to partially-owned entities because the amounts of these gains (losses) do not relate to their respective operations.
Operating Income or Income excluding net realized gains (losses), net of tax
is calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, policy benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting income and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including net investment income, other income (expense), interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses). Life underwriting income includes net investment income. We believe the use of these measures enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
Underwriting income
See reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on page 26 in the financial supplement. These measures should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 
NM  not meaningful comparison
:
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
Forward-looking statements made in this press release, such as those related to company performance and guidance, recent corporate developments and acquisitions, ACE's products and product mix, economic outlook and insurance market conditions, reflect the company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the company's forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, integration activities and performance of acquired companies, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments and actual settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war, and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Variable Annuity (VA) Lines
 
Historical Cash Flow Summary by Quarter
 
 
Amounts represent accrued past premium received and claims paid by quarter, split by benefit type.
 
Death Benefits (GMDB)
 
Premiums and claims from VA contracts reinsuring Guaranteed Minimum Death Benefits (GMDB).
 
At current market levels we expect approximately $105 million of claims and $91 million of premium on death benefits over the next 12 months.
 
Guaranteed Living Benefits (Includes GMIB and GMAB)
 
Premiums and claims from VA contracts reinsuring Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefits (GMIB) and Guaranteed Minimum Accumulation Benefits (GMAB), collectively known as Guaranteed Living Benefits.
 
At current market levels we expect approximately $1 million of claims and $149 million of premium on living benefits over the next 12 months.
 
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
 
Market Value at December 31, 2010
 
 
total $12.4 billion, are rated predominantly AAA and comprise 25% of the fixed income portfolio. This compares to a 35% mortgage-backed weighting in representative indices of the U.S. fixed income market. The minimum rating for initial purchases of mortgage-backed securities is AAA.
Mortgage-backed securities
 
with implied or explicit government guarantees total $9.7 billion and represent 89% of the residential mortgage-backed portfolio.
Securities issued by Federal agencies
 
are backed by prime collateral, and broadly diversified in over 220,000 loans. The portfolio's loan-to-value ratio is approximately 70% with an average FICO score of 730. With this conservative loan-to-value ratio and subordinated collateral of 12%, the cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate would have to rise to 18% and real estate values would have to fall 19% from their current levels before principal is impaired. The current foreclosure rate of ACE's non-agency RMBS portfolio is 9%.
Non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities
 
of $1.4 billion are rated predominantly AAA, broadly diversified with over 17,000 loans and seasoned with 79% of the portfolio issued before 2006. The average loan-to-value ratio is approximately 68% with a debt service coverage ratio in excess of 1.7 and weighted average subordinated collateral of 33%. The cumulative foreclosure rate would have to rise to 41% and commercial real estate values would have to fall more than 5% from their current levels before principal is impaired. The current foreclosure rate of the portfolio is about 2.6%.
Commercial mortgage-backed securities
 
 
Mortgage-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Amortized Cost at December 31, 2010
 
 
 
U.S. Investment Grade Corporate and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
 
 
U.S. Investment Grade Corporate Fixed Income Portfolio
 
The average credit quality of ACE's US investment grade bond portfolio is high at A.
 
ACE prohibits investments in complex structured securities (e.g. CDOs, CLOs) and over-the-counter derivatives and does not permit the use of portfolio leverage.
 
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
 
 
Below Investment Grade Corporate and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Market Value at December 31, 2010
 
 
Below Investment Grade Corporate Fixed Income Portfolio
 
ACE manages high yield bonds as a distinct and separate asset class from investment grade bonds. ACE's allocation to high yield bonds is explicitly set by internal management and is targeted to securities in the upper tier of credit quality (BB/B). Our minimum rating for initial purchase is BB/B.
 
Six external investment managers are responsible for high yield security selection and portfolio construction.
 
ACE's high yield managers have a conservative approach to credit selection and very low historical default experience.
 
Securities holdings are highly diversified across industries and are subject to a 1.5% issuer limit as a percentage of high yield allocation. The portfolio comprises over 650 issuers with our largest current issuer exposure at $72 million. ACE monitors position limits on a daily basis through an internal compliance system.
 
Derivative and structured securities (e.g. credit default swaps, CLOs) are not permitted in high yield portfolios.
 
 
Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio
Market Value at December 31, 2010
 
 
Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio
 
ACE's non-U.S. investment grade fixed income portfolios are currency-matched with the insurance liabilities of ACE's non-U.S. operations. 85% of ACE's non-U.S. fixed income is denominated in G7 currencies.
 
Average credit quality of non-U.S. fixed income securities is very high at AA and 53% of holdings are rated AAA or guaranteed by governments or quasi-government agencies.
 
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
 
 
Investment portfolio
 
Top 25 Exposures - Fixed Maturity Investments
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
December 31, 2010
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
 
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations. However, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). A reconciliation of book value per common share is provided on the next page.
 
In presenting our segment operating results, we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, policy benefits, policy acquisition costs, and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense, and net realized gains (losses).
 
The following non-GAAP measure is a common performance measurement and is defined as income excluding net realized gains (losses) and the related tax expense (benefit). We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in other income (expense) related to partially owned entities because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with GAAP.
 
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Common Share
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) divided by average shareholders' equity for the period excluding unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
Shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per common share:
 
Combined Insurance Company of America, acquired April 1, 2008.
Combined Insurance:
 
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio excluding life business. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
 
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income excluding net realized gains (losses).
Effective tax rate:
 
A group of seven industrialized nations including Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, United Kingdom, and the United States.
G7:
 
Net premiums earned and net investment income less policy benefits, acquisition costs, and administrative expenses.
Life underwriting income:
 
Not meaningful.
NM:
 
Shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per common share:
 
Total capitalization less goodwill and other intangible assets.
Tangible capital:
 
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20110401160604.txt.gz
TIME:20110401160604
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
At the company's 2010 annual general meeting, the company's shareholders approved a dividend in the form of a par value reduction payable in four quarterly installments. The dividend approval provides for an annual par value reduction of 1.44 Swiss francs (CHF), which was equal to US$1.32 per share, or $0.33 per quarter, at the time of the annual general meeting. The actual CHF amount for each installment, however, will be adjusted up or down to equal $0.33 near the time of payment, subject to an aggregate cap for the four installments of CHF 2.16, as further described in the company's proxy statement dated April 5, 2010.
For the fourth of such installments, in accordance with the shareholder approval, the par value reduction amount was fixed at CHF 0.30 based on the published USD/CHF exchange rate of 1.0862 on March 28, 2011. To accomplish such installment, the company adjusted its Articles of Association (a) on March 30, 2011 to reflect the number of shares issued out of conditional share capital since December 15, 2010, and (b) on April 1, 2011 to confirm the par value reduction of CHF 0.30. The company's amended and restated Articles of Association became effective upon registration in the daily register of the commercial register of the Canton of Zurich, Switzerland on April 1, 2011 and, as a result, the company's par value is CHF 30.27 as of such date.
Accordingly, as expected, the company's shareholders of record at the close of business on April 1, 2011, will receive the dividend scheduled for payment on April 22, 2011. A copy of the amended and restated Articles of Association is attached hereto as Exhibit 3 and incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: April 1, 2011

EXHIBIT 3
 
 
2
 
3
 
4
 
5
 
6
 
7
 
8
 
9
 
10
 
11
 
12
 
13
 
14
 
15
 
16
 
17
 
18
 
19
 
20
 
21


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20110504172340.txt.gz
TIME:20110504172340
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On May 4, 2011, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its first quarter 2011 results and the availability of its first quarter 2011 financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: May 4, 2011
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 
 
 ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported net income for the quarter ended March 31, 2011, of $0.76 per share, compared with $2.22 per share for the same quarter last year.
ZURICH, May 4, 2011
(1)
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) was $0.79 per share, compared with $1.70 per share for the same quarter last year.
(2)
Net after-tax catastrophe losses for the first quarter of 2011 were $443 million, including reinstatement premiums, or $1.30 per share, compared with $149 million, or $0.44 per share, for the first quarter of 2010. Book value increased $402 million, or 2%, during the quarter. Book value per share of $69.33 and tangible book value per share of $55.31 were up 1% from December 31, 2010. Annualized operating return on average equity for the quarter was 4.9%.
(3)
The property and casualty (P&C) combined ratio for the quarter was 105.0%.
 
 
Evan G. Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "ACE had a very good quarter that was overshadowed by significant catastrophe losses. We produced $268 million in operating income and grew book value 2%. Our ROE and combined ratio were 4.9% and 105%, respectively. Excluding the catastrophe loss impact, our book value growth, ROE and current accident year combined ratio were 4%, 13%, and 91.8%, respectively. I believe this speaks to the health of our business, the strength of our risk management and the benefit of our broadly diversified business.
 
"Our revenue growth was better than we originally anticipated when we planned the year and the renewal persistency of our business was excellent. We also benefited in the quarter from positive client payroll and sales growth due to improved economic conditions. Finally, rates for our renewal business declined at the slowest pace we have experienced in a number of quarters.
 
"We are more confident today about our prospects for full-year premium growth than we were last quarter and now believe growth will be between upper single-digit and low double-digit. Not included in our projections, if markets firm in any individual geography or class as a result of the catastrophes and reach a point where we find the risk-reward attractive, we are well positioned to take advantage."
 
Operating highlights for the quarter ended March 31, 2011, were as follows:
(1
)
 
 
Details of the financial results for the company's business segments are available in the ACE Limited Financial Supplement. Key segment items for the quarter ended March 31, 2011, include:
 
 
In light of the level of first quarter catastrophe losses, the company is adjusting guidance for the year. Operating income is now expected to range between $5.40 and $5.70 per share for the full year. This includes $443 million in catastrophe losses for the first quarter, plus $250 million in catastrophe losses for the balance of the year. The guidance also includes $74 million of after-tax positive prior period development reflected in the first quarter as well as an adjustment for the estimated increase to the investment income run rate.
 
Please refer to the ACE Limited dated March 31, 2011, which is posted on the company's website in the Investor Information section, and access Financial Reports for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, investment portfolio and capital structure.
Financial Supplement,
 
ACE will host its first quarter earnings conference call and webcast on Thursday, May 5, 2011, beginning at 8:30 a.m. Eastern. The earnings conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 888-318-7470 (within the United States) or 719-325-2392 (international); passcode 7918119. Please refer to the ACE Limited website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available for approximately one month. To listen to the replay, dial: 888-203-1112 (in the United States) or 719-457-0820 (international); passcode 7918119.
www.acegroup.com
 
Celebrating 25 years of insuring progress, the ACE Group is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited (NYSE:ACE), the ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at:
www.acegroup.com
 
(1)
All comparisons are with the same period last year unless specifically stated.
(2)
Non-GAAP Financial Measures:
 
is a common performance measurement for insurance companies. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in Other income (expense) related to partially-owned entities because the amounts of these gains (losses) do not relate to their respective operations.
Operating Income or Income excluding net realized gains (losses), net of tax
 
is a non-GAAP measure. We present income excluding net realized gains (losses), catastrophe losses and prior period development, net of tax in order that users of our financial information can view and assess the specific impact of catastrophe losses and prior period development on the relevant periods and because of the variance in those amounts in the comparable periods. We believe this separate presentation is meaningful and useful for users of our financial information.
Income excluding net realized gains (losses), catastrophe losses and prior period development, net of tax
 
is calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, policy benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting income and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including net investment income, other income (expense), interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses). Life underwriting income includes net investment income. We believe the use of these measures enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. See reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on page 24 in the financial supplement. These measures should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
Underwriting income
(3)
Calculated using income excluding net realized gains (losses) divided by average shareholders' equity for the period excluding unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity. To annualize a quarterly rate, multiply by four.
(4)
For Q1 2010, prior period development is net of $31 million, after-tax, for the annual crop insurance profit-sharing commission that is included in the expense ratio.
(5)
Book value per common share is shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding. Tangible book value per common share is shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets divided by the shares outstanding.
NM  not meaningful comparison
 
:
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
 
Forward-looking statements made in this press release, such as those related to company performance and guidance, products and product mix, economic outlook and insurance market conditions, reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, our forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, integration activities and performance of acquired companies, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments and actual settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war, and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
First Quarter Catastrophe Loss Charges - 2011
 
 
 
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
Life
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Market Value at March 31, 2011
 
 
total $12.9 billion, are rated predominantly AAA and comprise 26% of the fixed income portfolio. This compares to a 35% mortgage-backed weighting in representative indices of the U.S. fixed income market. The minimum rating for initial purchases of mortgage-backed securities is AAA.
Mortgage-backed securities
 
with implied or explicit government guarantees total $10.4 billion and represent 90% of the residential mortgage-backed portfolio.
Securities issued by Federal agencies
 
are backed by prime collateral, and broadly diversified in over 190,000 loans. The portfolio's loan-to-value ratio is approximately 70% with an average FICO score of 730. With this conservative loan-to-value ratio and subordinated collateral of 10%, the cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate would have to rise to 15% and real estate values would have to fall 15% from their current levels before principal is impaired. The current foreclosure rate of ACE's non-agency RMBS portfolio is 9%.
Non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities
 
of $1.4 billion are rated predominantly AAA, broadly diversified with over 17,000 loans and seasoned with 76% of the portfolio issued before 2006. The average loan-to-value ratio is approximately 69% with a debt service coverage ratio in excess of 1.7 and weighted average subordinated collateral of 33%. The cumulative foreclosure rate would have to rise to 42% before principal is impaired. The current foreclosure rate of the portfolio is about 2.7%.
Commercial mortgage-backed securities
 
 
Mortgage-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Amortized Cost at March 31, 2011
 
 
 
U.S. Investment Grade Corporate and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Market Value at March 31, 2011
 
 
U.S. Investment Grade Corporate Fixed Income Portfolio
 
The average credit quality of ACE's US investment grade bond portfolio is high at A.
 
ACE prohibits investments in complex structured securities (e.g. CDOs, CLOs) and over-the-counter derivatives and does not permit the use of portfolio leverage.
 
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
 
 
Below Investment Grade Corporate and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Market Value at March 31, 2011
 
 
Below Investment Grade Corporate Fixed Income Portfolio
 
ACE manages high yield bonds as a distinct and separate asset class from investment grade bonds. ACE's allocation to high yield bonds is explicitly set by internal management and is targeted to securities in the upper tier of credit quality (BB/B). Our minimum rating for initial purchase is BB/B.
 
Six external investment managers are responsible for high yield security selection and portfolio construction.
 
ACE's high yield managers have a conservative approach to credit selection and very low historical default experience.
 
Securities holdings are highly diversified across industries and are subject to a 1.5% issuer limit as a percentage of high yield allocation. The portfolio comprises over 700 issuers with our largest current issuer exposure at $79 million. ACE monitors position limits on a daily basis through an internal compliance system.
 
Derivative and structured securities (e.g. credit default swaps, CLOs) are not permitted in high yield portfolios.
 
 
Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio
Market Value at March 31, 2011
 
 
Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio
 
ACE's non-U.S. investment grade fixed income portfolios are currency-matched with the insurance liabilities of ACE's non-U.S. operations.
 
83% of ACE's non-U.S. fixed income is denominated in G7 currencies.
 
Average credit quality of non-U.S. fixed income securities is very high at AA and 54% of holdings are rated AAA or guaranteed by governments or quasi-government agencies.
 
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
 
 
Investment portfolio
Top 25 Exposures - Fixed Maturity Investments
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
March 31, 2011
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
 
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations. However, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). A reconciliation of book value per common share is provided on the next page.
 
In presenting our segment operating results, we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, policy benefits, policy acquisition costs, and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense, and net realized gains (losses).
 
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) and the related tax expense (benefit) is a common performance measurement and non-GAAP measure. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in other income (expense) related to partially owned entities because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities.
 
In addition, income excluding net realized gains (losses), catastrophe losses and prior period development is also a non-GAAP measure. We present income excluding net realized gains (losses), catastrophe losses and prior period development in order that users of our financial information can view and assess the specific impact of catastrophe losses and prior period development on the relevant periods and because of the variance in those amounts in the comparable periods. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) and income excluding net realized gains (losses), catastrophe losses and prior period development should not be viewed as substitutes for net income determined in accordance with GAAP.
 
The following table presents the reconciliation of Net income to Income excluding net realized gains (losses), catastrophe losses, and prior period development:
 
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Common Share
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 
 
 
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) divided by average shareholders' equity for the period excluding unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
Shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per common share:
 
Combined Insurance Company of America, acquired April 1, 2008.
Combined Insurance:
 
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio excluding life business. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
 
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income excluding net realized gains (losses).
Effective tax rate:
 
A group of seven industrialized nations including Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, United Kingdom, and the United States.
G7:
 
Net premiums earned and net investment income less policy benefits, acquisition costs, and administrative expenses.
Life underwriting income:
 
Not meaningful.
NM:
 
Shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per common share:
 
Total capitalization less goodwill and other intangible assets.
Tangible capital:
 
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20110520104046.txt.gz
TIME:20110520104046
EVENTS:	Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
TEXT:
ITEM: Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The company convened its annual general meeting of shareholders on May 18, 2011 pursuant to notice duly given. The matters voted upon at the meeting and the results of such voting are set forth below:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: May 20, 2011


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20110602170803.txt.gz
TIME:20110602170803
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On June 2, 2011, ACE Limited (the "Company") announced that John Keogh, Vice Chairman, ACE Limited, and Chairman, ACE Overseas General, has been appointed to the additional position of Chief Operating Officer, ACE Limited. A copy of the press release announcing Mr. Keogh's appointment as Chief Operating Officer is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1, and is hereby incorporated herein by reference.
For additional information on the age, position and business experience of Mr. Keogh, see "Executive Officers of the Company," which is set forth at the end of Part I of the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, which is hereby incorporated herein by reference.
On June 2, 2011, the Company also announced that Brian Dowd, Vice Chairman, ACE Limited, and Chairman, Insurance  North America, will retire from full-time service, effective July 1, 2011. Mr. Dowd will continue to serve ACE in a part-time capacity as a member of the Office of the Chairman, reporting to Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. He will focus on underwriting-related matters including oversight of the ACE Group's product boards, the general underwriting disciplines of the company's profit centers, outward reinsurance placements and run-off operations, as well as special strategic projects. A copy of the press release announcing Mr. Dowd's retirement from full-time employment is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and is hereby incorporated herein by reference.
In the June 2, 2011 press release announcing Mr. Keogh's appointment as Chief Operating Officer, the Company also announced that John Lupica, Chief Operating Officer, Insurance  North America, and President, ACE USA, has been named Chairman, Insurance  North America, succeeding Mr. Dowd in that capacity. A copy of the press release announcing Mr. Lupica's appointment as Chairman, Insurance  North America is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1, and is hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: June 2, 2011
 

Exhibit 99.1
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
June 2, 2011  ACE Limited (NYSE:ACE) announced today that John Keogh, Vice Chairman, ACE Limited, and Chairman, ACE Overseas General, has been appointed to the additional position of Chief Operating Officer, ACE Limited. Mr. Keogh will be responsible for all property and casualty (P&C) insurance operations of the company globally, which includes the Insurance  North American and Insurance  Overseas General business segments. Mr. Keogh will retain his specific executive responsibilities as Chairman, ACE Overseas General, which encompasses ACE's P&C and accident and health (A&H) insurance operations outside North America.
ZURICH 
"It is with great pleasure that I announce the appointment of John Keogh to Chief Operating Officer of ACE," said Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, ACE Limited. "This new position, with executive responsibility that spans the company's diverse insurance product offerings around the globe, is an acknowledgment of John's substantial contributions to the success of our international business and his extensive knowledge of and experience in the U.S. P&C industry over a 25-year career. John is a superior insurance executive with global experience. His leadership, character and drive are all tremendous assets that I am confident will continue to benefit our company for years to come."
In addition, the company announced that John Lupica, Chief Operating Officer, Insurance  North America, and President, ACE USA, has been named Chairman, Insurance  North America, succeeding Mr. Dowd in that capacity. Mr. Lupica will be responsible for all P&C insurance operations of the company in the U.S., Canada and Bermuda. Mr. Lupica, who will now report to Mr. Keogh and become a member of the company's Executive Committee, will retain his specific executive responsibilities as President of ACE USA.
"I want to congratulate John Lupica on his appointment to Chairman, Insurance  North America," said Mr. Greenberg. "John is a tremendous insurance executive and has played a key role in building and managing our successful ACE USA franchise. He more recently assumed executive responsibility for our ACE Westchester insurance group where he led a successful change of management and leadership. With his renowned discipline and drive, John will now be responsible for an insurance organization that serves large corporate customers, middle-market and small businesses and individual consumers through a variety of distribution channels including retail and wholesale brokerage and independent agency."
Mr. Keogh joined ACE in 2006 to head the company's Overseas General business. He was appointed Vice Chairman of ACE Limited in 2010. Mr. Keogh joined ACE after more than 20 years with American International Group (AIG), where he last served as Senior Vice President, Domestic General Insurance, and President and Chief Executive Officer of National Union Fire Insurance Company, AIG's company that specializes in directors and officers liability and fiduciary liability coverages.
With more than 20 years in the insurance business, Mr. Lupica joined ACE USA as Executive Vice President of Professional Risk in 2000. Prior to joining ACE, Mr. Lupica served as Senior Vice President for Munich-American Risk Partners, Inc. He also held various management positions at AIG.
Celebrating 25 years of insuring progress, the ACE Group is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE), a component of the S&P 500 stock index, the ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries and customers in more than 170 countries. Additional information can be found at: www.acegroup.com.
 

Exhibit 99.2
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
June 2, 2011  ACE Limited (NYSE:ACE) announced today that Brian Dowd, Vice Chairman, ACE Limited, and Chairman, Insurance  North America, will retire from full-time service, effective July 1, 2011. Mr. Dowd will continue to serve ACE in a part-time capacity as a member of the Office of the Chairman, reporting to Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. He will focus on underwriting-related matters including oversight of the ACE Group's product boards, the general underwriting disciplines of the company's profit centers, outward reinsurance placements and run-off operations, as well as special strategic projects.
ZURICH 
"On behalf of all my colleagues and our Board of Directors, I want to extend our deepest gratitude to Brian Dowd," said Mr. Greenberg. "In his 15 years with ACE, Brian has made a tremendous contribution to our company, helping to transform ACE from a small Bermuda-based specialty writer to a top 10 global multi-line insurer. Brian's leadership, underwriting wisdom and exemplary character have all added to a tremendous legacy here at ACE.
"A great friend and colleague whom I have relied on closely over the years, Brian expressed a desire some time ago to pursue other interests and focus on his family. Over an extended period of time, we thoughtfully and carefully planned this transition. I am delighted that the company and I will continue to benefit from his counsel as a member of the Office of the Chairman."
Celebrating 25 years of insuring progress, the ACE Group is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE), a component of the S&P 500 stock index, the ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries and customers in more than 170 countries. Additional information can be found at: www.acegroup.com.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20110726163548.txt.gz
TIME:20110726163548
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On July 26, 2011, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its second quarter 2011 results and the availability of its second quarter 2011 financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: July 26, 2011
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 
 
 ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported net income for the quarter ended June 30, 2011 of $1.77 per share, compared with $1.98 per share for the same quarter last year
ZURICH, July 26, 2011
(1)
; income excluding net realized gains (losses) was $2.01 per share for both periods.
(2)
Book value increased $737 million during the quarter, up 3% from March 31, 2011. Book value per share stands at $71.36. Annualized operating return on average equity for the quarter was 12.3%.
(3)
The property and casualty (P&C) combined ratio for the quarter was 92.6%.
 
 
Net income for the six months ended June 30, 2011, was $2.54 per share, compared with $4.21 per share for the same period in 2010. For the six months ended June 30, 2011, income excluding net realized gains (losses) was $2.80 per share, compared with $3.72 per share for 2010. Book value increased $1.1 billion, up 5% from December 31, 2010. The P&C combined ratio for the six months ended June 30, 2011, was 98.4%.
 
 
 
Evan G. Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "ACE had an excellent second quarter. Operating income was $686 million and our ROE was approximately 12.5%. Book value and book value per share grew 3% in the quarter and are up 5% and 4%, respectively, for the year.
 
"For the industry, this was another difficult quarter for natural catastrophes, while the challenges of a competitive insurance market globally and sluggish economic conditions in developed markets continue to weigh on growth. In contrast, our strategy of investing for growth, both organically and through acquisition, while resolutely maintaining underwriting discipline, continues to distinguish our company in terms of revenue growth, earnings and risk management. Our P&C net premiums grew 15% in the quarter while our combined ratio was 92.6%, which included net catastrophe losses of just over $100 million.
 
"Looking ahead to the second half of the year, we are confident we will achieve double-digit revenue growth and meet or exceed our updated earnings projections. We are well positioned to capitalize on a modestly improving commercial P&C pricing environment. In light of what we now know, we are raising full-year guidance to $6.00 - $6.20 per share of after-tax operating income from $5.40 - $5.70 per share projected at the end of last quarter."
 
Operating highlights for the quarter ended June 30, 2011, were as follows:
(1)
 
 
 
Details of our financial results for our business segments are available in the ACE Limited Financial Supplement. Key segment items for the quarter ended June 30, 2011, include:
 
 
Please refer to the ACE Limited dated June 30, 2011, which is posted on our website in the Investor Information section, and access Financial Reports for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, investment portfolio and capital structure.
Financial Supplement,
 
The company is increasing earnings guidance for full-year 2011 as a result of actual experience in the second quarter, a projected higher run rate for investment income and a projected increase in underwriting results for the second half. Operating income is now expected to range between $6.00 and $6.20 per share for the full year. This includes $544 million after-tax in catastrophe losses for the first half, plus $200 million after-tax in catastrophe losses for the balance of the year. The guidance also includes $187 million of after-tax positive prior period development reflected in the first half. There is no prior period development included in our guidance for the second half.
 
ACE will host its second quarter earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday, July 27, 2011, beginning at 8:30 a.m. Eastern. The earnings conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 800-967-7134 (within the United States) or 719-325-2122 (international); passcode 3473741. Please refer to the ACE Limited website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available for approximately one month. To listen to the replay, dial: 888-203-1112 (in the United States) or 719-457-0820 (international); passcode 3473741.
www.acegroup.com
 
The ACE Group is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited (NYSE:ACE), the ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at:
www.acegroup.com
 
(1)
All comparisons are with the same period last year unless specifically stated.
(2)
Non-GAAP Financial Measures:
 
is a common performance measurement for insurance companies. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in Other income (expense) related to partially-owned entities because the amounts of these gains (losses) do not relate to their respective operations.
Operating Income or Income excluding net realized gains (losses), net of tax
 
is calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, policy benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting income and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including net investment income, other income (expense), interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses). Life underwriting income includes net investment income. We believe the use of these measures enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
Underwriting income
See reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on page 27 in the financial supplement. These measures should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
(3)
Calculated using income excluding net realized gains (losses) divided by average shareholders' equity for the period excluding unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity. To annualize a quarterly rate, multiply by four.
(4)
Book value per common share is shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding. Tangible book value per common share is shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets divided by the shares outstanding.
NM  not meaningful comparison
 
:
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
 
Forward-looking statements made in this press release, such as those related to company performance and guidance, recent corporate developments and acquisitions, our products and product mix, economic outlook and insurance market conditions, reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, our forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, integration activities and performance of acquired companies, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments and actual settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war, and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated Constant Dollar
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Second Quarter Catastrophe Loss Charges - 2011
 
 
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
Life
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Market Value at June 30, 2011
 
 
total $13.5 billion, are rated predominantly AAA and comprise 26% of the fixed income portfolio. This compares to a 36% mortgage-backed weighting in representative indices of the U.S. fixed income market. The minimum rating for initial purchases of mortgage-backed securities is AAA.
Mortgage-backed securities
 
with implied or explicit government guarantees total $10.9 billion and represent 91% of the residential mortgage-backed portfolio.
Securities issued by Federal agencies
 
are backed by prime collateral, and broadly diversified in over 160,000 loans. The portfolio's loan-to-value ratio is approximately 69% with an average FICO score of 730. With this conservative loan-to-value ratio and subordinated collateral of 9%, the cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate would have to rise to 14% and real estate values would have to fall 12% from their current levels before principal is impaired. The current foreclosure rate of ACE's non-agency RMBS portfolio is 9%.
Non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities
 
of $1.5 billion are rated predominantly AAA, broadly diversified with over 16,000 loans and seasoned with 67% of the portfolio issued before 2006 and 19% of the portfolio issued after 2009. The average loan-to-value ratio is approximately 67% with a debt service coverage ratio in excess of 1.7 and weighted average subordinated collateral of 32%. The cumulative foreclosure rate would have to rise to 41% before principal is impaired. The current foreclosure rate of the portfolio is about 2.7%.
Commercial mortgage-backed securities
 
 
Mortgage-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Amortized Cost at June 30, 2011
 
 
 
U.S. Investment Grade Corporate and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Market Value at June 30, 2011
 
 
U.S. Investment Grade Corporate Fixed Income Portfolio
 
The average credit quality of ACE's US investment grade bond portfolio is high at A.
 
ACE prohibits investments in complex structured securities (e.g. CDOs, CLOs) and over-the-counter derivatives and does not permit the use of portfolio leverage.
 
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
 
 
Below Investment Grade Corporate and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Market Value at June 30, 2011
 
 
 
Below Investment Grade Corporate Fixed Income Portfolio
 
ACE manages high yield bonds as a distinct and separate asset class from investment grade bonds. ACE's allocation to high yield bonds is explicitly set by internal management and is targeted to securities in the upper tier of credit quality (BB/B). Our minimum rating for initial purchase is BB/B.
 
Six external investment managers are responsible for high yield security selection and portfolio construction.
 
ACE's high yield managers have a conservative approach to credit selection and very low historical default experience.
 
Securities holdings are highly diversified across industries and are subject to a 1.5% issuer limit as a percentage of high yield allocation. The portfolio comprises over 700 issuers with our largest current issuer exposure at $77 million. ACE monitors position limits on a daily basis through an internal compliance system.
 
Derivative and structured securities (e.g. credit default swaps, CLOs) are not permitted in high yield portfolios.
 
 
Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio
Market Value at June 30, 2011
 
 
 
Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio
 
ACE's non-U.S. investment grade fixed income portfolios are currency-matched with the insurance liabilities of ACE's non-U.S. operations.
 
81% of ACE's non-U.S. fixed income is denominated in G7 currencies.
 
Average credit quality of non-U.S. fixed income securities is very high at AA and 53% of holdings are rated AAA or guaranteed by governments or quasi-government agencies.
 
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
 
 
European Country Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio (Excluding United Kingdom)
Market Value at June 30, 2011
 
 
Note: ACE has no investments in Greece
 
Top 10 Exposures - European Banks (Excluding United Kingdom)
 
 
Top 10 Exposures - European Corporate (Excluding United Kingdom)
 
 
 
Investment portfolio
Top 25 Exposures - Fixed Maturity Investments
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
June 30, 2011
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
 
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations. However, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). A reconciliation of book value per common share is provided on the next page.
 
In presenting our segment operating results, we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, policy benefits, policy acquisition costs, and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense, and net realized gains (losses).
 
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) and the related tax expense (benefit) is a common performance measurement and non-GAAP measure. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in other income (expense) related to partially owned entities because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with GAAP.
 
The following table presents the reconciliation of Net income to Income excluding net realized gains (losses):
 
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Common Share
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 
 
 
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) divided by average shareholders' equity for the period excluding unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
 
Shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per common share:
 
Combined Insurance Company of America, acquired April 1, 2008.
Combined Insurance:
 
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio excluding life business. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
 
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income excluding net realized gains (losses).
Effective tax rate:
 
A group of seven industrialized nations including Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, United Kingdom, and the United States.
G7:
 
Net premiums earned and net investment income less policy benefits, acquisition costs, and administrative expenses.
Life underwriting income:
 
Not meaningful.
NM:
 
Shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per common share:
 
Total capitalization less goodwill and other intangible assets.
Tangible capital:
 
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20110815155736.txt.gz
TIME:20110815155736
EVENTS:	Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
TEXT:
ITEM: Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Explanatory Note
ACE Limited (the "Company") hereby amends its Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 20, 2011 to disclose the Company's Board of Directors (the "Board") determination with respect to the frequency of future shareholder non-binding advisory votes on the compensation of the Company's named executive officers. No other changes have been made to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 20, 2011.
Item 5.07 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.
After taking into account the results of the shareholder advisory vote on the frequency of say-on-pay conducted at the 2011 annual general meeting, the Board of Directors decided that it shall be the Company's current policy to submit the compensation of its named executive officers to shareholders for a non-binding advisory vote annually, at least until the Company's next annual general meeting at which an advisory vote on the frequency of say-on-pay votes is conducted.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: August 15, 2011


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20110815160336.txt.gz
TIME:20110815160336
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On August 11, 2011, the Board of Directors (the "Board") amended the Organizational Regulations of ACE Limited (the "Company"), primarily to reflect its constitution of a new Finance & Risk Committee, which assumed duties and responsibilities previously handled separately by a Finance and Investment Committee and a Risk Committee. The Organizational Regulations include updated duties and responsibilities of the newly constituted Finance & Risk Committee, which are contained in Section 9, as well as some clarifications for consistency. The Board also revised Sections 7.5 and 10.5 of the Organizational Regulations to reflect updated duties and responsibilities of the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee, respectively, and revised Section 8.4.1 regarding the composition of the Executive Committee. A copy of the amended and restated Organizational Regulations is attached hereto as Exhibit 3 and incorporated herein by reference.
 
(d) Exhibits
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE:    August 15, 2011
 

Exhibit 3
Contents
 
 
 
 
The board of directors of ACE Limited, Switzerland, ("") issues the following organizational regulations ("") based on art. 716b CO and art. 19 of the articles of association of ACE Limited ("").
Company
Organizational Regulations
Articles of Association
 
The Organizational Regulations define the organization and responsibilities of the executive bodies, i.e. the board of directors and its members (""), its committees and its chairman, the delegate of the board of directors and the chief executive officer as well as the executive management of the Company and its subsidiaries (together with the Company the ""). They implement and supplement applicable law and the Articles of Association by establishing binding rules regarding the organization of the Group and its overall management.
Board Members
Group
 
The executive bodies of the Company are:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors is entitled to pass resolutions on all matters which are not delegated to, or reserved for, the shareholders meeting or another body of the Company by law, the Articles of Association or the Organizational Regulations.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors has the following further powers and responsibilities with regard to the Company and the Group:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors delegates the management of the Company and the Group to the Chief Executive Officer and the other members of the Executive Management as provided for by these Organizational Regulations.
 
Board Members will have complete and open access to the Chief Executive Officer, chief financial officer, general counsel, chief compliance officer and the head of internal audit.
 
The Board of Directors shall elect a Chairman as well as a Lead Director (who also acts as vice-chairman) from amongst its members. The Chairman may also be appointed as the Chief Executive Officer, i.e. the Delegate.
The Board of Directors shall appoint a Secretary (a person keeping the minutes and assisting in the preparation of board meetings) who need not to be a member of the Board of Directors.
 
 
 
 
In case of urgency shorter notice periods are permitted. If all Board Members are present and agree, deviations from these formal requirements are permitted; in particular, decisions can be taken that are not mentioned on the agenda.
Furthermore, these formal requirements do not have to be observed, if a meeting is only convened in order to record the implementation of a capital increase, to pass resolutions regarding the amendments of the Articles of Association entailed therewith and to adopt the report on the capital increase.
 
 
 
 
A quorum of Board Members shall not be required in order to record the implementation of a capital increase, to pass resolutions regarding the amendments of the Articles of Association entailed therewith and to adopt the report on the capital increase.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors shall submit nominations of new Board Members for election at the shareholders meeting that ensure an adequate size and well-balanced composition of the Board of Directors and further ensure that a majority of the Board Members are independent within applicable legal and stock exchange requirements.
 
 
 
The Chairman shall preside over the shareholders meeting. Together with the person keeping the minutes, he/she shall sign the minutes of the shareholders meeting.
The Chairman has the right to call in third parties as advisors in meetings of the Board of Directors.
 
 
If the Chairman of the Board of Directors is prevented from performing his/her duties, they shall be performed by the Lead Director.
 
The Board of Directors shall appoint a Lead Director, who shall have the following responsibilities, together with such others as the Board of Directors might from time to time specify:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Each Committee is constituted by a chairman and at least one further member, each appointed by the Board of Directors among its members.
 
The term of a membership in a Committee is one year upon appointment.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Audit Committee shall receive and review periodically, but not less than annually, a report of the Company's chief actuary on the Company's loss and loss expense reserves, including any reports of outside actuaries.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Meetings of the executive committee ("") are convened in accordance with Clause 5.4. Additionally, the Delegate and the Chief Executive Officer may request a meeting.
Executive Committee
 
In case of urgencies, the Executive Committee is to exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the ultimate management of the business and affairs of the Company between the meetings of the Board of Directors, except (a) as limited by
 
Clause 2.1, the Company's Articles of Association, rules of the New York Stock Exchange or applicable law or regulation and (b) matters that are specifically reserved for another Committee of the Board of Directors.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Risk & Finance Committee helps execute the Board's supervisory responsibilities pertaining to enterprise risk management, capital structure, financing arrangements and investments.
The Risk & Finance Committee's responsibilities include: (a) evaluation of the integrity and effectiveness of the Company's enterprise risk management procedures and systems and information (the); (b) oversight of policy decisions pertaining to risk aggregation and minimization, including credit risk (the); (c) assessment of the Company's major decisions and preparedness levels pertaining to perceived material risks (the; (d) oversight of the capital structure and financing arrangements in support of the Company's plans and consistent with its risk tolerances; and (e) oversight of management's investment of the Company's investible assets give input on strategies, and monitor overall conditions and developments, with respect to these assets and, again, to make sure they are consistent with the Company's risk tolerances.
cognitive
strategic
tactical)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Nominating and Governance Committee is to assist the Board of Directors in (1) identifying individuals qualified to become Board Members, and recommending to the Board Members nominees for the next annual general shareholders meeting or to fill vacancies; and (2) developing and recommending to the Board of Directors corporate governance guidelines for the Group.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors may designate one or more additional committees, each such committee to consist of such person or persons as may be designated by the Board of Directors. Except as expressly limited by law or by the Company's Articles of Association or by resolution of the Board of Directors, any such committee shall have and may exercise such powers and adopt such procedures as the Board of Directors may determine and specify in the resolution designating such committee.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In case of urgency shorter notice periods are permitted. If all members of the Executive Management are present and agree, deviations from these formal requirements are permitted; in particular, decisions can be taken that are not mentioned on the agenda.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Group internal audit ("") shall examine and evaluate the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's internal control environment, and the quality of performance in carrying out assigned responsibilities to achieve the Group's goals and objectives.
Group Internal Audit
In fulfilling its responsibilities, Group Internal Audit shall:
 
 
 
 
 
The organizational structure of Group Internal Audit and resource requirements necessary for Group Internal Audit to perform its activities shall be defined by the head of Group Internal Audit and submitted to the Audit Committee for approval. The head of Group Internal Audit shall review and approve all new hires and terminations of staff.
 
Group Internal Audit shall adhere to the Group's guidelines and procedures and Group Internal Audit's organization and processes manuals and guidelines or to such other standards as required by applicable law or regulation.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board Members as well as all other executive bodies and employees are obliged to maintain secrecy towards third parties regarding all facts they obtain knowledge of during the performance of their duties. These duties of non-disclosure survive the termination of the relationship of the respective individual with the Company.
 
Upon termination of the relationship with the Company all business files must be returned with the exception of documents used by a Board Member to follow-up his/her own actions.
 
The business year of the Company starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December.
 
 
These Organizational Regulations shall enter into force on the date of adoption by the Board of Directors; be it in a meeting or by circular resolution.
 
These Organizational Regulations shall be reviewed and if necessary amended on a regular basis by the Board of Directors.
 
The Company shall indemnify, in accordance with and to the full extent now or hereafter permitted by law, any member of the Board of Directors or officer of the Company who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding (including, without limitation, an action by or in the right of the Company), by reason of his acting as a director or officer of the Company, against any liability or expense actually and reasonably incurred by such person in respect thereof. The Company shall advance the expenses of defending any such act, suit or proceeding in accordance with and to the full extent now or hereafter permitted by law. Such indemnification and advancement of expenses are not exclusive of any other right to indemnification or advancement of expenses provided by law or otherwise.
The Board of Directors may authorize the Company to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of another company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, or in a fiduciary or other capacity with respect to any employee benefit plan maintained by the Company, against any liability asserted against him and incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Article 18.
 
Zurich, Switzerland
August 11, 2011
The Chairman of the Board of Directors:
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20111025172643.txt.gz
TIME:20111025172643
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On October 25, 2011, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its third quarter 2011 results and the availability of its third quarter 2011 financial supplement. The press release and the financial supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: October 25, 2011
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 
 
 ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported a net loss for the quarter ended September 30, 2011, of $0.09 per share, compared with net income of $1.97 per share for the same quarter last year;
ZURICH, October 25, 2011
(1)
income excluding net realized gains (losses) was $2.22 per share, compared with $2.01 per share for the same quarter last year.
(2)
Annualized operating return on average equity for the quarter was 13.6%.
(3)
The property and casualty (P&C) combined ratio for the quarter was 90.3%. The quarter was marked by financial market volatility in the credit, equity and foreign exchange markets, which impacted net income and book value. A net realized and unrealized loss contributed to a book value per share decline of 1%. Financial market volatility impacted the company's variable annuity reinsurance business resulting in a net loss of about $660 million, which comprised a realized loss of $706 million related to the change in fair-value liabilities, offset by $45 million in operating income. Book value is up 3% for the year.
 
 
Net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2011, was $2.45 per share, compared with $6.18 per share for the same period in 2010. For the nine months ended September 30, 2011, income excluding net realized gains (losses) was $5.02 per share, compared with $5.73 per share for 2010. Book value increased $776 million, up 3% from December 31, 2010. The P&C combined ratio for the nine months ended September 30, 2011, was 95.2%.
 
 
 
Evan G. Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "ACE had outstanding operating results in what were very difficult financial market conditions. All principal businesses performed well and contributed positively to the operating results in the quarter. Revenue increased 31% and after-tax operating income was $759 million, up 10% and a record for our company. Our performance in the quarter was led by excellent current accident year underwriting results that benefited from both underwriting discipline and risk management. We also had strong contributions from our recent acquisitions and very good growth in investment income driven by portfolio construction and positive cash flow. The strength of our well-balanced portfolio of businesses was in evidence, including commercial P&C globally, personal accident and life, crop and our global presence, particularly in faster growing regions such as Asia and Latin America.
 
"As a result of an historic drop in interest rates  the lowest level in over 100 years  and an equity market correction driven by Federal Reserve action and a flight to safety by investors, we incurred a substantial charge to book value from a negative mark to market in our variable annuity reinsurance business and our corporate fixed income investment portfolio. In our judgment, the majority of this mark will be transient and will reverse over time making a positive contribution to book value in future quarters.
 
"ACE is in excellent shape and we remain quite confident about our prospects for the fourth quarter and beyond."
 
Operating highlights for the quarter ended September 30, 2011, were as follows:
(1)
 
 
 
Details of our financial results for our business segments are available in the ACE Limited Financial Supplement. Key segment items for the quarter ended September 30, 2011, include:
 
 
Please refer to the ACE Limited dated September 30, 2011, which is posted on our website in the Investor Information section, and access Financial Reports for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, investment portfolio and capital structure.
Financial Supplement,
 
The company is increasing earnings guidance for full-year 2011. Operating income after tax is now expected to range between $6.55 and $6.75 per share for the full year. This includes $630 million after tax in catastrophe losses for the first three quarters, plus $75 million after tax in catastrophe losses for the fourth quarter. The guidance also includes $335 million of after-tax positive prior period development reflected in the first three quarters. There is no prior period development included in our guidance for the fourth quarter.
 
ACE will host its third quarter earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday, October 26, 2011, beginning at 8:30 a.m. Eastern. The earnings conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 800-967-7185 (within the United States) or 719-457-2654 (international); passcode 9247852. Please refer to the ACE Limited website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available for approximately one month. To listen to the replay, dial: 888-203-1112 (in the United States) or 719-457-0820 (international); passcode 9247852.
www.acegroup.com
 
The ACE Group is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited (NYSE:ACE), a component of the S&P 500 stock index, the ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at:
www.acegroup.com
 
(1)
All comparisons are with the same period last year unless specifically stated.
(2)
Non-GAAP Financial Measures:
 
is a common performance measurement for insurance companies. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in Other income (expense) related to partially-owned entities because the amounts of these gains (losses) do not relate to their respective operations.
Operating Income or Income excluding net realized gains (losses), net of tax
 
is calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, policy benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting income and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including net investment income, other income (expense), interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses). Life underwriting income includes net investment income and gains (losses) from separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). We believe the use of these measures enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
Underwriting income
 
See reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on page 23 in the financial supplement. These measures should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with GAAP.
 
(3)
Calculated using income excluding net realized gains (losses) divided by average shareholders' equity for the period excluding unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity. To annualize a quarterly rate, multiply by four.
 
(4)
Book value per common share is shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding. Tangible book value per common share is shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets divided by the shares outstanding.
 
(5)
For the three months ended September 30, 2011, weighted-average shares outstanding used in calculating net loss per share excludes the effect of dilutive securities of 2,464,705 shares. In periods where a net loss is recognized, inclusion of incremental dilution is anti-dilutive.
 
NM  not meaningful comparison
 
:
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
 
Forward-looking statements made in this press release, such as those related to company performance and guidance, recent corporate developments and acquisitions, our products and product mix, economic outlook and insurance market conditions, reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, our forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, integration activities and performance of acquired companies, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments and actual settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war, and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.2
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated Constant Dollar
 
 
 
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
Life
 
 
 
 
Explanation:
This exhibit shows the annual ranges of operating income and net income/book value accretion associated with the variable annuity reinsurance business for the next three years under two different interest rate assumptions. The upper table reflects expected interest rates currently used by the company to determine reserves for operating income purposes; the lower table reflects operating income using the "fair value" model interest rates required by derivatives accounting. Both tables use the same equity level assumptions used in the company's calculation of operating income.
Notes:
 
 
Assumptions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Mortgage-backed securities
 
total $13.8 billion, are rated predominantly AA and comprise 26% of the fixed income portfolio. This compares to a 35% mortgage-backed weighting in representative indices of the U.S. fixed income market. The minimum rating for initial purchases of mortgage-backed securities is AA for agency mortgages and AAA for non-agency mortgages.
Mortgage-backed securities
with implied or explicit government guarantees total $11.6 billion and represent 93% of the residential mortgage-backed portfolio.
Securities issued by Federal agencies
are backed by prime collateral, and broadly diversified in over 130,000 loans. The portfolio's original loan-to-value ratio is approximately 69% with an average FICO score of 730. With this conservative loan-to-value ratio and subordinated collateral of 9%, the cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate would have to rise to 13% and real estate values would have to fall 12% from their current levels before principal is impaired. The current foreclosure rate of ACE's non-agency RMBS portfolio is 9%.
Non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities
of $1.4 billion are rated predominantly AAA, broadly diversified with over 15,000 loans and seasoned with 64% of the portfolio issued before 2006 and 23% of the portfolio issued after 2009. The average loan-to-value ratio is approximately 67% with a debt service coverage ratio in excess of 1.6 and weighted average subordinated collateral of 32%. The cumulative foreclosure rate would have to rise to 42% before principal is impaired. The current foreclosure rate of the portfolio is about 2.5%.
Commercial mortgage-backed securities
 
 
U.S. Corporate and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolios
 
U.S. Investment Grade Corporate Fixed Income Portfolio
The average credit quality of ACE's US investment grade bond portfolio is high at A.
ACE prohibits investments in complex structured securities (e.g. CDOs, CLOs) and over-the-counter derivatives and does not permit the use of portfolio leverage.
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
 
U.S. Below Investment Grade Corporate Fixed Income Portfolio
ACE manages high yield bonds as a distinct and separate asset class from investment grade bonds. ACE's allocation to high yield bonds is explicitly set by internal management and is targeted to securities in the upper tier of credit quality (BB/B). Our minimum rating for initial purchase is BB/B.
Six external investment managers are responsible for high yield security selection and portfolio construction.
ACE's high yield managers have a conservative approach to credit selection and very low historical default experience.
Securities holdings are highly diversified across industries and are subject to a 1.5% issuer limit as a percentage of high yield allocation. The portfolio comprises over 700 issuers with our largest current issuer exposure at $74 million. ACE monitors position limits on a daily basis through an internal compliance system.
Derivative and structured securities (e.g. credit default swaps, CLOs) are not permitted in high yield portfolios.
 
 
Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio
Market Value at September 30, 2011
 
 
Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio
ACE's non-U.S. investment grade fixed income portfolios are currency-matched with the insurance liabilities of ACE's non-U.S. operations.
80% of ACE's non-U.S. fixed income is denominated in G7 currencies.
Average credit quality of non-U.S. fixed income securities is very high at AA and 54% of holdings are rated AAA or guaranteed by governments or quasi-government agencies.
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
 
 
Eurozone Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio (Excluding United Kingdom)
 
Note: ACE has no investments in Greece
Top 10 Exposures - Eurozone Banks (Excluding United Kingdom)
 
Top 10 Exposures - Eurozone Corporate (Excluding United Kingdom)
 
 
 
Investment portfolio
Top 25 Exposures - Fixed Maturity Investments
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note: As of September 30, 2011, there was $1.3 billion usage of credit facilities on a total commitment of $2.4 billion.
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations. However, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). A reconciliation of book value per common share is provided on the next page.
In presenting our segment operating results, we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, policy benefits, policy acquisition costs, and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense, and net realized gains (losses). Life underwriting income includes net investment income and gains (losses) from separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under GAAP.
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) and the related tax expense (benefit) is a common performance measurement and non-GAAP measure. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in other income (expense) related to partially owned entities because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with GAAP.
The following table presents the reconciliation of Net income to Income excluding net realized gains (losses):
 
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Common Share
 
 
 
 
comprises all segments including Corporate and Other.
ACE Limited Consolidated
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) divided by average shareholders' equity for the period excluding unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on ordinary shareholders' equity (ROE):
Shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per common share:
Combined Insurance Company of America, acquired April 1, 2008.
Combined Insurance:
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio excluding life business. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
Income tax expense divided by the sum of income tax expense and income excluding net realized gains (losses).
Effective tax rate:
A group of seven industrialized nations including Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, United Kingdom, and the United States.
G7:
Net premiums earned and net investment income less policy benefits, acquisition costs, and administrative expenses. In addition, Life underwriting income includes gains/losses from separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under GAAP.
Life underwriting income:
Not meaningful.
NM:
Shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per common share:
Total capitalization less goodwill and other intangible assets.
Tangible capital:
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20120110110059.txt.gz
TIME:20120110110059
EVENTS:	Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
TEXT:
ITEM: Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 5.07 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
The company convened an extraordinary general meeting on January 9, 2012 pursuant to notice duly given. The matter voted upon at the meeting and the results of such voting are set forth below:
1. Approval of amendment to increase dividends from legal reserves
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: January 10, 2012


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20120131162236.txt.gz
TIME:20120131162236
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02. Results of Operations and Financial Condition
On January 31, 2012, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its fourth quarter 2011 results and the availability of its fourth quarter 2011 Financial Supplement. The press release and the Financial Supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01. Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported net income for the quarter ended December 31, 2011, of $2.20 per share, compared with $2.92 per share for the same quarter last year;
ZURICH  January 31, 2012
(1)
income excluding net realized gains (losses) was $1.94 per share, compared with $2.05 per share for the same quarter last year.
(
2)
Book value and tangible book value increased 3% and 4%, respectively, in the quarter. Book value and tangible book value per share now stand at $72.76 and $58.43, respectively. Annualized operating return on equity for the quarter was 11.8%.
(2)
The property and casualty (P&C) combined ratio for the quarter was 92.9%.
 
For the year ended December 31, 2011, net income was $4.65 per share, compared with $9.11 per share for 2010; income excluding net realized gains (losses) was $6.97 per share, compared with $7.79 per share for 2010. Book value increased $1.5 billion, up 7% from December 31, 2010, while tangible book value increased $1.4 billion, up 8%. Operating return on equity for the year was 10.7%. The P&C combined ratio for the year was 94.6%.
 
Evan G. Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "ACE had a very good fourth quarter and year given the record natural catastrophe losses the industry incurred globally. The financial results once again demonstrated our conservative approach to risk management and underwriting as well as the benefits of a well-diversified global spread of business. After-tax operating income for the year was $2.4 billion, our operating ROE was nearly 11% and we produced a combined ratio of 94.6%. Per share book value grew 6% for the year, bringing three-year compound annual growth to almost 19%.
"Net premiums written grew 6% in the quarter and 12% for the year, driven primarily by our recent acquisitions, our global accident and health insurance business, our P&C business in Asia and Latin America, and our focused portfolio management approach to risk selection in our commercial P&C portfolio. Beginning in the third quarter, accelerating in the fourth and going into January, our commercial P&C business began to benefit from a firming market, where insurance prices in the U.S. and select markets overseas began to rise. Rates strengthened in most property and casualty classes in the U.S., with greater increases taking hold in classes where combined ratios are under significant industry stress.
"Our long-pursued strategy is to achieve product and geographic diversification on a global scale while maintaining underwriting discipline and trading market share for underwriting profit. This has given us greater balance between those product areas exposed to the P&C pricing cycle and those that are not. We continue to pursue opportunities for profitable growth in our businesses around the globe and we are well positioned to continue to do so into the future."
Operating highlights for the quarter ended December 31, 2011, and full year were as follows:
(1)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Details of our financial results for our business segments are available in the ACE Limited Financial Supplement. Key segment items for the quarter ended December 31, 2011, include:
 
 
 
 
Please refer to the ACE Limited , dated December 31, 2011, which is posted on our website in the Investor Information section, and access Financial Reports for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, investment portfolio and capital structure.
Financial Supplement
The company is issuing 2012 guidance. Operating income is expected to range between $6.65 and $7.05 per share. Catastrophe losses included in the estimate are $475 million pre-tax ($385 million after-tax), which is up from last year's catastrophe loss guidance of $370 million pre-tax ($300 million after-tax). The operating income projections included in this guidance are for current accident year results only and by definition do not include any estimate for prior period reserve development. The company's $6.85 per share guidance midpoint compares to the actual 2011 accident year result of $5.68 per share and 2011 original guidance midpoint of $6.30 per share.
 
ACE will host its fourth quarter earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday, February 1, 2012, beginning at 8:30 a.m. Eastern. The earnings conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 800-479-9001 (within the United States) or 719-325-2490 (international); passcode 4710339. Please refer to the ACE Limited website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available for approximately one month. To listen to the replay, dial: 888-203-1112 (in the United States) or 719-457-0820 (international); passcode 4710339.
www.acegroup.com
The ACE Group is a global leader in insurance and reinsurance serving a diverse group of clients. Headed by ACE Limited (NYSE:ACE), the ACE Group conducts its business on a worldwide basis with operating subsidiaries in more than 50 countries. Additional information can be found at:
www.acegroup.com
 
is a common performance measurement for insurance companies. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in other income (expense) related to partially-owned entities because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities.
Operating income or income excluding net realized gains (losses), net of tax
is calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, policy benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting income and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including net investment income, other income (expense), interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses). Life underwriting income includes net investment income and gains (losses) from separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). P&C underwriting income and consolidated underwriting income are non-GAAP financial measures. We believe the use of these measures enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
Underwriting income
is a non-GAAP financial measure. The ROE numerator includes income adjusted to exclude net realized gains (losses). The ROE denominator includes the average shareholders' equity for the period adjusted to exclude unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity. To annualize a quarterly rate, multiply by four. Annualized ROE calculated using income excluding realized gains (losses) is a useful measure as it enhances the understanding of the return on shareholders' equity by highlighting the underlying profitability relative to shareholders' equity excluding the effect of unrealized gains and losses on our investments.
Annualized operating return on equity (ROE) or annualized ROE calculated using income excluding net realized gains (losses)
is shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per common share
is shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per common share
See reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on pages 20-21 in the Financial Supplement. These measures should not be viewed as a substitute for net income or return on equity determined in accordance with GAAP.
NM  not meaningful comparison
 
:
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
Forward-looking statements made in this press release, such as those related to company performance and guidance, recent corporate developments and acquisitions, our products and product mix, economic outlook and insurance market conditions, reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, our forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, integration activities and performance of acquired companies, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments and actual settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war, and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Table of Contents
Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
InsuranceNorth American
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
InsuranceOverseas General
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
Life
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
Mortgage-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Mortgage-backed securities
 
 
total $13.2 billion, are rated predominantly AA and comprise 25% of the fixed income portfolio. This compares to a 34% mortgage-backed weighting in representative indices of the U.S. fixed income market. The minimum rating for initial purchases of mortgage-backed securities is AA for agency mortgages and AAA for non-agency mortgages.
Mortgage-backed securities
with implied or explicit government guarantees total $11.1 billion and represent 93% of the residential mortgage-backed portfolio.
Securities issued by Federal agencies
are backed by prime collateral, and broadly diversified in over 129,000 loans. The portfolio's original loan-to-value ratio is approximately 68% with an average FICO score of 730. With this conservative loan-to-value ratio and subordinated collateral of 7%, the cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate would have to rise to 12% before principal is significantly impaired. The current foreclosure rate of ACE's non-agency RMBS portfolio is 9%.
Non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities
of $1.3 billion are rated predominantly AAA, broadly diversified with over 14,000 loans and seasoned with 60% of the portfolio issued before 2006 and 27% of the portfolio issued after 2009. The average loan-to-value ratio is approximately 65% with a debt service coverage ratio in excess of 1.7 and weighted average subordinated collateral of 33%. The cumulative foreclosure rate would have to rise to 43% before principal is impaired. The current foreclosure rate of the portfolio is about 2.7%.
Commercial mortgage-backed securities
 
Table of Contents
 
U.S. Corporate and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolios
Market Value at December 31, 2011
U.S. Investment Grade Corporate Fixed Income Portfolio
The average credit quality of ACE's US investment grade bond portfolio is high at A.
ACE prohibits investments in complex structured securities (e.g. CDOs, CLOs) and over-the-counter derivatives and does not permit the use of portfolio leverage.
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
Market Value at December 31, 2011
 
U.S. Below Investment Grade Corporate Fixed Income Portfolio
ACE manages high yield bonds as a distinct and separate asset class from investment grade bonds. ACE's allocation to high yield bonds is explicitly set by internal management and is targeted to securities in the upper tier of credit quality (BB/B). Our minimum rating for initial purchase is BB/B.
Six external investment managers are responsible for high yield security selection and portfolio construction.
ACE's high yield managers have a conservative approach to credit selection and very low historical default experience.
Securities holdings are highly diversified across industries and are subject to a 1.5% issuer limit as a percentage of high yield allocation. The portfolio comprises over 700 issuers with our largest current issuer exposure at $81 million. ACE monitors position limits on a daily basis through an internal compliance system.
Derivative and structured securities (e.g. credit default swaps, CLOs) are not permitted in high yield portfolios.
 
Table of Contents
 
Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio
December 31, 2011
 
Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio
ACE's non-U.S. investment grade fixed income portfolios are currency-matched with the insurance liabilities of ACE's non-U.S. operations.
80% of ACE's non-U.S. fixed income is denominated in G7 currencies.
Average credit quality of non-U.S. fixed income securities is very high at AA and 54% of holdings are rated AAA or guaranteed by governments or quasi-government agencies.
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
 
Table of Contents
 
Eurozone Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio (Excluding United Kingdom)
December 31, 2011
Note: ACE has no investments in Greece
Top 10 ExposuresEurozone Banks (Excluding United Kingdom)
 
Top 10 ExposuresEurozone Corporate (Excluding United Kingdom)
 
 
Table of Contents
 
Investment portfolio
Top 25 ExposuresFixed Maturity Investments
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
Note: As of December 31, 2011, there was $1.9 billion usage of credit facilities on a total commitment of $2.4 billion.
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
Regulation GNon-GAAP Financial Measures
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations. However, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). A reconciliation of book value per common share is provided on page 22.
In presenting our segment operating results, we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, policy benefits, policy acquisition costs, and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense, and net realized gains (losses). Life underwriting income includes net investment income and gains (losses) from separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under GAAP.
Loss and loss expense ratio excluding the impact of catastrophe losses and prior period development (PPD) is a non-GAAP financial measure. The loss ratio numerator includes Losses and loss expenses adjusted to exclude catastrophe losses and PPD. The loss ratio denominator includes Net premiums earned adjusted to exclude the amount of reinstatement premiums (expensed) collected. In periods where there are adjustments on loss sensitive policies, these adjustments are excluded from PPD and net earned premiums when calculating this ratio. We believe that excluding the impact of catastrophe losses and PPD provides a better evaluation of our core underwriting performance and enhances the understanding of the trends in our property & casualty business that may be obscured by these items.
Annualized ROE calculated using income excluding net realized gains (losses) is a non-GAAP financial measure. The ROE numerator includes income adjusted to exclude net realized gains (losses). The ROE denominator includes the average shareholders' equity for the period adjusted to exclude unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity. To annualize a quarterly rate, multiply by four. Annualized ROE calculated using income excluding realized gains (losses) is a useful measure as it enhances the understanding of the return on shareholders' equity by highlighting the underlying profitability relative to shareholders' equity excluding the effect of unrealized gains and losses on our investments.
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) and the related tax expense (benefit) is a common performance measurement for insurance companies and non-GAAP measure. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in other income (expense) related to partially owned entities because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with GAAP.
The following table presents the reconciliation of Net income to Income excluding net realized gains (losses):
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
Regulation GNon-GAAP Financial Measures (continued)
The following table presents the reconciliation of effective tax rate to the effective tax rate on income excluding net realized gains (losses):
 
The following table presents the reconciliation of annualized ROE calculated using net income to annualized ROE calculated using income excluding net realized gains (losses):
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
comprises all segments including Corporate and Other.
ACE Limited Consolidated
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) divided by average shareholders' equity for the period excluding unrealized gains (losses) on investments and the deferred tax component included in shareholders' equity. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on equity calculated using income excluding net realized gains (losses):
Shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per common share:
Combined Insurance Company of America, acquired April 1, 2008.
Combined Insurance:
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio excluding life business. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
Income tax expense excluding tax expense (benefit) on net realized gains (losses) divided by income excluding net realized gains (losses) before tax.
Effective tax rate on income excluding net realized gains (losses):
A group of seven industrialized nations including Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, United Kingdom, and the United States.
G7:
Net premiums earned and net investment income less policy benefits, acquisition costs, and administrative expenses. In addition, Life underwriting income includes gains/losses from separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under GAAP.
Life underwriting income:
Not meaningful.
NM:
Shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per common share:
Total capitalization less goodwill and other intangible assets.
Tangible capital:
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20120213061828.txt.gz
TIME:20120213061828
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) Bruce L. Crockett and John A. Krol, members of the Board of Directors of ACE Limited (the "Company"), have determined to not stand for re-election to the Board at the Company's 2012 Annual General Meeting. Mr. Crockett has served the Company since 1995 and is a member of the Company's Risk and Finance Committee. Mr. Krol has been a director since 2001, is a member of the Nominating and Governance Committee and also Chairman of the Compensation Committee. In 2011, Mr. Krol reached the Board retirement age as contemplated by the Company's Corporate Governance Guidelines, but at the request of the disinterested members of the Board he graciously agreed to remain in his roles as director and Chairman of the Compensation Committee for a one-year term, which ends as of the Annual Meeting.
The decisions with respect to both directors were not the result of any disagreement with the Company. The Company is grateful for their service. Mr. Crockett and Mr. Krol will both remain on the Board and maintain their respective Committee memberships until the Annual Meeting, which is scheduled to occur in May 2012.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: February 13, 2012


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20120312152853.txt.gz
TIME:20120312152853
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ACE Limited (the "Company") amended Articles 3 and 5 of its Articles of Association effective March 8, 2012 to reflect share issuances out of conditional share capital since March 2011. The amended Articles accordingly indicate an increase in the number of registered common shares and a corresponding decrease in the number of shares of conditional share capital designated for employee benefits purposes. The Articles were otherwise unchanged. As a result, the Company now has 342,832,412 registered common shares, each with par value of CHF 30.27.
A copy of the amended and restated Articles of Association is attached hereto as Exhibit 3 and incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: March 12, 2012
 

Exhibit 3
 
 
2
 
3
 
4
 
5
 
6
 
7
 
8
 
9
 
10
 
11
 
12
 
13
 
14
 
15
 
16
 
17
 
18
 
19
 
20
 
21


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20120424164700.txt.gz
TIME:20120424164700
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On April 24, 2012, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its first quarter 2012 results and the availability of its first quarter 2012 Financial Supplement. The Press Release and the Financial Supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
DATE: April 24, 2012
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 
 
 ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported net income for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, of $2.84 per share, compared with $0.73 per share for the same quarter last year.
ZURICH  April 24, 2012
(1)
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) was $2.05 per share, compared with $0.76 per share for the same quarter last year.
(2)
Book value and tangible book value increased 4.5% and 5.3%, respectively, from December 31, 2011. Book value and tangible book value per share now stand at $75.09 and $60.74, respectively. Annualized operating return on equity for the quarter was 12.2%.
(2)
The property and casualty (P&C) combined ratio for the quarter was 89.2%.
 
 
Evan G. Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "ACE had a good first quarter and strong start to the year. After-tax operating income topped $700 million and our operating ROE surpassed 12%. Book value grew 4.5% in the quarter. Our balance sheet is in excellent shape  capital now exceeds $30 billion and shareholders' equity exceeds $25 billion.
 
"Our underwriting results were simply excellent as demonstrated by a P&C combined ratio of 89.2%. We and much of the industry benefited from relatively light catastrophe losses in the quarter, particularly compared to prior year. It's noteworthy that our operating income excluding catastrophes was up 2% over the first quarter last year. As for revenue, total company net premiums written grew 3.7% in the quarter, right in line with our plans. We expect our company's premium growth rate to accelerate as the year progresses.
 
"Insurance rates were in line with or marginally better than our expectations. In fact, this was the strongest quarter yet for rate increases, which were more broad-based. Rates on our U.S. business were up 3.6% on average. We benefited from improved pricing in many of our property-related classes and modestly improved pricing in certain casualty classes. As a result, our customer retention rates improved globally and we incrementally increased our new business writings. At the same time, we continued to shed lines of business, particularly U.S. general market workers' compensation, where pricing for some time has not met our standards for earning an underwriting profit."
 
Operating highlights for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, were as follows:
(1)
 
 
 
Details of our financial results for our business segments are available in the ACE Limited Financial Supplement. Key segment items for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, include:
 
 
The company is issuing updated guidance for full-year 2012 to account for the positive first quarter prior period reserve development and the lower-than-planned catastrophe losses realized in the first quarter. The range is $7.03 to $7.43 per share in after-tax operating income for the year. This includes estimated catastrophe losses of $325 million after tax for the second through fourth quarters.
 
Please refer to the ACE Limited , dated March 31, 2012, which is posted on our website in the Investor Information section, and access Financial Reports for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, investment portfolio and capital structure.
Financial Supplement
 
ACE will host its first quarter earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday, April 25, 2012, beginning at 8:30 a.m. Eastern. The earnings conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 888-300-2343 (within the United States) or 719-325-2204 (international); passcode 4955002. Please refer to the ACE Limited website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available until May 9, 2012. To listen to the replay, dial: 888-203-1112 (in the United States) or 719-457-0820 (international); passcode 4955002.
www.acegroup.com
 
The ACE Group is one of the world's largest multiline property and casualty insurers. With operations in 53 countries, ACE provides commercial and personal property and casualty insurance, personal accident and supplemental health insurance, reinsurance and life insurance to a diverse group of clients. ACE Limited, the parent company of the ACE Group, is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: ACE) and is a component of the S&P 500 index. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acegroup.com
 
(1)
All comparisons are with the same period last year unless specifically stated.
(2)
Non-GAAP Financial Measures:
 
is a common performance measurement for insurance companies. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in other income (expense) related to partially-owned entities because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities.
Operating income or income excluding net realized gains (losses), net of tax
 
is calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, policy benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting income and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including net investment income, other income (expense), interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses). Life underwriting income includes net investment income and gains (losses) from fair value changes in separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). P&C underwriting income and consolidated underwriting income are non-GAAP financial measures. We believe the use of these measures enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
Underwriting income
 
is a non-GAAP financial measure. The ROE numerator includes income adjusted to exclude net realized gains (losses), net of tax. The ROE denominator includes the average shareholders' equity for the period adjusted to exclude unrealized gains (losses) on investments, net of tax. To annualize a quarterly rate, multiply by four. Annualized ROE calculated using income excluding realized gains (losses) is a useful measure as it enhances the understanding of the return on shareholders' equity by highlighting the underlying profitability relative to shareholders' equity excluding the effect of unrealized gains and losses on our investments.
Annualized operating return on equity (ROE) or annualized ROE calculated using income excluding net realized gains (losses)
 
is shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per common share
 
is shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per common share
 
is a non-GAAP financial measure.
Operating effective tax rate or effective tax rate on income excluding net realized gains (losses)
 
See reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on pages 20-21 in the Financial Supplement. These measures should not be viewed as a substitute for net income, return on equity, or effective tax rate determined in accordance with GAAP.
 
(3)
Refer to the Financial Supplement page 1 for further detail.
 
NM  not meaningful comparison
 
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:
 
Forward-looking statements made in this press release, such as those related to company performance and guidance, economic outlook and insurance market conditions, reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, our forward-looking statements could be affected by competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, integration activities and performance of acquired companies, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments and actual settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war, and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.2
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
Adoption of New Accounting Pronouncement:
Shareholders' equity and book value per common share at December 31, 2011 and March 31, 2011 and annualized ROE percentages for the three months ended March 31, 2011 have been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the adoption of new guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board related to the accounting for costs associated with acquiring or renewing insurance contracts. The adoption of this guidance decreased shareholders' equity by $181 million as of December 31, 2011. The effect of the adoption of the new guidance on net income for the three months ended March 31, 2011 was $10 million.
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Life
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Mortgage-backed securities
 
total $12.8 billion, are rated predominantly AA and comprise 24% of the fixed income portfolio. This compares to a 33% mortgage-backed weighting in representative indices of the U.S. fixed income market. The minimum rating for initial purchases of mortgage-backed securities is AA for agency mortgages and AAA for non-agency mortgages.
Mortgage-backed securities
with implied or explicit government guarantees total $10.9 billion and represent 94% of the residential mortgage-backed portfolio.
Securities issued by Federal agencies
are backed by prime collateral, and broadly diversified in over 92,000 loans. The portfolio's original loan-to-value ratio is approximately 67% with an average FICO score of 730. With this conservative loan-to-value ratio and subordinated collateral of 6%, the cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate would have to rise to 10% before principal is significantly impaired. The current foreclosure rate of ACE's non-agency RMBS portfolio is 8%.
Non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities
of $1.2 billion are rated predominantly AAA, broadly diversified with over 14,000 loans and seasoned with 54% of the portfolio issued before 2006 and 32% of the portfolio issued after 2009. The average loan-to-value ratio is approximately 65% with a debt service coverage ratio in excess of 1.8 and weighted average subordinated collateral of 31%. The cumulative foreclosure rate would have to rise to 43% before principal is impaired. The current foreclosure rate of the portfolio is about 2.7%.
Commercial mortgage-backed securities
 
 
U.S. Corporate and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolios
 
U.S. Investment Grade Corporate Fixed Income Portfolio
The average credit quality of ACE's US investment grade bond portfolio is high at A.
ACE prohibits investments in complex structured securities (e.g. CDOs, CLOs) and over-the-counter derivatives and does not permit the use of portfolio leverage.
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
 
U.S. Below Investment Grade Corporate Fixed Income Portfolio
ACE manages high yield bonds as a distinct and separate asset class from investment grade bonds. ACE's allocation to high yield bonds is explicitly set by internal management and is targeted to securities in the upper tier of credit quality (BB/B). Our minimum rating for initial purchase is BB/B.
Six external investment managers are responsible for high yield security selection and portfolio construction.
ACE's high yield managers have a conservative approach to credit selection and very low historical default experience.
Securities holdings are highly diversified across industries and are subject to a 1.5% issuer limit as a percentage of high yield allocation. The portfolio comprises over 700 issuers with our largest current issuer exposure at $91 million. ACE monitors position limits on a daily basis through an internal compliance system.
Derivative and structured securities (e.g. credit default swaps, CLOs) are not permitted in high yield portfolios.
 
 
 
Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio
March 31, 2012
 
Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio
ACE's non-U.S. investment grade fixed income portfolios are currency-matched with the insurance liabilities of ACE's non-U.S. operations.
79% of ACE's non-U.S. fixed income is denominated in G7 currencies.
Average credit quality of non-U.S. fixed income securities is very high at AA and 54% of holdings are rated AAA or guaranteed by governments or quasi-government agencies.
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
 
 
Eurozone Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio (Excluding United Kingdom)
 
Note: ACE has no investments in Greece
Top 10 Exposures - Eurozone Banks (Excluding United Kingdom)
 
Top 10 Exposures - Eurozone Corporate (Excluding United Kingdom)
 
 
 
Investment portfolio
Top 25 Exposures - Fixed Maturity Investments
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note: As of March 31, 2012, there was $1.9 billion usage of credit facilities on a total commitment of $2.4 billion.
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations. However, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). A reconciliation of book value per common share is provided on page 22.
In presenting our segment operating results, we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, policy benefits, policy acquisition costs, and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense, and net realized gains (losses). Life underwriting income includes net investment income and gains (losses) from fair value changes in separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under GAAP.
Loss and loss expense ratio excluding the impact of catastrophe losses and prior period development (PPD) is a non-GAAP financial measure. The loss ratio numerator includes Losses and loss expenses adjusted to exclude catastrophe losses and PPD. The loss ratio denominator includes Net premiums earned adjusted to exclude the amount of reinstatement premiums (expensed) collected. In periods where there are adjustments on loss sensitive policies, these adjustments are excluded from PPD and net earned premiums when calculating this ratio. We believe that excluding the impact of catastrophe losses and PPD provides a better evaluation of our core underwriting performance and enhances the understanding of the trends in our property & casualty business that may be obscured by these items.
Annualized ROE calculated using income excluding net realized gains (losses) is a non-GAAP financial measure. The ROE numerator includes income adjusted to exclude net realized gains (losses), net of tax. The ROE denominator includes the average shareholders' equity for the period adjusted to exclude unrealized gains (losses) on investments, net of tax. To annualize a quarterly rate, multiply by four. Annualized ROE calculated using income excluding realized gains (losses), net of tax, is a useful measure as it enhances the understanding of the return on shareholders' equity by highlighting the underlying profitability relative to shareholders' equity excluding the effect of unrealized gains and losses on our investments.
Income excluding net realized gains (losses), net of tax, is a common performance measurement for insurance companies and non-GAAP measure. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in other income (expense) related to partially owned entities because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with GAAP.
The following table presents the reconciliation of Net income to Income excluding net realized gains (losses):
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures (continued)
The following table presents the reconciliation of effective tax rate to the effective tax rate on income excluding net realized gains (losses):
 
The following table presents the reconciliation of annualized ROE calculated using net income to annualized ROE calculated using income excluding net realized gains (losses):
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Common Share
 
 
 
 
comprises all segments including Corporate and Other.
ACE Limited Consolidated
Income excluding net realized gains (losses), net of tax, divided by average shareholders' equity for the period excluding unrealized gains (losses) on investments, net of tax. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on equity calculated using income excluding net realized gains (losses):
Shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per common share:
Combined Insurance Company of America, acquired April 1, 2008.
Combined Insurance:
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio excluding life business. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
Income tax expense excluding tax expense (benefit) on net realized gains (losses) divided by income excluding net realized gains (losses) before tax.
Effective tax rate on income excluding net realized gains (losses):
A group of seven industrialized nations including Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, United Kingdom, and the United States.
G7:
Net premiums earned and net investment income less policy benefits, acquisition costs, and administrative expenses. In addition, Life underwriting income includes gains/losses from fair value changes in separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under GAAP.
Life underwriting income:
Not meaningful.
NM:
Shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per common share:
Total capitalization less goodwill and other intangible assets.
Tangible capital:
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20120522153453.txt.gz
TIME:20120522153453
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(e) At the company's 2012 annual general meeting, the company's shareholders approved the Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended through the fourth amendment (the "ESPP"), increasing the number of common shares available for issuance under the ESPP by 1,500,000 shares, which shares are in addition to the 3,000,000 common shares previously reserved under the ESPP. In addition to increasing the number of common shares available for issuance, the fourth amendment adds a provision excluding certain employees who are a citizen or resident of a foreign jurisdiction and makes clarifying and technical changes to certain defined terms and other provisions in the ESPP. A more complete description of the ESPP is contained in company's proxy statement, dated April 4, 2012, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, under the heading "Amendment to the ACE Limited Employee Stock Purchase Plan," which is hereby incorporated herein by reference. For the full text of the ESPP, see Exhibit 10.1 hereto, which is hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
At the company's 2012 annual general meeting, the company's shareholders approved an amendment to Article 6 of the Articles of Association to authorize the company's Board of Directors to increase the company's share capital within two years following the 2012 annual general meeting to a maximum amount equal to CHF 4,237,800,000, or 140,000,000 shares. In connection therewith, the company has undertaken to limit the number of shares (to a maximum of 68,000,000) that it will issue pursuant to, and during the two-year effective period of, this Article 6 share capital authorization without either providing the company's shareholders with the opportunity to exercise pre-emptive rights or seeking specific shareholder approval for such issuance, all as further described in the company's proxy statement dated April 4, 2012. The company's amended Articles of Association containing these amendments will become effective with publication in the Swiss Commercial Gazette, retroactive to their registration in the daily register of the Canton of Zurich, Switzerland on May 18, 2012, the same day the company filed these amendments in the Commercial Register of the Canton of Zurich, Switzerland (the "Swiss Commercial Register").
At the company's 2012 annual general meeting, the company's shareholders also prospectively approved amendments to the company's Articles of Association in conjunction with their approval of payments of a dividend in the form of distribution through par value reduction, as further described in the company's proxy statement dated April 4, 2012. Such amendments will become effective with the registration of each quarterly par value reduction in the Swiss Commercial Register.
A copy of the amended Articles of Association is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1 and incorporated herein by reference.
 
The company convened its annual general meeting of shareholders on May 16, 2012 pursuant to notice duly given. The matters voted upon at the meeting and the results of such voting are set forth below:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Under the company's Articles of Association, shareholder approval of proposals is generally determined by simple majority of votes cast, such that abstentions and broker non-votes are disregarded in the tabulation of the vote to determine approval. The exceptions to this are matters for which a specific vote requirement or tabulation is required by applicable law or by specific provision of the Articles of Association. At the 2012 annual general meeting, abstentions and broker non-votes were not considered in the vote (and thus should be disregarded) with respect for all items above, other than Agenda Item No. 5. With respect to Agenda Item No. 5, which under Article 16 of the company's Articles of Association required the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the votes present (in person or by proxy), broker non-votes and abstentions had the effect of "against" votes because they were counted as present but were not counted as affirmative "for" votes.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: May 22, 2012
 
 

Exhibit 3.1
 
 
2
 
3
 
4
 
5
 
6
 
7
 
8
 
9
 
10
 
11
 
12
 
13
 
14
 
15
 
16
 
17
 
18
 
19
 
20
 
21

Exhibit 10.1
1.1. . The ACE Limited Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "Plan") has been established by ACE Limited (the "Company") to provide eligible employees of the Company and the Related Companies with an opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company through the purchase of common shares of the Company ("Stock"). The Plan is intended to qualify as an employee stock purchase plan under section 423 of the Code, and the provisions of the Plan are to be construed in a manner consistent with the requirements of that section.
Purpose
1.2. . The operation and administration of the Plan shall be subject to the provisions of Section 3. Capitalized terms in the Plan shall be defined as set forth in Section 6 or elsewhere in the Plan.
Operation and Administration
2.1. . Plan participation shall be available to (and shall be limited to) all persons who are employees of the Employers, except that the following persons shall not be eligible to participate in the Plan:
Eligibility
 
 
 
 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this subsection 2.1, an individual may participate in the Plan for any Subscription Period only if he is employed by an Employer on the first day of that period.
2.2. . The Committee shall establish "Subscription Periods" of not longer than one year for the accumulation of funds necessary for payment of the Purchase Price (as defined in subsection 2.3) of Stock under the Plan. For any Subscription Period, an eligible employee shall become a Plan Participant' by filing, with the Committee, a written payroll deduction authorization with respect to Compensation otherwise payable to the Participant during the period. Such payroll deductions shall be any full percentage of the Compensation of the Participant, or any specified whole dollar amount, up to but not more than 10% of his Compensation in either case. After the beginning of the Subscription Period, and except as otherwise provided in subsection 2.4, a Participant may not alter the rate of his payroll deductions for that period. Subject to the limitations of subsection 2.3, each eligible employee who has elected to become a Participant for a Subscription
Participation Election
Period in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this subsection 2.2 shall be granted on the first day of such Subscription Period an option to purchase (at the applicable Purchase Price) on the Exercise Date (as defined in subsection 2.3) for such Subscription Period up to a number of whole shares of Stock determined by dividing such Participant's accumulated payroll deductions as of such Exercise Date by the applicable Purchase Price. Exercise of the option shall occur as provided in subsection 2.3, unless the Participant has terminated participation in the Plan prior to the Exercise Date as provided in subsection 2.4 or the Participant elects not to exercise the option as provided in subsection 2.3(b). The option shall expire on the last day of the Subscription Period.
2.3. . On the last day of each Subscription Period (the "Exercise Date"), a Participant shall become eligible to exercise his option to purchase the number of whole shares of Stock as his accumulated payroll deductions for the Subscription Period will purchase, subject to the following:
Purchase of Stock
 
 
 
 
2.4. . A Participant may discontinue his participation in the Plan for any Subscription Period, whereupon all of the Participant's payroll deductions for the Subscription Period will be promptly paid to him without interest, and no further payroll deductions will be made from his pay for that period. If a Participant's employment with the Employers terminates during a Subscription Period for any reason, all payroll deductions accumulated by the Participant under the Plan for the period shall be paid to the Participant without interest.
Termination of Participation
3.1. . Subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Company at the Company's 1996 annual meeting of its shareholders, the Plan shall be effective as of the date on which it is adopted by the Board; provided, however, that to the extent that rights are granted under the Plan prior to its approval by shareholders, they shall be contingent on approval of the Plan by the shareholders of the Company. The Plan shall be unlimited in duration and, in the event of Plan termination, shall remain in effect as long as any rights granted under the Plan are outstanding.
Effective Date
3.2. . Shares of Stock to be purchased under the Plan shall be subject to the following:
Shares Subject to Plan
 
 
3.3. .
Adjustments to Shares
(a) If the Company shall effect any subdivision or consolidation of shares of Stock or other capital readjustment, payment of stock dividend, stock split, combination of shares or recapitalization or other increase or reduction of the number of shares of Stock outstanding without receiving compensation therefor in money, services or property, then, subject to the requirements of Code section 423, the Committee shall adjust the number of shares of Stock available under the Plan.
(b) If the Company is reorganized, merged or consolidated or is party to a plan of exchange with another corporation, pursuant to which reorganization, merger, consolidation or plan of exchange the shareholders of the Company receive any shares of stock or other securities or property, or the Company shall distribute securities of another corporation to its shareholders, then, subject to the requirements of Code section 423, there shall be substituted for the shares subject to outstanding rights to purchase Stock under the Plan an appropriate number of shares of each class of stock or amount of other securities or property which were distributed to the shareholders of the Company in respect of such shares.
3.4. . Distribution of shares of Stock or other amounts under the Plan shall be subject to the following:
Limit on Distribution
 
 
 
3.5. . All benefits under the Plan are subject to withholding of all applicable taxes.
Withholding
3.6. . Except as otherwise permitted under Code section 424 and SEC Rule 16b-3, neither the amount of any payroll deductions made with respect to a Participant's compensation nor any Participant's rights to purchase shares of Stock under the Plan may be pledged or hypothecated, nor may they be assigned or transferred other than by will and the laws of descent and distribution. During the lifetime of the Participant, the rights provided to the Participant under the Plan may be exercised only by him.
Transferability
3.7. .
Limitation of Implied Rights
(a) Neither a Participant nor any other person shall, by reason of the Plan, acquire any right in or title to any assets, funds or property of the Employers whatsoever, including, without limitation, any specific funds, assets, or other property which the Employers, in their sole discretion, may set aside in anticipation of a liability under
the Plan. A Participant shall have only a contractual right to the amounts, if any, payable under the Plan, unsecured by any assets of the Employers. Nothing contained in the Plan shall constitute a guarantee by any of the Employers that the assets of the Employers shall be sufficient to pay any benefits to any person.
(b) The Plan does not constitute a contract of employment, and participation in the Plan will not give any employee the right to be retained in the employ of an Employer or any Related Company, nor any right or claim to any benefit under the Plan, unless such right or claim has specifically accrued under the terms of the Plan. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, no right to purchase shares under the Plan shall confer upon the holder thereof any right as a shareholder of the Company prior to the date on which he fulfills all service requirements and other conditions for receipt of such rights.
3.8. . Evidence required of anyone under the Plan may be by certificate, affidavit, document or other information which the person acting on it considers pertinent and reliable, and signed, made or presented by the proper party or parties.
Evidence
3.9. . Any action required or permitted to be taken by any Employer shall be by resolution of its board of directors, or by action of one or more members of the board (including a committee of the board) who are duly authorized to act for the board, or (except to the extent prohibited by the provisions of Rule 16b-3, applicable local law, the applicable rules of any stock exchange, or any other applicable rules) by a duly authorized officer of the Employer.
Action by Employers
3.10. . Where the context admits, words in any gender shall include any other gender, words in the singular shall include the plural and the plural shall include the singular.
Gender and Number
4.1. . The authority to control and manage the operation and administration of the Plan shall be vested in a committee (the "Committee") in accordance with this Section 4.
Administration
4.2. . The Committee shall be selected by the Board, and shall consist of not less than two members of the Board, or such greater number as may be required for compliance with SEC Rule 16b-3.
Selection of Committee
4.3. . The authority to manage and control the operation and administration of the Plan shall be vested in the Committee, subject to the following:
Powers of Committee
 
 
 
4.4. . Except to the extent prohibited by the provisions of Rule 16b-3, applicable local law, the applicable rules of any stock exchange, or any other applicable rules, the Committee may allocate all or any portion of its responsibilities and powers to any one or more of its members and may delegate all or any part of its responsibilities and powers to any person or persons selected by it. Any such allocation or delegation may be revoked by the Committee at any time.
Delegation by Committee
4.5. . The Employers and Related Companies shall furnish the Committee with such data and information as may be required for it to discharge its duties. The records of the Employers and Related Companies as to an employee's or Participant's employment, termination of employment, leave of absence, reemployment and compensation shall be conclusive on all persons unless determined to be incorrect. Participants and other persons entitled to benefits under the Plan must furnish the Committee such evidence, data or information as the Committee considers desirable to carry out the terms of the Plan.
Information to be Furnished to Committee
4.6. . No member or authorized delegate of the Committee shall be liable to any person for any action taken or omitted in connection with the administration of the Plan unless attributable to his own fraud or willful misconduct; nor shall the Employers be liable to any person for any such action unless attributable to fraud or willful misconduct on the part of a director or employee of the Employers. The Committee, the individual members thereof, and persons acting as the authorized delegates of the Committee under the Plan, shall be indemnified by the Employers, to the fullest extent permitted by law, against any and all liabilities, losses, costs and expenses (including legal fees and expenses) of whatsoever kind and nature which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Committee or its members or authorized delegates by reason of the performance of a Committee function if the Committee or its members or authorized delegates did not act dishonestly or in willful violation of the law or regulation under which such liability, loss, cost or expense arises. This indemnification shall not duplicate but may supplement any coverage available under any applicable insurance.
Liability and Indemnification of Committee
The Board may, at any time, amend or terminate the Plan, provided that, subject to subsection 3.3 (relating to certain adjustments to shares), no amendment or termination may adversely affect the rights of any Participant or beneficiary with respect to shares that have been purchased prior to the date such amendment is adopted by the Board. No amendment of the Plan may be made without approval of the Company's shareholders to the extent that such approval is required to maintain compliance with the requirements of Code section 423.
For purposes of the Plan, the terms listed below shall be defined as follows:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20120724162203.txt.gz
TIME:20120724162203
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02. Results of Operations and Financial Condition
On July 24, 2012, ACE Limited issued a press release reporting its second quarter 2012 results and the availability of its second quarter 2012 Financial Supplement. The Press Release and the Financial Supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01. Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits
 
 
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: July 24, 2012
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported net income for the quarter ended June 30, 2012, of $0.96 per share, compared with $1.74 per share for the same quarter last year.
ZURICH  July 24, 2012
(1)
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) was $2.17 per share, compared with $1.97 per share for the same quarter last year.
(2)
Book value and tangible book value increased 1.3% and 1.8%, respectively, from March 31, 2012. Book value and tangible book value per share now stand at $75.98 and $61.75, respectively. Annualized operating return on equity for the quarter was 12.6%.
(2)
The property and casualty (P&C) combined ratio for the quarter was 88.7%.
 
For the six months ended June 30, 2012, net income was $3.80 per share, compared with $2.48 per share for 2011; income excluding net realized gains (losses) was $4.22 per share, compared with $2.74 per share for 2011. Book value increased $1.4 billion, up 5.9% from December 31, 2011, and tangible book value increased $1.4 billion, up 7.2%. The P&C combined ratio for the six months ended June 30, 2012, was 88.9%.
 
Evan G. Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "ACE had a very strong second quarter, with excellent operating results that were ahead of plan despite a challenging and slowing global economy. After-tax operating income was $743 million, up 10% from last year, and our operating ROE was 12.6%. Our underwriting results this quarter were again distinguishing, with a P&C combined ratio of 88.7%. ACE's operating performance has been strong all year with earnings for the first six months exceeding $1.4 billion or $4.22 per share. Book value, which grew 1.3% in the quarter and is up almost 6% for the year, was impacted by the eurozone debt crisis and the consequent flight to safety, which affected foreign exchange, interest rates and equity markets.
"Total company net premiums written grew 4.5% in the quarter, or 6.5% adjusting for the impact of foreign exchange. As we said last quarter, our premium growth rate has been accelerating as the year progresses. We are benefiting from strong, broad-based growth, both geographic and product, along with an improving P&C price environment globally. For the first time, pricing in our international P&C operations in aggregate turned positive, whereas for our U.S. business, rates continued to rise, up 4.7% on average for the quarter.
"Drought conditions in the U.S. are impacting our crop insurance business and will affect our earnings in the second half of the year as described in our updated guidance. Crop insurance aside, we are optimistic about our revenue and earnings prospects for the balance of the year and we are well positioned to take advantage of the positive trend in P&C prices globally. At the same time, we are mindful of the economic and political headwinds  beginning with the eurozone crisis and the U.S. fiscal cliff, which are impacting economic conditions and business confidence in the U.S., China and the balance of the world  and the uncertainties these present."
 
Page 2/9
Operating highlights for the quarter ended June 30, 2012, were as follows:
(1)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Details of financial results by business segment are available in the ACE Limited Financial Supplement. Key segment items for the quarter ended June 30, 2012, include:
 
 
 
 
 
Page 3/9
The company is updating guidance for full-year 2012. The range is now $7.20 to $7.60 per share in after-tax operating income for the year. First, the update reflects the positive prior period reserve development and lower-than-planned catastrophe losses in the first half of $0.74 per share. Second, the update includes a reduction of $0.19 per share to reflect a projected third quarter increase in the year-to-date crop insurance loss ratio. Finally, the update includes estimated catastrophe losses of $270 million after tax for the second half of the year. Guidance for the balance of the year is for the current accident year only.
Please refer to the ACE Limited Financial Supplement, dated June 30, 2012, which is posted on the company's website in the Investor Information section, and access Financial Reports for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, investment portfolio and capital structure.
ACE will host its second quarter earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday, July 25, 2012, beginning at 8:30 a.m. Eastern. The earnings conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 888-516-2435 (within the United States) or 719-325-2339 (international); passcode 3462560. Please refer to the ACE Group website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available until Wednesday, August 8, 2012 and the archived webcast will be available for approximately one month. To listen to the replay, please dial 888-203-1112 (in the United States) or 719-457-0820 (international); passcode 3462560.
www.acegroup.com
The ACE Group is one of the world's largest multiline property and casualty insurers. With operations in 53 countries, ACE provides commercial and personal property and casualty insurance, personal accident and supplemental health insurance, reinsurance and life insurance to a diverse group of clients. ACE Limited, the parent company of the ACE Group, is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: ACE) and is a component of the S&P 500 index. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acegroup.com
 
Page 4/9
is a common performance measurement for insurance companies. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in other income (expense) related to partially-owned entities because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities.
Operating income or income excluding net realized gains (losses), net of tax
is calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, policy benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting income and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including net investment income, other income (expense), interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses). Life underwriting income includes net investment income and gains (losses) from fair value changes in separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). P&C underwriting income and consolidated underwriting income are non-GAAP financial measures. We believe the use of these measures enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
Underwriting income
is a non-GAAP financial measure. The ROE numerator includes income adjusted to exclude net realized gains (losses), net of tax. The ROE denominator includes the average shareholders' equity for the period adjusted to exclude unrealized gains (losses) on investments, net of tax. To annualize a quarterly rate, multiply by four. Annualized ROE calculated using income excluding realized gains (losses) is a useful measure as it enhances the understanding of the return on shareholders' equity by highlighting the underlying profitability relative to shareholders' equity excluding the effect of unrealized gains and losses on our investments.
Annualized operating return on equity (ROE) or annualized ROE calculated using income excluding net realized gains (losses)
is shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per common share
is shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per common share
See reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on pages 21-22 in the Financial Supplement. These measures should not be viewed as a substitute for net income, return on equity, or effective tax rate determined in accordance with GAAP.
 
NM  not meaningful comparison
 
Page 5/9
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
:
Forward-looking statements made in this press release, such as those related to company performance and guidance, economic outlook and insurance market conditions, reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially, including without limitation, the following: competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, integration activities and performance of acquired companies, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments and actual settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war, and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
Page 6/9
 
 
Page 7/9
 
 
Page 8/9
 
 
Page 9/9

Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note: All dollar amounts in the Financial Supplement are rounded. However, percent changes and ratios are calculated using whole dollars. Accordingly, calculations using rounded dollars may differ.
 
 
Adoption of New Accounting Pronouncement:
Shareholders' equity and book value per common share at December 31, 2011 and June 30, 2011 and annualized ROE percentages for the three and six months ended June 30, 2011 have been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the adoption of new guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board related to the accounting for costs associated with acquiring or renewing insurance contracts. The adoption of this guidance decreased shareholders' equity by $181 million as of December 31, 2011. The effect of the adoption of the new guidance on net income for the three and six months ended June 30, 2011 was a decrease of $12 million and $22 million, respectively.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated Constant Dollar
 
 
 
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
Life
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Mortgage-backed securities
 
total $12.7 billion, are rated predominantly AA and comprise 23% of the fixed income portfolio. This compares to a 32% mortgage-backed weighting in representative indices of the U.S. fixed income market. The minimum rating for initial purchases of mortgage-backed securities is AA for agency mortgages and AAA for non-agency mortgages.
Mortgage-backed securities
with implied or explicit government guarantees total $10.9 billion and represent 95% of the residential mortgage-backed portfolio.
Securities issued by Federal agencies
are backed by prime collateral, and broadly diversified in over 47,000 loans. The portfolio's original loan-to-value ratio is approximately 67% with an average FICO score of 730. With this conservative loan-to-value ratio and subordinated collateral of 5%, the cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate would have to rise to 15% before principal is significantly impaired. The foreclosure rate of ACE's non-agency RMBS portfolio at June 30, 2012 was 8%.
Non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities
of $1.2 billion are rated predominantly AAA, broadly diversified with over 13,000 loans and seasoned with 47% of the portfolio issued before 2006 and 38% of the portfolio issued after 2009. The average loan-to-value ratio is approximately 64% with a debt service coverage ratio in excess of 1.9 and weighted average subordinated collateral of 30%. The cumulative foreclosure rate would have to rise to 42% before principal is impaired. The foreclosure rate of ACE's commercial mortgage-backed securities portfolio at June 30, 2012 was about 2.3%.
Commercial mortgage-backed securities
 
 
U.S. Corporate and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolios
Market Value at June 30, 2012
U.S. Investment Grade Corporate Fixed Income Portfolio
The average credit quality of ACE's US investment grade bond portfolio is high at A.
ACE prohibits investments in complex structured securities (e.g., CDOs, CLOs) and over-the-counter derivatives and does not permit the use of portfolio leverage.
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
Market Value at June 30, 2012
 
U.S. Below Investment Grade Corporate Fixed Income Portfolio
ACE manages high yield bonds as a distinct and separate asset class from investment grade bonds. ACE's allocation to high yield bonds is explicitly set by internal management and is targeted to securities in the upper tier of credit quality (BB/B). Our minimum rating for initial purchase is BB/B.
Six external investment managers are responsible for high yield security selection and portfolio construction.
ACE's high yield managers have a conservative approach to credit selection and very low historical default experience.
Securities holdings are highly diversified across industries and are subject to a 1.5% issuer limit as a percentage of high yield allocation. The portfolio comprises over 750 issuers with our largest current issuer exposure at $95 million. ACE monitors position limits on a daily basis through an internal compliance system.
Derivative and structured securities (e.g., credit default swaps, CLOs) are not permitted in high yield portfolios.
 
 
Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio
June 30, 2012
 
 
Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio
ACE's non-U.S. investment grade fixed income portfolios are currency-matched with the insurance liabilities of ACE's non-U.S. operations.
78% of ACE's non-U.S. fixed income portfolios are denominated in G7 currencies.
Average credit quality of non-U.S. fixed income securities is very high at A and 54% of holdings are rated AAA or guaranteed by governments or quasi-government agencies.
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
 
 
Eurozone Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio (Excluding United Kingdom)
June 30, 2012
 
Note: ACE has no investments in Greece
Top 10 Exposures - Eurozone Banks (Excluding United Kingdom)
 
Top 10 Exposures - Eurozone Corporate (Excluding United Kingdom)
 
 
 
Investment portfolio
Top 25 Exposures - Fixed Maturity Investments
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note: As of June 30, 2012, there was $1.5 billion usage of credit facilities on a total commitment of $2.4 billion.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations. However, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). A reconciliation of book value per common share is provided on page 23.
In presenting our segment operating results, we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, policy benefits, policy acquisition costs, and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense, and net realized gains (losses). Life underwriting income includes net investment income and gains (losses) from fair value changes in separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under GAAP.
Loss and loss expense ratio excluding the impact of catastrophe losses and prior period development (PPD) is a non-GAAP financial measure. The loss ratio numerator includes Losses and loss expenses adjusted to exclude catastrophe losses and PPD. The loss ratio denominator includes Net premiums earned adjusted to exclude the amount of reinstatement premiums (expensed) collected. In periods where there are adjustments on loss sensitive policies, these adjustments are excluded from PPD and net earned premiums when calculating this ratio. We believe that excluding the impact of catastrophe losses and PPD provides a better evaluation of our core underwriting performance and enhances the understanding of the trends in our property & casualty business that may be obscured by these items.
Annualized ROE calculated using income excluding net realized gains (losses) is a non-GAAP financial measure. The ROE numerator includes income adjusted to exclude net realized gains (losses), net of tax. The ROE denominator includes the average shareholders' equity for the period adjusted to exclude unrealized gains (losses) on investments, net of tax. To annualize a quarterly rate, multiply by four. Annualized ROE calculated using income excluding realized gains (losses), net of tax, is a useful measure as it enhances the understanding of the return on shareholders' equity by highlighting the underlying profitability relative to shareholders' equity excluding the effect of unrealized gains and losses on our investments.
Income excluding net realized gains (losses), net of tax, is a common performance measurement for insurance companies and non-GAAP measure. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in other income (expense) related to partially owned entities because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with GAAP.
The following table presents the reconciliation of Net income to Income excluding net realized gains (losses):
 
 
 
 
Regulation G - Non-GAAP Financial Measures (continued)
The following table presents the reconciliation of effective tax rate to the effective tax rate on income excluding net realized gains (losses):
 
The following table presents the reconciliation of annualized ROE calculated using net income to annualized ROE calculated using income excluding net realized gains (losses):
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Common Share
 
 
 
 
comprises all segments including Corporate and Other.
ACE Limited Consolidated
Income excluding net realized gains (losses), net of tax, divided by average shareholders' equity for the period excluding unrealized gains (losses) on investments, net of tax. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Annualized return on equity calculated using income excluding net realized gains (losses):
Shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per common share:
Combined Insurance Company of America, acquired April 1, 2008.
Combined Insurance:
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio excluding life business. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
Income tax expense excluding tax expense (benefit) on net realized gains (losses) divided by income excluding net realized gains (losses) before tax.
Effective tax rate on income excluding net realized gains (losses):
A group of seven industrialized nations including Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, United Kingdom, and the United States.
G7:
Net premiums earned and net investment income less policy benefits, acquisition costs, and administrative expenses. In addition, Life underwriting income includes gains/losses from fair value changes in separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under GAAP.
Life underwriting income:
Not meaningful.
NM:
Shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per common share:
Total capitalization less goodwill and other intangible assets.
Tangible capital:
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20120731172324.txt.gz
TIME:20120731172324
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At the company's 2012 annual general meeting, the company's shareholders approved a dividend in the form of a par value reduction payable in four quarterly installments. The dividend approval provides for an annual par value reduction of 1.80 Swiss francs (CHF), which was equal to US$1.96 per share, or $0.49 per quarter, at the time of the annual general meeting. The actual CHF amount for each installment, however, will be adjusted up or down to equal $0.49 near the time of payment, subject to an aggregate cap for the four installments of CHF 2.70, as further described in the company's proxy statement dated April 4, 2012.
For the first of such installments, in accordance with the shareholder approval, the par value reduction amount was fixed at CHF 0.48 based on the USD/CHF exchange rate of 0.9958 as published on July 25, 2012. Accordingly, the company adjusted its Articles of Association on July 31, 2012 to effect the par value reduction of CHF 0.48. The company's amended and restated Articles of Association became effective upon registration in the daily register of the commercial register of the Canton of Zurich, Switzerland on July 31, 2012 and, as a result, the company's par value is CHF 29.79 as of such date.
Accordingly, as expected, the company's shareholders of record at the close of business on July 31, 2012, will receive the dividend scheduled for payment on August 21, 2012. A copy of the amended and restated Articles of Association is attached hereto as Exhibit 3 and incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: July 31, 2012

Exhibit 3
 
 
2
 
3
 
4
 
5
 
6
 
7
 
8
 
9
 
10
 
11
 
12
 
13
 
14
 
15
 
16
 
17
 
18
 
19
 
20
Lausanne, 27. Juli 2012 /
July 27, 2012
/s/ Olivier Steimer                                    
Olivier Steimer
 
21


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20120815145122.txt.gz
TIME:20120815145122
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
On August 9, 2012, the Board of Directors (the "Board") amended the Organizational Regulations of ACE Limited (the "Company"), primarily to clarify duties and responsibilities of the committees of the Board of Directors and to conform to changes in committee charters. Changes included clarification of Audit Committee responsibilities with respect to risk assessment and risk management in light of the Risk & Finance Committee's responsibilities; clarification of duties and responsibilities of the Nominating and Governance Committee with respect to review of (i) legal compliance of affiliated political action committees and (ii) insider and affiliated party transactions; and clarification of the Executive Committee provisions to expressly provide for the Nominating and Governance Committee to review such charter periodically (as it deems advisable). A copy of the amended and restated Organizational Regulations is attached hereto as Exhibit 3 and incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01
Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: August 15, 2012
 

Exhibit 3
Contents
 
 
 
 
The board of directors of ACE Limited, Switzerland, ("") issues the following organizational regulations ("") based on art. 716b CO and art. 19 of the articles of association of ACE Limited ("").
Company
Organizational Regulations
Articles of Association
 
The Organizational Regulations define the organization and responsibilities of the executive bodies, i.e. the board of directors and its members (""), its committees and its chairman, the delegate of the board of directors and the chief executive officer as well as the executive management of the Company and its subsidiaries (together with the Company the ""). They implement and supplement applicable law and the Articles of Association by establishing binding rules regarding the organization of the Group and its overall management.
Board Members
Group
 
The executive bodies of the Company are:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors is entitled to pass resolutions on all matters which are not delegated to, or reserved for, the shareholders meeting or another body of the Company by law, the Articles of Association or the Organizational Regulations.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors has the following further powers and responsibilities with regard to the Company and the Group:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Audit Committee shall receive and review periodically, but not less than annually, a report of the Company's chief actuary on the Company's loss and loss expense reserves, including any reports of outside actuaries.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Meetings of the executive committee ("") are convened in accordance with Clause 5.4. Additionally, the Delegate and the Chief Executive Officer may request a meeting.
Executive Committee
 
In case of urgencies, the Executive Committee is to exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the ultimate management of the business and affairs of the Company between the meetings of the Board of Directors, except (a) as limited by Clause 2.1, the Company's Articles of Association, rules of the New York Stock Exchange or applicable law or regulation and (b) matters that are specifically reserved for another Committee of the Board of Directors.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Risk & Finance Committee helps execute the Board's supervisory responsibilities pertaining to enterprise risk management, capital structure, financing arrangements and investments.
The Risk & Finance Committee's responsibilities include: (a) evaluation of the integrity and effectiveness of the Company's enterprise risk management procedures and systems and information (the); (b) oversight of policy decisions pertaining to risk aggregation and minimization, including credit risk (the); (c) assessment of the Company's major decisions and preparedness levels pertaining to perceived material risks (the; (d) oversight of the capital structure and financing arrangements in support of the Company's plans and consistent with its risk tolerances; and (e) oversight of management's investment of the Company's investible assets give input on strategies, and monitor overall conditions and developments, with respect to these assets and, again, to make sure they are consistent with the Company's risk tolerances.
cognitive
strategic
tactical)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Nominating and Governance Committee is to assist the Board of Directors in (1) identifying individuals qualified to become Board Members, and recommending to the Board Members nominees for the next annual general shareholders meeting or to fill vacancies; and (2) developing and recommending to the Board of Directors corporate governance guidelines for the Group.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors may designate one or more additional committees, each such committee to consist of such person or persons as may be designated by the Board of Directors. Except as expressly limited by law or by the Company's Articles of Association or by resolution of the Board of Directors, any such committee shall have and may exercise such powers and adopt such procedures as the Board of Directors may determine and specify in the resolution designating such committee.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In case of urgency shorter notice periods are permitted. If all members of the Executive Management are present and agree, deviations from these formal requirements are permitted; in particular, decisions can be taken that are not mentioned on the agenda.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Group internal audit ("") shall examine and evaluate the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's internal control environment, and the quality of performance in carrying out assigned responsibilities to achieve the Group's goals and objectives.
Group Internal Audit
In fulfilling its responsibilities, Group Internal Audit shall:
 
 
 
 
 
The organizational structure of Group Internal Audit and resource requirements necessary for Group Internal Audit to perform its activities shall be defined by the head of Group Internal Audit and submitted to the Audit Committee for approval. The head of Group Internal Audit shall review and approve all new hires and terminations of staff.
 
Group Internal Audit shall adhere to the Group's guidelines and procedures and Group Internal Audit's organization and processes manuals and guidelines or to such other standards as required by applicable law or regulation.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board Members as well as all other executive bodies and employees are obliged to maintain secrecy towards third parties regarding all facts they obtain knowledge of during the performance of their duties. These duties of non-disclosure survive the termination of the relationship of the respective individual with the Company.
 
Upon termination of the relationship with the Company all business files must be returned with the exception of documents used by a Board Member to follow-up his/her own actions.
 
The business year of the Company starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December.
 
 
These Organizational Regulations shall enter into force on the date of adoption by the Board of Directors; be it in a meeting or by circular resolution.
 
These Organizational Regulations shall be reviewed and if necessary amended on a regular basis by the Board of Directors.
 
The Company shall indemnify, in accordance with and to the full extent now or hereafter permitted by law, any member of the Board of Directors or officer of the Company who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding (including, without limitation, an action by or in the right of the Company), by reason of his acting as a director or officer of the Company, against any liability or expense actually and reasonably incurred by such person in respect thereof. The Company shall advance the expenses of defending any such act, suit or proceeding in accordance with and to the full extent now or hereafter permitted by law. Such indemnification and advancement of expenses are not exclusive of any other right to indemnification or advancement of expenses provided by law or otherwise.
The Board of Directors may authorize the Company to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of another company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, or in a fiduciary or other capacity with respect to any employee benefit plan maintained by the Company, against any liability asserted against him and incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Article 18.
 
Zurich, Switzerland
August 9, 2012
The Chairman of the Board of Directors:
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20120928164553.txt.gz
TIME:20120928164553
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
At the company's 2012 annual general meeting, the company's shareholders approved a dividend in the form of a par value reduction payable in four quarterly installments. The dividend approval provides for an annual par value reduction of 1.80 Swiss francs (CHF), which was equal to US$1.96 per share, or $0.49 per quarter, at the time of the annual general meeting. The actual CHF amount for each installment, however, will be adjusted up or down to equal $0.49 near the time of payment, subject to an aggregate cap for the four installments of CHF 2.70, as further described in the company's proxy statement dated April 4, 2012.
For the second of such installments, in accordance with the shareholder approval, the par value reduction amount was fixed at CHF 0.45 based on the USD/CHF exchange rate of 0.933 as published on September 24, 2012. Accordingly, the company adjusted its Articles of Association on September 28, 2012 to effect the par value reduction of CHF 0.45. The company's amended and restated Articles of Association became effective upon registration in the daily register of the commercial register of the Canton of Zurich, Switzerland on September 28, 2012 and, as a result, the company's par value is CHF 29.34 as of such date.
Accordingly, as expected, the company's shareholders of record at the close of business on September 28, 2012, will receive the dividend scheduled for payment on October 19, 2012. A copy of the amended and restated Articles of Association is attached hereto as Exhibit 3 and incorporated herein by reference.
(d) Exhibits
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: September 28, 2012

Exhibit 3
 
 
2
 
3
 
4
 
5
 
6
 
7
 
8
 
9
 
10
 
11
 
12
 
13
 
14
 
15
 
16
 
17
 
18
 
19
 
20
 
21


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20121023161922.txt.gz
TIME:20121023161922
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02. Results of Operations and Financial Condition
On October 23, 2012, ACE Limited issued a Press Release reporting its third quarter 2012 results and the availability of its third quarter 2012 Financial Supplement. The Press Release and the Financial Supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01. Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: October 23, 2012
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported net income for the quarter ended September 30, 2012, of $1.86 per share, compared with a net loss of $0.11 per share for the same quarter last year.
ZURICH - October 23, 2012
(1)
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) was $2.01 per share, compared with $2.20 per share for the same quarter last year.
(2)
Book value and tangible book value increased 4.7% and 5.0%, respectively, from June 30, 2012. Book value and tangible book value per share now stand at $79.36 and $64.67, respectively. Operating return on equity for the quarter was 11.5%.
(2)
The property and casualty (P&C) combined ratio for the quarter was 92.0%.
 
For the nine months ended September 30, 2012, net income was $5.67 per share, compared with $2.36 per share for 2011. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) was $6.23 per share, compared with $4.94 per share for 2011. Book value increased $2.6 billion, up 10.8% from December 31, 2011, and tangible book value increased $2.4 billion, up 12.5%. The P&C combined ratio for the nine months ended September 30, 2012, was 90.2%.
 
Evan G. Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "ACE had an excellent third quarter marked by strong earnings, outstanding growth in book value, broad-based premium revenue growth and two acquisition announcements that further our global strategy.
"After-tax operating income was $688 million or $2.01 per share. While the drought conditions in the U.S. severely impacted our crop insurance business and reduced operating income by $0.28 per share, as a total company we delivered outstanding underwriting results as demonstrated by a P&C combined ratio of 92% and produced an operating ROE of 11.5%. Moreover, book value grew 4.7% in the quarter and is now up about 11% for the year.
"Premium revenue growth in the quarter was the strongest so far this year with total company net premiums written up 8.6%, or 11.1% when adjusted for the impact of foreign exchange. We continue to benefit from the favorable P&C pricing trend in North America, where we recorded strong double-digit premium growth, and internationally, excluding the impact of foreign exchange, we also registered good growth across a broad spectrum of property and casualty, accident and health, and personal lines businesses, particularly in Asia and Latin America.
"In the last 60 days, we closed an acquisition in Indonesia and announced two separate acquisitions that will significantly enhance our presence and capabilities in Mexico. We are optimistic about our future growth opportunities in these two exciting countries as well as globally. We believe that with our exceptional positioning, growing capabilities and strong balance sheet, our strategic options are accelerating."
 
Operating highlights for the quarter ended September 30, 2012, were as follows:
(1)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Details of financial results by business segment are available in the ACE Limited Financial Supplement. Key segment items for the quarter ended September 30, 2012, include:
 
 
 
 
The company is updating guidance for full-year 2012. The range is now $7.73 to $8.03 per share of after-tax operating income for the year. First, the update reflects the positive prior period reserve development and lower-than-planned catastrophe losses in the first three quarters of $1.60 per share. Second, the update includes a reduction of $0.57 per share after-tax related to the company's crop insurance business, increased from the second quarter guidance estimate of $0.19 per share after-tax. The guidance for crop insurance provided with second quarter earnings estimated a $68 million after-tax reduction in third quarter operating income due to the drought in the U.S., with an additional reduction of $200 million after-tax possible under an estimated worst-case scenario. The company now expects full-year operating income to be reduced by approximately $195 million after-tax, or approximately $73 million less than the $268 million after-tax worst-case estimate noted above. Finally, the update includes estimated catastrophe losses of $100 million after-tax for the fourth quarter. Guidance for the balance of the year is for the current accident year only.
Please refer to the ACE Limited , dated September 30, 2012, which is posted on the company's website in the Investor Information section, and access Financial Reports for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, investment portfolio and capital structure.
Financial Supplement
ACE will host its third quarter earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday, October 24, 2012, beginning at 8:30 a.m. Eastern. The earnings conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 800-390-5202 (within the United States) or 719-325-2132 (international); passcode 6724647. Please refer to the ACE Group website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available until Wednesday, November 7, 2012. To listen to the replay, dial 888-203-1112 (in the United States) or 719-457-0820 (international); passcode 6724647.
www.acegroup.com
The ACE Group is one of the world's largest multiline property and casualty insurers. With operations in 53 countries, ACE provides commercial and personal property and casualty insurance, personal accident and supplemental health insurance, reinsurance and life insurance to a diverse group of clients. ACE Limited, the parent company of the ACE Group, is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: ACE) and is a component of the S&P 500 index. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acegroup.com
 
 
 
is a common performance measurement for insurance companies. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in other income (expense) related to partially-owned entities because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities.
Operating income or income excluding net realized gains (losses), net of tax
is calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, policy benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting income and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including net investment income, other income (expense), interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses). Life underwriting income includes net investment income and gains (losses) from fair value changes in separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). P&C underwriting income and consolidated underwriting income are non-GAAP financial measures. We believe the use of these measures enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
Underwriting income
is an annualized non-GAAP financial measure. The ROE numerator includes income adjusted to exclude net realized gains (losses), net of tax. The ROE denominator includes the average shareholders' equity for the period adjusted to exclude unrealized gains (losses) on investments, net of tax. To annualize a quarterly rate, multiply by four. Operating ROE is a useful measure as it enhances the understanding of the return on shareholders' equity by highlighting the underlying profitability relative to shareholders' equity excluding the effect of unrealized gains and losses on our investments.
Operating return on equity (ROE) or ROE calculated using income excluding net realized gains (losses)
is shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per common share
is shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per common share
See reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on pages 21-22 in the Financial Supplement. These measures should not be viewed as a substitute for net income, return on equity, or effective tax rate determined in accordance with GAAP.
 
NM - not meaningful comparison
:
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
Forward-looking statements made in this press release, such as those related to company performance and guidance, insurance market conditions, and acquisitions and strategic options, reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially, including without limitation, the following: competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, integration activities and performance of acquired companies, failure of announced acquisitions to close, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments and actual settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war, and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
Note: All dollar amounts in the Financial Supplement are rounded. However, percent changes and ratios are calculated using whole dollars. Accordingly, calculations using rounded dollars may differ.
 
 
Adoption of New Accounting Pronouncement:
Shareholders' equity and book value per common share at December 31, 2011 and September 30, 2011 and ROE percentages for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2011 have been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the adoption of new guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board related to the accounting for costs associated with acquiring or renewing insurance contracts. The adoption of this guidance decreased shareholders' equity by $181 million as of December 31, 2011. The effect of the adoption of the new guidance on net income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2011 was a decrease of $8 million and $30 million, respectively.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated Constant Dollar
 
 
 
 
Insurance - North American
 
 
 
Insurance - Overseas General
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
Life
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Mortgage-backed securities
 
total $13.1 billion, are rated predominantly AA and comprise 23% of the fixed income portfolio. This compares to a 32% mortgage-backed weighting in representative indices of the U.S. fixed income market. The minimum rating for initial purchases of mortgage-backed securities is AA for agency mortgages and AAA for non-agency mortgages.
Mortgage-backed securities
with implied or explicit government guarantees total $11.2 billion and represent 95% of the residential mortgage-backed portfolio.
Securities issued by Federal agencies
are backed by prime collateral, and broadly diversified in over 45,000 loans. The portfolio's original loan-to-value ratio is approximately 67% with an average FICO score of 732. With this conservative loan-to-value ratio and subordinated collateral of 6%, the cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate would have to rise to 18% before principal is significantly impaired. The foreclosure rate of ACE's non-agency RMBS portfolio at September 30, 2012 was 7%.
Non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities
of $1.2 billion are rated predominantly AAA, broadly diversified with over 13,000 loans and seasoned with 40% of the portfolio issued before 2006 and 42% of the portfolio issued after 2009. The average loan-to-value ratio is approximately 65% with a debt service coverage ratio in excess of 1.9 and weighted average subordinated collateral of 29%. The cumulative foreclosure rate would have to rise to 42% before principal is impaired. The foreclosure rate of ACE's commercial mortgage-backed securities portfolio at September 30, 2012 was 2.1%.
Commercial mortgage-backed securities
 
U.S. Corporate and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolios
Market Value at September 30, 2012
U.S. Investment Grade Corporate Fixed Income Portfolio
The average credit quality of ACE's US investment grade bond portfolio is high at A.
ACE prohibits investments in complex structured securities (e.g., CDOs, CLOs) and over-the-counter derivatives and does not permit the use of portfolio leverage.
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
Market Value at September 30, 2012
 
U.S. Below Investment Grade Corporate Fixed Income Portfolio
ACE manages high yield bonds as a distinct and separate asset class from investment grade bonds. ACE's allocation to high yield bonds is explicitly set by internal management and is targeted to securities in the upper tier of credit quality (BB/B). Our minimum rating for initial purchase is BB/B.
Six external investment managers are responsible for high yield security selection and portfolio construction.
ACE's high yield managers have a conservative approach to credit selection and very low historical default experience.
Securities holdings are highly diversified across industries and are subject to a 1.5% issuer limit as a percentage of high yield allocation. The portfolio comprises over 750 issuers with our largest current issuer exposure at $99 million. ACE monitors position limits on a daily basis through an internal compliance system.
Derivative and structured securities (e.g., credit default swaps, CLOs) are not permitted in high yield portfolios.
 
Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio
September 30, 2012
 
 
Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio
ACE's non-U.S. investment grade fixed income portfolios are currency-matched with the insurance liabilities of ACE's non-U.S. operations.
78% of ACE's non-U.S. fixed income portfolios are denominated in G7 currencies.
Average credit quality of non-U.S. fixed income securities is very high at A and 54% of holdings are rated AAA or guaranteed by governments or quasi-government agencies.
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
 
 
 
Eurozone Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio (Excluding United Kingdom)
September 30, 2012
 
Note: ACE has no investments in Greece and Italy
Top 10 ExposuresEurozone Banks (Excluding United Kingdom)
 
 
 
Investment portfolio
Top 25 Exposures - Fixed Maturity Investments
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation GNon-GAAP Financial Measures
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations. However, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). A reconciliation of book value per common share is provided on page 23.
In presenting our segment operating results, we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, policy benefits, policy acquisition costs, and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense, and net realized gains (losses). Life underwriting income includes net investment income and gains (losses) from fair value changes in separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under GAAP.
Loss and loss expense ratio excluding the impact of catastrophe losses and prior period development (PPD) is a non-GAAP financial measure. The loss ratio numerator includes Losses and loss expenses adjusted to exclude catastrophe losses and PPD. The loss ratio denominator includes Net premiums earned adjusted to exclude the amount of reinstatement premiums (expensed) collected. In periods where there are adjustments on loss sensitive policies, these adjustments are excluded from PPD and net earned premiums when calculating this ratio. We believe that excluding the impact of catastrophe losses and PPD provides a better evaluation of our core underwriting performance and enhances the understanding of the trends in our property & casualty business that may be obscured by these items.
Combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses, PPD, and crop is a non-GAAP financial measure. The ratio numerator includes losses and loss expenses, policy acquisition costs, and administrative expenses adjusted to exclude catastrophe losses, PPD, and crop insurance. The ratio denominator includes net premiums earned adjusted to exclude the amount of reinstatement premiums (expensed) collected, net earned premium adjustments on loss sensitive policies and net premiums earned on crop insurance business. We believe that excluding the impact of catastrophe losses, PPD, and crop insurance provides a better evaluation of our core underwriting performance and enhances the understanding of the trends in our property & casualty business that may be obscured by these items.
Operating return on equity (ROE) or ROE calculated using income excluding net realized gains (losses) is an annualized non-GAAP financial measure. The ROE numerator includes income adjusted to exclude net realized gains (losses), net of tax. The ROE denominator includes the average shareholders' equity for the period adjusted to exclude unrealized gains (losses) on investments, net of tax. To annualize a quarterly rate, multiply by four. Operating ROE is a useful measure as it enhances the understanding of the return on shareholders' equity by highlighting the underlying profitability relative to shareholders' equity excluding the effect of unrealized gains and losses on our investments.
Income excluding net realized gains (losses), net of tax, is a common performance measurement for insurance companies and non-GAAP measure. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in other income (expense) related to partially owned entities because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with GAAP. The following table presents the reconciliation of Net income (loss) to Income excluding net realized gains (losses):
 
 
 
Regulation GNon-GAAP Financial Measures (continued)
The following table presents the reconciliation of effective tax rate to the effective tax rate on income excluding net realized gains (losses):
 
 
Reconciliation of Book Value per Common Share
 
 
 
 
comprises all segments including Corporate and Other.
ACE Limited Consolidated
Income excluding net realized gains (losses), net of tax, divided by average shareholders' equity for the period excluding unrealized gains (losses) on investments, net of tax. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Operating return on equity (ROE) or ROE calculated using income excluding net realized gains (losses):
Shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per common share:
Combined Insurance Company of America, acquired April 1, 2008.
Combined Insurance:
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio excluding life business. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
Income tax expense excluding tax expense (benefit) on net realized gains (losses) divided by income excluding net realized gains (losses) before tax.
Effective tax rate on income excluding net realized gains (losses):
A group of seven industrialized nations including Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, United Kingdom, and the United States.
G7:
Net premiums earned and net investment income less policy benefits, acquisition costs, and administrative expenses. In addition, Life underwriting income includes gains/losses from fair value changes in separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under GAAP.
Life underwriting income:
Not meaningful.
NM:
Shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per common share:
Total capitalization less goodwill and other intangible assets.
Tangible capital:
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20121113062154.txt.gz
TIME:20121113062154
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.
On November 6, 2012, ACE Limited ("ACE"), ACE Bermuda Insurance Ltd. ("ACE Bermuda"), ACE Tempest Life Reinsurance Ltd. ("ACE Tempest Life"), ACE Tempest Reinsurance Ltd. ("ACE Tempest Re") and ACE INA Holdings Inc. ("ACE INA" and, together with ACE, ACE Bermuda, ACE Tempest Life and ACE Tempest Re, the "") entered into a syndicated credit agreement (the "Credit Agreement") with a group of lenders and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent.
Borrowers
The Credit Agreement is unsecured and provides for up to $1,000,000,000 of availability, all of which may be used for the issuance of letters of credit and up to $300,000,000 of which may be used for revolving loans. Subject to obtaining additional commitments, ACE may increase the availability under the Credit Agreement by up to $500,000,000.
The Credit Agreement may be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes. The Credit Agreement replaces (i) the $1,000,000,000 syndicated second amended and restated reimbursement agreement dated as of November 8, 2007 among ACE, ACE Bermuda, ACE Tempest Life, ACE Tempest Re, various lenders and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (successor to Wachovia Bank, National Association), as administrative agent, and (ii) the $500,000,000 syndicated second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of November 8, 2007 among ACE, ACE Bermuda, ACE Tempest Re, ACE INA, various lenders and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, each of which was terminated on November 6, 2012.
Under the Credit Agreement, ACE or the applicable Borrower pays (a) a commitment fee based upon ACE's long-term foreign issuer credit rating (or its equivalent) by S&P or Moody's (the "ACE Ratings") on any unutilized portion of the facility, (b) an interest rate margin based on the ACE Ratings on the outstanding amount of loans, (c) a letter of credit commission based on the ACE Ratings on the amount of the outstanding letters of credit, (d) fronting fees to each lender that issues letters of credit on behalf of other lenders under the Credit Agreement, (e) customary administrative charges of the applicable letter of credit issuers and (f) customary administrative fees of the administrative agent. ACE also paid customary upfront and arrangement fees in connection with the closing of the Credit Agreement.
The terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement are substantially similar to the provisions in other ACE group credit facilities. The Credit Agreement contains customary covenants, including covenants limiting liens, substantial asset sales and mergers. Most of these restrictions are subject to certain minimum thresholds and exceptions. ACE guarantees all obligations of the other Borrowers under the Credit Agreement.
The Credit Agreement also contains financial covenants that require maintenance of:
(i) a minimum consolidated net worth of not less than $17,486,776,000 (subject to an annual reset provision) plus 25 percent of cumulative net income from June 30, 2012, plus 50 percent of the net proceeds of any issuance of equity interests subsequent to June 30, 2012; and
(ii) a ratio of consolidated total debt (excluding trust preferred securities and mezzanine capital to the extent not exceeding 15 percent of total capitalization) to total capitalization of not greater than 0.35 to 1.
In addition, the Credit Agreement has customary events of default, including (subject to certain materiality thresholds and grace periods) payment default, failure to comply with covenants, material inaccuracy of representation or warranty, bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, change of control and cross-default to other debt agreements.
Item 1.02 Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement.
See Item 1.01 above which is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.
See Item 1.01 above which is incorporated herein by reference.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: November 12, 2012


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20121128163137.txt.gz
TIME:20121128163137
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.
On November 21, 2012, ACE Limited ("") entered into amendments (each an "") to its letter of credit facility agreements dated as of November 18, 2010 (each an "") with ING Bank N.V., Lloyds TSB Bank plc, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. and The Royal Bank of Scotland plc (collectively the "").
ACE
Amendment
LOC Agreement
LOC Banks
Pursuant to the Amendments, the aggregate amount of letters of credit ("") permitted to be issued under the LOC Agreements for the account of ACE or any wholly-owned subsidiary thereof increased from $400 million to $425 million. In addition, the Amendments extended (x) the availability period during which the LOC Banks are committed to issue LOCs from December 31, 2014 to December 31, 2016 and (y) the final permitted expiration date for LOCs from December 31, 2015 to December 31, 2017. ACE expects that most LOCs issued under the LOC Agreements will be used to support the ongoing Funds at Lloyd's requirements of certain affiliates of ACE, but LOCs also may be used for other general corporate purposes.
LOCs
Concurrently with the effectiveness of the Amendments, the LOC Banks released two wholly-owned subsidiaries of ACE (ACE Bermuda Insurance Ltd. and ACE Tempest Reinsurance Ltd.) from their guarantees of ACE's obligations under the LOC Agreements. The obligations of ACE under the LOC Agreements currently are unsecured, but ACE may voluntarily provide cash or specified marketable securities as collateral ("") to reduce the pricing under the LOC Agreements. In addition, an LOC Bank may require ACE to provide Collateral if (i) ACE's rating falls below a specified level, (ii) the amount of the outstanding LOCs under an LOC Agreement exceeds the amount of the relevant LOC Bank's commitment thereunder due to currency fluctuations, (iii) an event of default occurs or (iv) certain LOCs are not renewed past a specified date.
Collateral
The covenants in the LOC Agreements continue to be substantially similar to the covenants in other ACE group credit facilities. The covenants include limitations on liens, substantial asset sales and mergers (subject to customary exceptions and thresholds).
The LOC Agreements also contain financial covenants that require maintenance of:
(i) a minimum consolidated net worth of not less than $17,486,776,000 (subject to an annual reset provision) plus 25 percent of cumulative net income from June 30, 2012, plus 50 percent of the net proceeds of any issuance of equity interests subsequent to June 30, 2012; and
(ii) a ratio of consolidated total debt (excluding trust preferred securities and mezzanine capital to the extent not exceeding 15 percent of total capitalization) to total capitalization of not greater than 0.35 to 1.
In addition, the LOC Agreements have customary events of default, including (subject to certain materiality thresholds and grace periods) payment default, failure to comply with covenants, material inaccuracy of representation or warranty, bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, change of control and cross-default to other debt and credit agreements.
Under each LOC Agreement, ACE pays a letter of credit commission on the amount of the outstanding LOCs issued by the relevant LOC Bank and a commitment fee on the unused portion of the commitment of such LOC Bank, in each case based upon ACE's long-term foreign issuer credit rating (or its equivalent) by S&P or Moody's (except that the letter of credit commission is reduced if ACE provides Collateral for outstanding LOCs) and pays such LOC Bank's customary administrative charges in connection with each LOC. ACE also paid each LOC Bank a customary upfront fee in connection with its Amendment.
Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.
See Item 1.01 above which is incorporated herein by reference.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: November 28, 2012


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20121204172653.txt.gz
TIME:20121204172653
EVENTS:	Regulation FD Disclosure
TEXT:
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure
Concurrently with this filing, ACE Limited is posting a slide presentation on its web site, www.acegroup.com. The slides were prepared for initial presentation at the company's dinner with certain investors being held on December 4, 2012 and will remain available for at least 60 days. The presentation can be accessed by clicking on the investor information tab or directly at
http://phx.corporate-ir.net/External.File?item=UGFyZW50SUQ9MTYzOTI0fENoaWxkSUQ9LTF8VHlwZT0z&t=1
In connection with such presentation, Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the company, commented on Superstorm Sandy: "Sandy was a large, complex event for the industry, with loss estimates in the range of $20 billion to $25 billion. As you all know, ACE has a meaningful presence in the industry, so obviously we will have losses  this is the business we are in. I expect our losses to be in keeping with our market presence. Sandy will not impact either our balance sheet or earnings generation capability."
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:
Forward-looking statements made in this report and the slides referenced herein, such as statements regarding the impact of Superstorm Sandy on the company's balance sheet or earnings generation capability, reflect the company's current views with respect to future events and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For example, the company's forward-looking statements about its losses could be affected by the number of incurred but not reported claims being greater or less than currently anticipated; estimates of ultimate costs of repairs being incorrect as a result of increased demand for services and supplies in the areas affected; and the ability of policyholders to report and the company to adjust claims being impeded by the extent of the devastation and the number of areas affected. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: December 4, 2012
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20121220163459.txt.gz
TIME:20121220163459
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
At the company's 2012 annual general meeting, the company's shareholders approved a dividend in the form of a par value reduction payable in four quarterly installments. The dividend approval provides for an annual par value reduction of 1.80 Swiss francs (CHF), which was equal to US$1.96 per share, or $0.49 per quarter, at the time of the annual general meeting. The actual CHF amount for each installment, however, will be adjusted up or down to equal $0.49 near the time of payment, subject to an aggregate cap for the four installments of CHF 2.70, as further described in the company's proxy statement dated April 4, 2012.
For the third of such installments, in accordance with the shareholder approval, the par value reduction amount was fixed at CHF 0.45 based on the USD/CHF exchange rate of 0.9335 as published on December 11, 2012. Accordingly, the company adjusted its Articles of Association on December 17, 2012 to effect the par value reduction of CHF 0.45. The company's amended and restated Articles of Association became effective upon registration in the daily register of the commercial register of the Canton of Zurich, Switzerland on December 17, 2012 and, as a result, the company's par value is CHF 28.89 as of such date.
Accordingly, as expected, the company's shareholders of record at the close of business on December 17, 2012, will receive the dividend scheduled for payment on December 28, 2012. A copy of the amended and restated Articles of Association is attached hereto as Exhibit 3 and incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: December 20, 2012
 

Exhibit 3
 
 
2
 
3
 
4
 
5
 
6
 
7
 
8
 
9
 
10
 
11
 
12
 
13
 
14
 
15
 
16
 
17
 
18
 
19
 
20
 
21


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20130129162054.txt.gz
TIME:20130129162054
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02. Results of Operations and Financial Condition
On January 29, 2013, ACE Limited issued a Press Release reporting its fourth quarter 2012 results and the availability of its fourth quarter 2012 Financial Supplement. The Press Release and the Financial Supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01. Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: January 29, 2013
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported net income for the quarter ended December 31, 2012, of $2.22 per share, compared with $2.15 per share for the same quarter last year.
ZURICH  January 29, 2013 
(1)
Income excluding net realized gains (losses) was $1.43 per share, compared with $1.90 per share for the same quarter last year.
(2)
After-tax catastrophe losses for the fourth quarter 2012 were $400 million, net of reinsurance and including reinstatement premiums, or $1.16 per share, compared with $137 million, or $0.40 per share, for the same quarter last year. Book value and tangible book value increased 2.1% and 2.7%, respectively, from September 30, 2012. Book value and tangible book value per share now stand at $80.90 and $66.28, respectively. Operating return on equity (ROE) for the quarter was 8.0%.
(2)
The property and casualty (P&C) combined ratio for the quarter was 105.5%, which includes net pre-tax losses from Superstorm Sandy of $502 million ($393 million after-tax) and a pre-tax charge for asbestos and environmental and other run-off business of $140 million ($90 million after-tax). Operating income includes a tax benefit of $121 million from the favorable resolution of prior years' tax matters.
 
For the year ended December 31, 2012, net income was $7.89 per share, compared with $4.52 per share for 2011. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) was $7.65 per share, compared with $6.84 per share for 2011. Book value increased $3.2 billion, up 13.1% from December 31, 2011, and tangible book value increased $3.0 billion, up 15.5%. The P&C combined ratio for the year was 93.9%.
 
Evan G. Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "ACE had a good fourth quarter, which contributed to an excellent year. Even with the impact of Superstorm Sandy, we produced over $490 million of operating income and increased book value per share 2%. These results continue to demonstrate the strength of our underwriting culture and balance sheet, and the benefits of our globally diversified business.
"For the year, after-tax operating income was $2.6 billion, up 13% from 2011. We produced $1.2 billion in underwriting income  an increase of 11% over prior year  and a combined ratio of 93.9%. This is an excellent underwriting result, particularly given the worst drought conditions in the U.S. in 25 years as well as the losses from Sandy. We also produced strong investment results, with investment income down less than 3%  a good performance considering record low interest rates. Our operating ROE was 11% and per share book value grew 12% for the year, bringing three-year and five-year compounded annual book value per share growth to 11.4% and 10.7%, respectively.
"Net premiums globally grew 6% for the year and in constant dollars  9% excluding our crop insurance business. Our premium revenue growth is benefitting from an improved price environment in the U.S., our large and growing business presence around the world in Asia, Latin America and Europe, and our unique and balanced portfolio of insurance products including commercial, specialty and personal P&C,
 
personal accident and life. Insurance pricing in the U.S. continues to improve and price increases are spreading to more product classes  a trend that has continued into the first quarter. With low interest rates pressuring industry returns, we expect this orderly and rational trend of price increases to continue. For our company, a continued focus on underwriting discipline, enhanced through the use of portfolio management and data analytics, is contributing significantly to both our premium growth and underwriting profitability, and we expect this discipline will continue to make a notable difference in our results going forward."
Operating highlights for the quarter and full year ended December 31, 2012, were as follows:
(1)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Details of financial results by business segment are available in the ACE Limited Financial Supplement. Key segment items for the quarter and full year ended December 31, 2012, include:
 
 
 
 
Please refer to the ACE Limited , dated December 31, 2012, which is posted on the company's website in the Investor Information section, and access Financial Reports for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, investment portfolio and capital structure.
Financial Supplement
The company also issued 2013 guidance. Operating income is expected to range between $6.60 and $7.00 per share. Catastrophe losses included in the estimate are $475 million pre-tax ($395 million after-tax), which are in line with last year's catastrophe loss guidance. The operating income projections included in this guidance are for current accident year results only and by definition do not include any estimate for prior period reserve development.
ACE will host its fourth quarter earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday, January 30, 2013, beginning at 8:30 a.m. Eastern. The earnings conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 877-681-3375 (within the United States) or 719-325-4880 (international); passcode 3252473. Please refer to the ACE Group website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available until Wednesday, February 13, 2013 and the archived webcast will be available for approximately one month. To listen to the replay, please dial 888-203-1112 (in the United States) or 719-457-0820 (international); passcode 3252473.
www.acegroup.com
 
The ACE Group is one of the world's largest multiline property and casualty insurers. With operations in 53 countries, ACE provides commercial and personal property and casualty insurance, personal accident and supplemental health insurance, reinsurance and life insurance to a diverse group of clients. ACE Limited, the parent company of the ACE Group, is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: ACE) and is a component of the S&P 500 index. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acegroup.com
 
 
is a common performance measurement for insurance companies. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in other income (expense) related to partially-owned entities because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities.
Operating income or income excluding net realized gains (losses), net of tax
is calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, policy benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting income and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including net investment income, other income (expense), interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses). Life underwriting income includes net investment income and gains (losses) from fair value changes in separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). P&C underwriting income and consolidated underwriting income are non-GAAP financial measures. We believe the use of these measures enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
Underwriting income (loss)
is a non-GAAP financial measure. The numerator excludes tax on net realized gains (losses). The denominator excludes net realized gains (losses), before tax.
Operating effective tax rate
is an annualized non-GAAP financial measure. The ROE numerator includes income adjusted to exclude net realized gains (losses), net of tax. The ROE denominator includes the average shareholders' equity for the period adjusted to exclude unrealized gains (losses) on investments, net of tax. To annualize a quarterly rate, multiply by four. Annualized ROE calculated using income excluding realized gains (losses) is a useful measure as it enhances the understanding of the return on shareholders' equity by highlighting the underlying profitability relative to shareholders' equity excluding the effect of unrealized gains and losses on our investments.
Operating return on equity (ROE) or ROE calculated using income excluding net realized gains (losses)
is shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per common share
is shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per common share
See reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on pages 21-22 in the Financial Supplement. These measures should not be viewed as a substitute for net income, return on equity, or effective tax rate determined in accordance with GAAP.
 
NM - not meaningful comparison
 
:
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
Forward-looking statements made in this press release, such as those related to company performance and guidance, pricing and product mix, economic outlook and insurance market conditions, reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially, including without limitation, the following: competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, integration activities and performance of acquired companies, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments and actual settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war, and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
 
Note: All dollar amounts in the Financial Supplement are rounded. However, percent changes and ratios are calculated using whole dollars. Accordingly, calculations using rounded dollars may differ.
 
 
Adoption of New Accounting Pronouncement:
Shareholders' equity and book value per common share at December 31, 2011 and ROE percentages for the three months and year ended December 31, 2011 have been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the adoption of new guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board related to the accounting for costs associated with acquiring or renewing insurance contracts. The adoption of this guidance decreased shareholders' equity by $181 million as of December 31, 2011. The effect of the adoption of the new guidance on net income for the three months and year ended December 31, 2011 was a decrease of $12 million and $42 million, respectively.
 
 
 
 
 
 
(1) See Non-GAAP Financial Measures.
 
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
ACE Limited Consolidated Constant Dollar
 
 
 
InsuranceNorth American
 
 
 
InsuranceOverseas General
 
 
 
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
Life
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
(1)
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Mortgage-backed securities
 
total $12.6 billion, are rated predominantly AA and comprise 22% of the fixed income portfolio. This compares to a 32% mortgage-backed weighting in representative indices of the U.S. fixed income market. The minimum rating for initial purchases of mortgage-backed securities is AA for agency mortgages and AAA for non-agency mortgages.
Mortgage-backed securities
with implied or explicit government guarantees total $10.6 billion and represent 95% of the residential mortgage-backed portfolio.
Securities issued by Federal agencies
are backed by prime collateral, and broadly diversified in over 42,000 loans. The portfolio's original loan-to-value ratio is approximately 67% with an average FICO score of 732. With this conservative loan-to-value ratio and subordinated collateral of 6%, the cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate would have to rise to 17% before principal is significantly impaired. The foreclosure rate of ACE's non-agency RMBS portfolio at December 31, 2012 was 7%.
Non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities
of $1.4 billion are rated predominantly AAA, broadly diversified with over 13,000 loans and seasoned with 30% of the portfolio issued before 2006 and 50% of the portfolio issued after 2009. The average loan-to-value ratio is approximately 64% with a debt service coverage ratio in excess of 1.9 and weighted average subordinated collateral of 30%. The cumulative foreclosure rate would have to rise to 43% before principal is impaired. The foreclosure rate of ACE's commercial mortgage-backed securities portfolio at December 31, 2012 was 1.8%.
Commercial mortgage-backed securities
 
U.S. Corporate and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolios
Market Value at December 31, 2012
 
U.S. Investment Grade Corporate Fixed Income Portfolio
The average credit quality of ACE's U.S. investment grade bond portfolio is high at A.
ACE prohibits investments in complex structured securities (e.g., CDOs, CLOs) and over-the-counter derivatives and does not permit the use of portfolio leverage.
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
Market Value at December 31, 2012
 
U.S. Below Investment Grade Corporate Fixed Income Portfolio
ACE manages high yield bonds as a distinct and separate asset class from investment grade bonds. ACE's allocation to high yield bonds is explicitly set by internal management and is targeted to securities in the upper tier of credit quality (BB/B). Our minimum rating for initial purchase is BB/B.
Six external investment managers are responsible for high yield security selection and portfolio construction.
ACE's high yield managers have a conservative approach to credit selection and very low historical default experience.
Securities holdings are highly diversified across industries and are subject to a 1.5% issuer limit as a percentage of high yield allocation. The portfolio comprises over 750 issuers with our largest current issuer exposure at $97 million. ACE monitors position limits on a daily basis through an internal compliance system.
Derivative and structured securities (e.g., credit default swaps, CLOs) are not permitted in high yield portfolios.
 
Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio
December 31, 2012
 
 
Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio
ACE's non-U.S. investment grade fixed income portfolios are currency-matched with the insurance liabilities of ACE's non-U.S. operations.
76% of ACE's non-U.S. fixed income portfolios are denominated in G7 currencies.
Average credit quality of non-U.S. fixed income securities is high at A and 54% of holdings are rated AAA or guaranteed by governments or quasi-government agencies.
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
 
Eurozone Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio (Excluding United Kingdom)
December 31, 2012
 
Note: ACE has no investments in Greece and Italy
Top 10 ExposuresEurozone Banks (Excluding United Kingdom)
 
Top 10 ExposuresEurozone Corporate (Excluding United Kingdom)
 
 
Investment portfolio
Top 25 ExposuresFixed Maturity Investments
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note: As of December 31, 2012, there was $1.5 billion usage of credit facilities on a total commitment of $1.9 billion.
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation GNon-GAAP Financial Measures
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations. However, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). A reconciliation of book value per common share is provided on page 23.
In presenting our segment operating results, we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, policy benefits, policy acquisition costs, and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense, and net realized gains (losses). Life underwriting income includes net investment income and gains (losses) from fair value changes in separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under GAAP.
Loss and loss expense ratio excluding the impact of catastrophe losses and prior period development (PPD) is a non-GAAP financial measure. The loss ratio numerator includes Losses and loss expenses adjusted to exclude catastrophe losses and PPD. The loss ratio denominator includes Net premiums earned adjusted to exclude the amount of reinstatement premiums (expensed) collected. In periods where there are adjustments on loss sensitive policies, these adjustments are excluded from PPD and net earned premiums when calculating this ratio. We believe that excluding the impact of catastrophe losses and PPD provides a better evaluation of our core underwriting performance and enhances the understanding of the trends in our property & casualty business that may be obscured by these items.
Combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses, PPD, and crop is a non-GAAP financial measure. The ratio numerator includes losses and loss expenses, policy acquisition costs, and administrative expenses adjusted to exclude catastrophe losses, PPD, and crop insurance. The ratio denominator includes net premiums earned adjusted to exclude the amount of reinstatement premiums (expensed) collected, net earned premium adjustments on loss sensitive policies and net premiums earned on crop insurance business. We believe that excluding the impact of catastrophe losses, PPD, and crop insurance provides a better evaluation of our core underwriting performance and enhances the understanding of the trends in our property & casualty business that may be obscured by these items.
Operating return on equity (ROE) or ROE calculated using income excluding net realized gains (losses) is an annualized non-GAAP financial measure. The ROE numerator includes income adjusted to exclude net realized gains (losses), net of tax. The ROE denominator includes the average shareholders' equity for the period adjusted to exclude unrealized gains (losses) on investments, net of tax. To annualize a quarterly rate, multiply by four. Operating ROE is a useful measure as it enhances the understanding of the return on shareholders' equity by highlighting the underlying profitability relative to shareholders' equity excluding the effect of unrealized gains and losses on our investments.
Income excluding net realized gains (losses), net of tax, is a common performance measurement for insurance companies and non-GAAP financial measure. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in other income (expense) related to partially owned entities because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. Income excluding net realized gains (losses) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with GAAP.
Operating effective tax rate is a non-GAAP financial measure. The numerator excludes tax on net realized gains (losses). The denominator excludes net realized gains (losses), before tax. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and the related tax impact because these amounts are heavily influenced by, and fluctuate in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. Operating effective tax rate should not be viewed as a substitute for effective tax rate determined in accordance with GAAP.
The following table presents the reconciliation of Net income to Income excluding net realized gains (losses):
 
 
 
Regulation GNon-GAAP Financial Measures (continued)
The following table presents the reconciliation of effective tax rate to the operating effective tax rate:
 
The following table presents the reconciliation of ROE to Operating ROE:
 
 
 
 
 
comprises all segments including Corporate and Other.
ACE Limited Consolidated
Income excluding net realized gains (losses), net of tax, divided by average shareholders' equity for the period excluding unrealized gains (losses) on investments, net of tax. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Operating return on equity (ROE) or ROE calculated using income excluding net realized gains (losses):
Shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per common share:
Combined Insurance Company of America, acquired April 1, 2008.
Combined Insurance:
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio excluding life business. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
Income tax expense excluding tax expense (benefit) on net realized gains (losses) divided by income excluding net realized gains (losses) before tax.
Operating effective tax rate:
A group of seven industrialized nations including Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, United Kingdom, and the United States.
G7:
Net premiums earned and net investment income less policy benefits, acquisition costs, and administrative expenses. In addition, Life underwriting income includes gains/losses from fair value changes in separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under GAAP.
Life underwriting income:
Not meaningful.
NM:
Shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per common share:
Total capitalization less goodwill and other intangible assets.
Tangible capital:
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20130306091201.txt.gz
TIME:20130306091201
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Robert Cusumano, ACE Limited ("ACE") General Counsel, has informed ACE of his intention to leave ACE by the end of the year to pursue other interests. The effective date of Mr. Cusumano's leaving has not been determined. To assure a smooth transition, Mr. Cusumano will remain in his current position until a successor to the general counsel position is appointed.
"Bob has contributed significantly to the company, including the building of a first-class legal organization that effectively serves our businesses around the world," said Evan Greenberg, Chairman and CEO. "Over the years I have personally depended on Bob for his counsel and wisdom on diverse and important legal matters. I respect Bob's decision to move on to the next chapter in his life and wish him all the best in his future endeavors."
"For eight years, I have had the privilege of representing one of the most dynamic companies in the world, and leading one of the best legal departments anywhere," said Bob. "I've enjoyed the challenge of it, and the spirit of our people, and the ideas that we made real. Most of all, it has been an honor to work with so many brilliant and committed colleagues, from our senior management and our Board, to our lawyers and compliance professionals, to our staff all around the world."
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
Date: March 6, 2013


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20130313095906.txt.gz
TIME:20130313095906
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On March 13, 2013, ACE INA Holdings Inc. sold in a public offering $475 million of 2.70% Senior Notes due 2023 and $475 million of 4.15% Senior Notes due 2043. The notes will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by ACE Limited.
Attached as Exhibits 1.1 and 1.2 are copies of the underwriting agreement and terms agreement relating to such public offering. Attached as Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2 are the forms of the notes.
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: March 13, 2013
 

Exhibit 1.1
EXECUTION COPY
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
March 6, 2013
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), proposes to issue and sell up to $950,000,000 aggregate initial public offering price, or its equivalent based on the applicable exchange rate at the time of offering in such foreign or composite currencies as the Company shall designate at the time of offering, of its senior or subordinated debt securities (the "Debt Securities"), from time to time, in or pursuant to one or more offerings on terms to be determined at the time of sale. The Debt Securities will be unconditionally guaranteed as to payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest by ACE Limited, a Swiss company (the "Guarantor").
The Debt Securities will be issued in one or more series as senior indebtedness (the "Senior Debt Securities") under an indenture, dated as of August 1, 1999 (as may be amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Senior Indenture"), among the Company, the Guarantor and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (formerly known as The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., as successor to J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association and The First National Bank of Chicago), as trustee (the "Senior Trustee"), or as subordinated indebtedness (the "Subordinated Debt Securities") under an indenture (the "Subordinated Indenture", and collectively with the Senior Indenture, the "Indentures", and each, an "Indenture"), dated as of December 1, 1999 among the Company, the Guarantor and J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the "Subordinated Trustee", and collectively with the Senior Trustee, the "Trustees", and each, a "Trustee"). Each series of Debt Securities may vary, as applicable, as to title, aggregate principal amount, rank, interest rate or formula and timing of payments thereof, stated maturity date, redemption and/or repayment provisions, sinking fund requirements, conversion or exchange provisions and any other variable terms established by or pursuant to the applicable Indenture.
Whenever the Company determines to make an offering of Debt Securities, the Company and the Guarantor will enter into an agreement (each, a "Terms Agreement") providing for the sale of such Debt Securities to, and the purchase and offering thereof by, the underwriters specified in the Terms Agreement (the "Underwriters", which term shall include any
 
Underwriter substituted pursuant to Section 10 hereof). The Terms Agreement relating to the offering of Debt Securities shall specify the aggregate principal amount of Debt Securities to be issued (the "Underwritten Securities"), the name of each Underwriter participating in such offering (subject to substitution as provided in Section 10 hereof) and the name of any Underwriter acting as co-manager in connection with such offering, the aggregate principal amount of Underwritten Securities that each such Underwriter severally agrees to purchase, whether such offering is on a fixed or variable price basis and, if on a fixed price basis, the initial offering price, the price at which the Underwritten Securities are to be purchased by the Underwriters, the form, time, date and place of delivery and payment of the Underwritten Securities and any other material variable terms of the Underwritten Securities. The Terms Agreement, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, may take the form of an exchange of any standard form of written telecommunication between the Company and one or more of the Underwriters, acting for themselves and, if applicable, as representative(s) of any other Underwriters. Each offering of Underwritten Securities will be governed by this Underwriting Agreement, as supplemented by the applicable Terms Agreement. As used herein, the term "Representative(s)" means, with respect to any offering of Debt Securities, any Underwriter(s) specified as the representative(s) of the Underwriters of such offering in the applicable Terms Agreement and if none is so designated, it means the Underwriters.
The Company and the Guarantor have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") a joint automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-178505), for the registration of the Debt Securities and the guarantee thereof of the Guarantor (the "Guarantee") under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "1933 Act"), and the offering thereof from time to time in accordance with Rule 415 of the rules and regulations of the Commission under the 1933 Act (the "1933 Act Regulations"). Such registration statement became effective automatically upon filing on December 14, 2011, each Indenture has been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the "1939 Act"), and the Company and the Guarantor have filed such post-effective amendments to such registration statement as may be required prior to the execution of the applicable Terms Agreement and each such post-effective amendment became effective automatically upon filing with the Commission. At any given time, such registration statement (as so amended, if applicable, to such time), including any required information deemed to be a part thereof at such time pursuant to Rule 430B under the 1933 Act (the "Rule 430B Information"), is referred to herein as the "Registration Statement"; and the final base prospectus or prospectuses and the final prospectus supplement relating to the offering of the Underwritten Securities, in the form first furnished to the Underwriters by the Company and the Guarantor for use in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities, are collectively referred to herein as the "Prospectus"; provided, however, that at any given time references to the "Registration Statement" and the "Prospectus" shall also be deemed to include all documents incorporated therein by reference pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "1934 Act"), as of, in the case of the Registration Statement, such given date, or, in the case of the Prospectus, as of the date of the Prospectus. A "preliminary prospectus" shall be deemed to refer to any prospectus used before the Registration Statement became effective and any prospectus that omitted information to be included upon pricing in a form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the 1933 Act Regulations and was used after such effectiveness and prior to the relevant Applicable Time (as defined in the applicable Terms Agreement), including in each case any base prospectus so used and the documents incorporated by reference therein. For purposes of
 
this Underwriting Agreement, all references to the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus or to any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing shall be deemed to include any copy filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system ("EDGAR").
The term "Disclosure Package" shall mean (i) each preliminary prospectus, as amended or supplemented, used in connection with the offer of the Underwritten Securities, (ii) the Final Term Sheet (as defined herein), which shall be identified in Schedule I to the applicable Terms Agreement, and (iii) any issuer free writing prospectuses as defined in Rule 433 of the Securities Act (each, an "Issuer Free Writing Prospectus") that the parties hereto shall hereafter expressly agree in writing to treat as part of the Disclosure Package.
All references in this Underwriting Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information which are, at a given time, "contained," "included" or "stated" (or other references of like import) in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and schedules and other information which are incorporated by reference or deemed to be included in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus, as the case may be, as of, in the case of the Registration Statement, such given time, or, in the case of the Prospectus, the date of the Prospectus, or, in the case of a preliminary prospectus, the relevant Applicable Time; and all references in this Underwriting Agreement to amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus shall be deemed, at a given time, to mean and include the filing of any document under the 1934 Act or the 1933 Act which is incorporated by reference or deemed to be included in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus, as the case may be, after, in the case of the Registration Statement, such given time, or, in the case of the Prospectus, the date of the Prospectus, or, in the case of a preliminary prospectus, the relevant Applicable Time.
SECTION 1. Representations and Warranties.
(a) The Company and the Guarantor represent and warrant to each Underwriter named in the applicable Terms Agreement, as of the date thereof, as of the Applicable Time and as of the Closing Time (as defined below) (in each case, a "Representation Date"), as follows:
Representations and Warranties by the Company and the Guarantor
.
(1) . (i) At the time of filing the Registration Statement, (ii) at the time of the most recent amendment thereto for the purposes of complying with Section 10(a)(3) of the 1933 Act (whether such amendment was by post-effective amendment, incorporated report filed pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act or form of prospectus) and (iii) at the execution time of each of this Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement (with each such date being used as the determination date for purposes of this clause (iii)), each of the Company and the Guarantor was and is a "well known seasoned issuer" as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Act. The Registration Statement is an "automatic shelf registration statement", as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Act, neither the Company nor the Guarantor has received from the Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the 1933 Act objecting to use of the automatic shelf registration statement form and neither the Company nor the Guarantor has otherwise ceased to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration statement form.
Compliance with Registration Requirements; Disclosure
 
(i) At the earliest time after the filing of the Registration Statement relating to the Underwritten Securities that the Company, the Guarantor or another offering participant made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) of the 1933 Act) and (ii) as of the date of the execution and delivery of each of this Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement (with each such date being used as the determination date for purposes of this clause (ii)), neither the Company nor the Guarantor was or is an Ineligible Issuer (as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Act), without taking account of any determination by the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 of the 1933 Act that it is not necessary that either the Company or the Guarantor be considered an Ineligible Issuer.
No stop order has been issued under the 1933 Act and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or the Guarantor, are contemplated by the Commission, and any request on the part of the Commission for additional information has been complied with. In addition, each Indenture has been duly qualified under the 1939 Act.
At the respective times the Registration Statement became effective or was deemed effective with respect to the Underwriters pursuant to Rule 430B(f)(2) under the 1933 Act and at each Representation Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and the 1939 Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission under the 1939 Act (the "1939 Act Regulations") and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.
At the date of the Prospectus and at the Closing Time, neither the Prospectus nor any amendments and supplements thereto included or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
As of the Applicable Time, the Disclosure Package did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
Any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and the Final Term Sheet, as of their issue dates and at all subsequent times through the completion of the offering of the Underwritten Securities or until any earlier date that the Company or the Guarantor notified or notifies the Representatives as described in the next sentence, did not, do not and will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any preliminary prospectus, including any document incorporated by reference therein that has not been
 
superseded or modified. If at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any preliminary prospectus, the Company has promptly notified or will promptly notify the Representatives and has promptly amended or supplemented or will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict.
The Company has not distributed and will not distribute, prior to the later of the Closing Time and the completion of the Underwriters' distribution of the Underwritten Securities, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Underwritten Securities other than a preliminary prospectus, the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus reviewed and consented to by the Representatives and included in Schedule I to the applicable Terms Agreement or the Registration Statement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the representations and warranties in this subsection shall not apply to statements in or omissions from the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company or the Guarantor in writing by any Underwriter through the Representative(s) expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus.
To the Company's knowledge, the Registration Statement is not the subject of a pending proceeding or examination under Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the 1933 Act, nor is the Company or the Guarantor the subject of a pending proceeding under Section 8A of the 1933 Act in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities.
Each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus filed as part of the Registration Statement as originally filed or as part of any amendment thereto, or filed pursuant to Rule 424 under the 1933 Act, complied when so filed in all material respects with the 1933 Act Regulations and each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with the offering of Underwritten Securities will, at the time of such delivery, be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.
(2) . The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, at the time they were or hereafter are filed with the Commission, complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (the "1934 Act Regulations") and, when read together with the other information in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, at the Applicable Time or at the date of the Prospectus, as the case may be, and at the Closing Time, did not and will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
Incorporated Documents
 
(3) . The accountants who certified or shall certify the financial statements and any supporting schedules thereto of the Guarantor included in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus are independent public accountants with respect to the Guarantor and its subsidiaries as required by the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations.
Independent Accountants
(4) . The financial statements of the Guarantor included in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, together with the related schedules and notes, as well as those financial statements, schedules and notes of any other entity included therein, present fairly the financial position of the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries, or such other entity, as the case may be, at the dates indicated and the statement of operations, stockholders' equity and cash flows of the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries, or such other entity, as the case may be, for the periods specified. Such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved, except as indicated therein or in the notes thereto. The supporting schedules, if any, included in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus present fairly in accordance with GAAP the information required to be stated therein. The selected financial data and the summary financial information, if any, included in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus present fairly the information shown therein and have been compiled on a basis consistent with that of the related audited financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance with the Commission's rules and guidelines applicable thereto.
Financial Statements
(5) . Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except as otherwise stated therein (i) neither the Guarantor nor any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) has sustained any material loss or material interference with its business from any action, notice, order or decree from an insurance regulatory authority and (ii) there has been (A) no material adverse change in case reserves or losses or loss expense of the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries (including the Company) and (B) no material adverse change, nor any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business, or results of operations of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries (including the Company) considered as one enterprise, in either case whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business (a "Material Adverse Change").
No Material Adverse Change in Business
(6) . The Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Guarantor and it has been duly incorporated and is subsisting and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under, or as contemplated under, this Underwriting Agreement
Good Standing of the Company; Place of Management
 
and the applicable Terms Agreement. The Company is duly qualified to transact business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. The Company is domiciled and has its effective place of management outside Switzerland.
(7) . The Guarantor has been duly incorporated for an unlimited duration and is validly existing as a company limited by shares () under the laws of Switzerland, with corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under, or as contemplated under, this Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement. The Guarantor is duly qualified to transact business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Valid Existence of the Guarantor
Aktiengesellschaft
(8) . Each subsidiary of the Guarantor, other than such subsidiaries as would not, individually or in the aggregate, constitute a "significant subsidiary" as such term is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated under the 1933 Act (each, a "Significant Subsidiary") (including the Company), that is a corporation has been duly incorporated or organized and is an existing corporation in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, with corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; and each such Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor is duly qualified to transact business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of each such Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor has been duly authorized and validly issued and is fully paid and nonassessable; and all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of each such Significant Subsidiary is owned by the Guarantor, directly or through subsidiaries, except for de minimis shareholdings as required to comply with applicable law, and such capital stock is owned free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance, claim or equity (except for restrictions on transferability of the shares of insurance subsidiaries, under applicable law).
Good Standing of Corporate Subsidiaries
(9) . Each Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor that is a partnership has been duly formed and is an existing partnership in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation, with power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in each of the Disclosure
Good Standing of Partnership Subsidiaries
 
Package and the Prospectus; and each such Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; all of the outstanding equity interests of each such Significant Subsidiary of the Guarantor have been duly authorized and validly issued; and all of the equity interests of each such Significant Subsidiary are owned by the Guarantor, directly or through subsidiaries, free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance, claim or equity (other than immaterial amounts necessary to comply with applicable law).
(10) . If the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus contains a "Capitalization" section, the authorized, issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Guarantor are as set forth in the column entitled "Actual" under such section (except for subsequent issuances thereof, if any, pursuant to reservations, agreements or employee benefit plans or pursuant to the exercise of convertible securities or options). Such shares of capital stock have been duly authorized and validly issued by the Guarantor and are fully paid and non-assessable, and none of such shares of capital stock was issued in violation of preemptive or other similar rights of any securityholder of the Guarantor.
Capitalization
(11) . This Underwriting Agreement has been, and the applicable Terms Agreement as of the date thereof will have been, duly authorized, executed and delivered by each of the Company and the Guarantor.
Authorization of this Underwriting Agreement and Terms Agreement
(12) . The Underwritten Securities have been, or as of the date of the applicable Terms Agreement will have been, duly authorized by the Company for issuance and sale pursuant to this Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement. Such Underwritten Securities, when issued and authenticated in the manner provided for in the applicable Indenture and delivered against payment of the consideration therefor specified in such Terms Agreement, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), and except further as enforcement thereof may be limited by requirements that a claim with respect to any Underwritten Securities payable in a foreign or composite currency (or a foreign or composite currency judgment in respect of such claim) be converted into U.S. dollars at a rate of exchange prevailing on a date determined pursuant to applicable law or by governmental authority to limit, delay or prohibit the making of payments outside the United States. Such Underwritten Securities will be in the form contemplated by, and each registered holder thereof will be entitled to the benefits of, the applicable Indenture.
Authorization of Underwritten Securities
 
(13) . The Guarantee has been, or as of the date of such Terms Agreement will have been, duly authorized by the Guarantor for issuance pursuant to this Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement. Such Guarantee, when issued and delivered in the manner provided for in the applicable Indenture, will constitute a valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor, enforceable against the Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), and will be in the form contemplated by, and entitled to the benefits of, the Indenture.
Authorization of Guarantee
(14) . The applicable Indenture has been, or prior to the issuance of the Debt Securities thereunder will have been, duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and the Guarantor and, upon such authorization, execution and delivery, will constitute a valid and binding agreement of the Company and the Guarantor, enforceable against each of them in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).
Authorization of the Indentures
(15) . The Underwritten Securities being sold pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement, the Guarantee and each applicable Indenture, as of each Representation Date, will conform in all material respects to the statements relating thereto contained in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and will be in substantially the form filed or incorporated by reference, as the case may be, as an exhibit to the Registration Statement.
Descriptions of the Underwritten Securities, the Guarantee and the Indentures
(16) . Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, under current laws and regulations of Switzerland and any political subdivision thereof, all interest payable on the Underwritten Securities may be paid by the Guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee to the holders thereof in United States dollars and freely transferred out of Switzerland and all such payments made to holders thereof or therein who are non-residents of Switzerland will not be subject to income, withholding or other taxes under laws and regulations of Switzerland or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein and will otherwise be free and clear of any other tax, duty, withholding or deduction in Switzerland or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein and without the necessity of obtaining any governmental authorization in Switzerland or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein.
Non-Taxation of Interest
(17) . The description of the Guarantor's reserves and reserving methodology and assumptions described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus is accurate and fairly presents the information set forth therein in all material
Reserves
respects and, since the date of the latest financial statements included in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, no loss experience has developed which would require or make it appropriate for the Guarantor to alter or modify such methodology.
 
(18) . Neither the Guarantor nor any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is in violation of its charter or by-laws, partnership agreement or other constitutive documents or in default in the performance or observance of any obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan or credit agreement, note, lease or other agreement or instrument to which the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to which any of the assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is subject (collectively, "Agreements and Instruments"), except for such defaults that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. The execution, delivery and performance of this Underwriting Agreement, the applicable Terms Agreement and each applicable Indenture and any other agreement or instrument entered into or issued or to be entered into or issued by the Company or the Guarantor in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (including, without limitation, the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities, the issuance of the Guarantee, and the use of the proceeds from the sale of the Underwritten Securities, together with the Guarantee, as described under the caption "Use of Proceeds") and compliance by the Company and the Guarantor, as applicable, with their respective obligations hereunder and thereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and do not and will not, whether with or without the giving of notice or passage of time or both, conflict with or constitute a breach of, or default or Repayment Event (as defined below) under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) pursuant to, any Agreements and Instruments (except for such conflicts, breaches, defaults or Repayment Events or liens, charges or encumbrances that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change), nor will such action result in any violation of the provisions of the charter, by-laws, partnership agreement or other constitutive document of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) or, to the best of the Company's and the Guarantor's knowledge, any applicable law, statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ or decree of any government, government instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) or over any of the assets, properties or operations of the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company), except for such violations under applicable law, statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ or decree as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. As used herein, a "Repayment Event" means any event or condition that gives the holder of any note, debenture or other evidence of indebtedness (or any person acting on such holder's behalf) the right to require the repurchase, redemption or repayment of all or a portion of such indebtedness by the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company).
Absence of Defaults and Conflicts
 
(19) . There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or brought by any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign, now pending, or to the knowledge of the Company or the Guarantor threatened or contemplated, against or affecting the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) that is required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus (other than as stated therein), or that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, or that would reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the ability of the Company or the Guarantor to perform its obligations under this Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement.
Absence of Proceedings
(20) . There are no contracts or documents that are required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, the Prospectus or the documents incorporated by reference therein or to be filed as exhibits thereto that have not been so described and filed as required.
Accuracy of Exhibits
(21) . No consent, approval, authorization, or order of, or filing with, any governmental agency or body or any court, domestic or foreign, is required for the due authorization, execution or delivery by the Company or the Guarantor of this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement or for the performance by the Company or the Guarantor of the transactions contemplated under the Prospectus, this Underwriting Agreement, such Terms Agreement or the applicable Indenture, as applicable, except such as have been obtained and made under the 1933 Act, such filing of the Prospectus as has been made with the Bermuda Registrar of Companies under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda and such as may be required under state securities laws.
Absence of Further Requirements
(22) . The Guarantor and its subsidiaries (including the Company) possess such permits, licenses, approvals, consents and other authorizations (collectively, "Governmental Licenses") issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory agencies or bodies necessary to conduct the business now operated by them, except where the failure to so possess any such Governmental Licenses would not, singly or in aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. The Guarantor and its subsidiaries (including the Company) are in compliance with the terms and conditions of all such Governmental Licenses, except where the failure so to comply would not, singly or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. All of the Governmental Licenses are valid and in full force and effect, except where the invalidity of such Governmental Licenses or the failure of such Governmental Licenses to be in full force and effect would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. Neither the Guarantor nor any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such Governmental Licenses that, singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Possession of Licenses and Permits
 
(23) . Each of the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries (including insurance holding companies) is duly registered, licensed or admitted as an insurer or an insurance holding company (as applicable) in each jurisdiction where it is required to be so licensed or admitted to conduct its business as presently conducted, except where the failure to be so registered, licensed or admitted would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; each of the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries has all other necessary authorizations, approvals, orders, certificates and permits, of and from, and has made all declarations and filings with, all insurance authorities, commissions or other insurance regulatory bodies to conduct their respective businesses as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except for where the failure to have such authorizations, approvals, orders, certificates and permits, or to make such declarations and filings, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; all of such authorizations, approvals, orders, certificates and permits are in full force and effect, except where the failure to be in full force and effect would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and neither the Guarantor nor its insurance subsidiaries has received any notification from any insurance authority, commission or other insurance regulatory body to the effect that any additional authorization, approval, order, license, certificate or permit from such authority, commission or body is needed to be obtained by any of the Guarantor or its insurance subsidiaries, except for any authorization, approval, order, license, certificate or permit from any such authority, commission or body the failure of which to obtain, singly or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Insurance Laws
Each of the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries is in compliance with all applicable insurance statutes and regulations and has filed all reports, documents or other information required to be filed under such statutes and regulations, except where the failure to comply or file would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and each of the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries is in compliance with the insurance laws and regulations of other jurisdictions which are applicable to the Guarantor and its insurance subsidiaries (as the case may be), except where the failure to comply would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
(24) . Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, no authorization, approval or consent of any governmental authority or agency is required (other than any license as an insurer or insurance holding company and other than those that have already been obtained) under the laws of any jurisdiction in which the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) conduct their respective businesses in connection with the ownership, directly or indirectly, by the Guarantor of equity interests in any subsidiary (including the Company) or the repatriation of any amount from or to the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company), except to the extent that the failure to obtain such authorization, approval or consent would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Governmental Authorization
(25) . The Underwritten Securities, upon issuance, will be excluded or exempted under, or beyond the purview of, the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the "Commodity Exchange Act"), and the rules and regulations of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the Commodity Exchange Act (the "Commodity Exchange Act Regulations").
Commodity Exchange Act
 
(26) . The Company and the Guarantor are not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities as herein contemplated and the application of the net proceeds therefrom as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus they will not be, an "investment company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act").
Investment Company Act
(27) . The Guarantor maintains a system of internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company's principal executive officer and principal financial officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Guarantor's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of the end of the quarter ended December 31, 2012, and the Guarantor was not aware of any material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting at such time.
Internal Controls and Procedures
(b) Any certificate signed by any officer of the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries and delivered to the Representative(s) or to counsel for the Underwriters in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company, the Guarantor or such subsidiary, as the case may be, to each Underwriter as to the matters covered thereby on the date of such certificate and, unless subsequently amended or supplemented, at each Representation Date subsequent thereto.
Officers' Certificates
.
SECTION 2. .
Sale and Delivery to Underwriters; Closing
(a) The several commitments of the Underwriters to purchase the Underwritten Securities pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement shall be deemed to have been made on the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained and shall be subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth.
Underwritten Securities
.
(b) Payment of the purchase price for, and delivery of, the Underwritten Securities shall be made at the offices of Sidley Austin , 787 Seventh Avenue, New York, New York 10019, or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Representative(s) and the Company, at 9:00 A.M. (Eastern time) on the third (fourth, if the pricing occurs after 4:30 P.M. (Eastern time) on any given day) business day after the date of the applicable Terms Agreement (unless postponed in accordance with the provisions of Section 10 hereof), or such other time not later than ten business days after such date as shall be agreed upon by the Representative(s) and the Company (such time and date of payment and delivery being herein called "Closing Time").
Payment
.
LLP
Payment shall be made to the Company by wire transfer of immediately available funds to a bank account designated by the Company, against delivery to the Representative(s) for the respective accounts of the Underwriters of the Underwritten Securities to be purchased by them. It is understood that each Underwriter has authorized the Representative(s), for its account, to accept delivery of, receipt for, and make payment of the purchase price for, the Underwritten Securities which it has severally agreed to purchase. Any Representative, individually and not as representative of the Underwriters, may (but shall not be obligated to) make payment of the purchase price for the Underwritten Securities to be purchased by any Underwriter whose funds have not been received by the Closing Time, but such payment shall not relieve such Underwriter from its obligations hereunder.
 
(c) If the Underwritten Securities are issued other than in book-entry form, certificates for the Underwritten Securities shall be in such denominations and registered in such names as the Representative(s) may request in writing at least one full business day prior to the Closing Time. If the Underwritten Securities are issued other than in book-entry form, certificates for the Underwritten Securities will be made available for examination and packaging by the Representative(s) in The City of New York not later than 10:00 A.M. (Eastern time) on the business day prior to the Closing Time.
Denominations; Registration.
SECTION 3. . The Company and the Guarantor covenant with the Representative(s) and with each Underwriter participating in the offering of Underwritten Securities, as follows:
Covenants of the Company and the Guarantor
(a) The Company and the Guarantor, subject to Section 3(b), will comply with the requirements of Rule 430B of the 1933 Act Regulations, if and as applicable, and they will notify the Representative(s) immediately, and confirm the notice in writing, of (i) the filing and effectiveness of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or the filing of any supplement or amendment to the Prospectus, (ii) the receipt of any comments from the Commission, (iii) any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus or for additional information, (iv) the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any preliminary prospectus, or of the suspension of the qualification of the Underwritten Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of any proceedings for any of such purposes or of any examination pursuant to Section 8(e) of the 1933 Act concerning the Registration Statement and (v) if the Company or the Guarantor becomes the subject of a proceeding under Section 8A of the 1933 Act in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities. The Company and the Guarantor will effect the filings required under Rule 424(b) of the 1933 Act Regulations, in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)), and will take such steps as they deem necessary to ascertain promptly whether each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus transmitted for filing under Rule 424 was received for filing by the Commission and, in the event that it was not, they will promptly file such preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus. The Company and the Guarantor will make every reasonable effort to prevent the issuance of any stop order and, if any stop order is issued, to obtain the lifting thereof at the earliest possible moment. The Company and the Guarantor agree to pay the required Commission filing fees relating to the Underwritten Securities within the time required by Rule 456(b)(1) of the 1933 Act Regulations without regard to the proviso therein and otherwise in accordance with Rules 456(b) and 457(r) of the 1933 Act Regulations.
Compliance with Securities Regulations and Commission Requests; Payment of Filing Fees
.
(b) . The Company and the Guarantor will give the Representative(s) notice of their intention to file or prepare any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment, supplement
Filing of Amendments and Exchange Act Documents; Preparation of Final Term Sheet
 
or revision to either any preliminary prospectus or to the Prospectus, whether pursuant to the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or otherwise, and the Company and the Guarantor will furnish the Representative(s) with copies of any such documents a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing or use, as the case may be, and will give the Representative(s) a reasonable opportunity to comment on any such document prior to such proposed filing or use, as the case may be. The Company will prepare a final term sheet (the "Final Term Sheet") reflecting the final terms of the Underwritten Securities, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative(s) and attached as Schedule II to the applicable Terms Agreement, and shall file such Final Term Sheet as an "issuer free writing prospectus" pursuant to Rule 433 under the 1933 Act Regulations within the time required by such rule.
(c) The Company and the Guarantor have furnished or will deliver to the Representative(s) and counsel for the Underwriters, without charge, signed copies of the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each amendment thereto (including exhibits filed therewith or incorporated by reference therein and documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein or deemed to be a part thereof) and signed copies of all consents and certificates of experts, and will also deliver to the Representative(s), without charge, a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each amendment thereto (without exhibits) for each of the Underwriters. The Registration Statement and each amendment thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.
Delivery of Registration Statements
.
(d) The Company and the Guarantor will deliver to each Underwriter, without charge, as many copies of each preliminary prospectus and each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus (as defined below) as such Underwriter may reasonably request, and the Company and the Guarantor hereby consent to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the 1933 Act. The Company and the Guarantor will furnish to each Underwriter, without charge, during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act, such number of copies of the Prospectus as such Underwriter may reasonably request. The Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.
Delivery of Prospectuses
.
(e) The Company and the Guarantor will comply with the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and the 1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Underwritten Securities as contemplated in this Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement and in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. If at any time when the Prospectus is required by the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act to be delivered in connection with sales of the Underwritten Securities, any event shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters or for the Company and the Guarantor, to amend the Registration Statement in order that the Registration Statement will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or to amend or supplement the Prospectus in order that the Prospectus will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading in the light of the circumstances
Continued Compliance with Securities Laws
.
 
existing at the time it is delivered to a purchaser, or if it shall be necessary, in the opinion of such counsel, at any such time to amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement the Prospectus in order to comply with the requirements of the 1933 Act or the 1933 Act Regulations, the Company and the Guarantor will promptly prepare and file with the Commission, at its own expense, subject to Section 3(b), such amendment or supplement as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or to comply with such requirements, the Company and the Guarantor will use their best efforts to have such amendment declared effective as soon as practicable (if it is not automatically effective with respect to the Underwritten Securities), and the Company and the Guarantor will furnish to the Underwriters, without charge, such number of copies of such amendment or supplement as the Underwriters may reasonably request. Neither the Representatives' consent to, nor any Underwriters' delivery of, any such amendment or supplement shall constitute a waiver of any of the conditions set forth in Section 5. If at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or any preliminary prospectus or included or would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances prevailing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company and the Guarantor will promptly notify the Representative(s) and will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement or omission and will promptly file such amendment or supplement with the Commission.
(f) The Company and the Guarantor will use their best efforts, in cooperation with the Underwriters, to qualify the Underwritten Securities for offering and sale under the applicable securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions (domestic or foreign) as the Representative(s) may designate and to maintain such qualifications in effect for a period of not less than one year from the date of the applicable Terms Agreement; provided, however, that the Company and the Guarantor shall not be obligated to file any general consent to service of process or to qualify as a foreign corporation or as a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which they are not so qualified or to subject themselves to taxation in respect of doing business in any jurisdiction in which they are not otherwise so subject. In each jurisdiction in which the Underwritten Securities have been so qualified, the Company and the Guarantor will file such statements and reports as may be required by the laws of such jurisdiction to continue such qualification in effect for a period of not less than one year from the date of such Terms Agreement.
Blue Sky Qualifications
.
(g) . The Guarantor and, to the extent separately required pursuant to Rule 158 under the 1933 Act, the Company will timely file such reports pursuant to the 1934 Act as are necessary in order to make generally available to its securityholders as soon as practicable an earnings statement for the purposes of, and to provide the benefits contemplated by, the last paragraph of Section 11(a) of the 1933 Act.
Earnings Statement
(h) The Company will use the net proceeds received by it from the sale of the Underwritten Securities in the manner specified under "Use of Proceeds" in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. The Company will receive and use all of the proceeds from the offering exclusively outside Switzerland.
Use of Proceeds
.
 
(i) The Company and the Guarantor will use their best efforts to effect the listing of the Underwritten Securities, prior to the Closing Time, on any national securities exchange or quotation system if and as specified in the applicable Terms Agreement.
Listing
.
(j) Between the date of the applicable Terms Agreement and the Closing Time or such other date specified in such Terms Agreement, neither the Company nor the Guarantor will, without the prior written consent of the Representative(s), directly or indirectly, issue, sell, offer or contract to sell, grant any option for the sale of, or otherwise dispose of, the debt securities specified in such Terms Agreement.
Restriction on Sale of Debt Securities
.
(k) The Guarantor, during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act, will file all documents required to be filed with the Commission pursuant to the 1934 Act within the time periods required by the 1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations.
Reporting Requirements
.
(l) The Company and the Guarantor will jointly and severally indemnify and hold harmless the Underwriters against any documentary, stamp or similar issue tax, including any interest and penalties, on the creation, issue and sale of the Underwritten Securities and on the execution and delivery of this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement. All payments to be made by the Company or the Guarantor hereunder shall be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties or governmental charges whatsoever unless the Company or the Guarantor is compelled by law to deduct or withhold such taxes, duties or charges. In that event, the Company or the Guarantor shall pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received after such withholding or deduction shall equal the amounts that would have been received if no withholding or deduction had been made.
Documentary, Stamp or Similar Issue Taxes
.
(m) Each of the Company and the Guarantor represents that it has not made, and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Representative(s), it will not make, any offer relating to the Underwritten Securities that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute a "free writing prospectus" (as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Regulations) required to be filed by the Company or the Guarantor with the Commission or retained by the Company or the Guarantor under Rule 433 of the 1933 Act Regulations; provided that the prior written consent of the Representative(s) shall be deemed to have been given in respect of the free writing prospectuses listed in Schedule I to the applicable Terms Agreement. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Representative(s) is hereinafter referred to as a "Permitted Free Writing Prospectus". Each of the Company and the Guarantor agrees that (i) it has treated and will treat, as the case may be, each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and (ii) has complied and will comply, as the case may be, with the requirements of Rules 164 and 433 of the 1933 Act Regulations applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including in respect of timely filing with the Commission, legending and record keeping. Each of the Company and the Guarantor consents to the use by any Underwriter of a free writing prospectus that (a) is not an "issuer free writing prospectus" as defined in Rule 433, and (b) contains only (i) information describing the preliminary terms of the Underwritten Securities or their offering, (ii) information permitted by Rule 134 of the 1933 Act Regulations or (iii) information that describes the final terms of the Underwritten Securities or their offering and that is included in the Final Term Sheet
Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses
.
 
(n) . If immediately prior to the third anniversary (the "Renewal Deadline") of the initial effective date of the Registration Statement, any of the Underwritten Securities remain unsold by the Underwriters, the Company and the Guarantor will prior to the Renewal Deadline file, if it has not already done so and is eligible to do so, a new automatic shelf registration statement relating to the Underwritten Securities, in a form satisfactory to the Representative(s). If the Company or the Guarantor is no longer eligible to file an automatic shelf registration statement, the Company and the Guarantor will prior to the Renewal Deadline, if it has not already done so, file a new shelf registration statement relating to the Underwritten Securities, in a form satisfactory to the Representative(s), and will use its best efforts to cause such registration statement to be declared effective within 60 days after the Renewal Deadline. The Company and the Guarantor will take all other action necessary or appropriate to permit the public offering and sale of the Underwritten Securities to continue as contemplated in the expired registration statement relating to the Underwritten Securities. References herein to the Registration Statement shall include such new automatic shelf registration statement or such new shelf registration statement, as the case may be.
Registration Statement Renewal Deadline
(o) If at any time when Underwritten Securities remain unsold by the Underwriters either the Company or the Guarantor receives from the Commission a notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations or otherwise ceases to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration statement form, the Company or the Guarantor will (i) promptly notify the Representative(s), (ii) promptly file a new registration statement or post-effective amendment on the proper form relating to the Underwritten Securities, in a form satisfactory to the Representative(s), (iii) use its best efforts to cause such registration statement of post-effective amendment to be declared effective and (iv) promptly notify the Representative(s) of such effectiveness. The Company and the Guarantor will take all other action necessary or appropriate to permit the public offering and sale of the Underwritten Securities to continue as contemplated in the registration statement that was the subject of the Rule 401(g)(2) notice or for which the Company or the Guarantor has otherwise become ineligible. References herein to the Registration Statement shall include such new registration statement or post-effective amendment, as the case may be.
Notice of Inability to Use Automatic Shelf Registration Statement Form
.
SECTION 4. .
Payment of Expenses
(a) The Company and the Guarantor will pay all expenses incidental to the performance of their obligations under this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement, including (i) the preparation, printing and filing of the Registration Statement (including financial statements and exhibits) as originally filed and of each amendment thereto, (ii) the preparation, printing and delivery to the Underwriters of this Underwriting Agreement, any Terms Agreement, any Agreement among Underwriters, the Indentures, and such other documents as may be required in connection with the offering, purchase, sale, issuance or delivery of the Underwritten Securities, (iii) the preparation, issuance and delivery of the Underwritten Securities and any certificates for the Underwritten Securities, to the Underwriters, including any transfer taxes and any stamp or other duties payable upon the sale, issuance or delivery of the Underwritten Securities to the Underwriters, (iv) the fees and disbursements of
Expenses
.
 
the Company's and the Guarantor's counsel, accountants and other advisors or agents (including transfer agents and registrars), as well as the fees and disbursements of the Trustees, and their respective counsel, (v) the qualification of the Underwritten Securities under state securities laws in accordance with the provisions of Section 3(f) hereof, including filing fees and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters in connection therewith and in connection with the preparation, printing and delivery of the Blue Sky Survey, and any amendment thereto, (vi) the printing and delivery to the Underwriters and filing of copies of each preliminary prospectus, the Prospectus, any free writing prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, (vii) the fees charged by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations for the rating of the Underwritten Securities, if applicable, (viii) the fees and expenses incurred with respect to the listing of the Underwritten Securities, if applicable, and (ix) the filing fees incident to, and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Underwriters in connection with, the review, if any, by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (the "FINRA") of the terms of the sale of the Underwritten Securities.
(b) If the applicable Terms Agreement is terminated by the Representative(s) in accordance with the provisions of Section 5 or Section 9(a)(i) or 9(a)(ii) hereof, the Company and the Guarantor shall reimburse the Underwriters for all of their out-of-pocket expenses, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters.
Termination of Agreement
.
SECTION 5. . The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Underwritten Securities pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement are subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company and the Guarantor contained in Section 1(a) hereof or in certificates of any officer of the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries delivered pursuant to the provisions hereof, to the performance by the Company and the Guarantor of their covenants and other obligations hereunder, and to the following further conditions:
Conditions of Underwriters' Obligations
(a) The Registration Statement has become effective under the 1933 Act; no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued under the 1933 Act and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or be pending or threatened by the Commission; any request on the part of the Commission for additional information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of counsel to the Underwriters; no notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations shall have been received by the Company or the Guarantor objecting to the use of the automatic shelf registration statement form; the Registration Statement is not the subject of a pending proceeding or examination under Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the 1933 Act, and neither the Company nor the Guarantor is the subject of a pending proceeding under Section 8A of the 1933 Act in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities. Each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus shall have been filed with the Commission (including the information required by Rule 430B of the 1933 Act Regulations) in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) of the 1933 Act Regulations without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8) of the 1933 Act Regulations, or a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement containing the information required by such Rule 430B shall have been filed, and such post-effective amendment shall have become effective. The Final Term Sheet and any other material required to be filed by the Company or the Guarantor pursuant to Rule 433(d) of the 1933 Act Regulations, shall have been filed with the Commission within the applicable time periods prescribed for such filings under such Rule 433.
Effectiveness of Registration Statement; Filings
.
 
(b) . At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received the favorable opinions, each dated as of Closing Time, of Niederer Kraft & Frey AG, Swiss counsel for the Guarantor, the Guarantor's General Counsel, and Mayer Brown LLP, United States counsel for the Company and the Guarantor, in form and substance satisfactory to counsel for the Underwriters, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letters for each of the other Underwriters, to the effect set forth in: Exhibit B hereto with respect to the opinion of Niederer Kraft & Frey AG; Exhibit C hereto with respect to the opinion of the Guarantor's General Counsel; and Exhibit D hereto with respect to the opinion of Mayer Brown LLP, and, as to each opinion, to such further effect as the Underwriters may reasonably request.
Opinions of Counsel for Company and Guarantor
(c) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received the favorable opinion, dated as of Closing Time, of Sidley Austin , counsel for the Underwriters, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriters, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letter for each of the other Underwriters. In giving such opinion, such counsel may rely, as to all matters governed by the laws of jurisdictions other than the law of the State of New York, the federal law of the United States and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, upon the opinions of counsel satisfactory to the Representative(s). Such counsel may also state that, insofar as such opinion involves factual matters, they have relied, to the extent they deem proper, upon certificates of officers of the Company, the Guarantor and their respective subsidiaries and certificates of public officials.
Opinion of Counsel for Underwriters
.
LLP
(d) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received a certificate of the President or a Vice President of the Company and of the chief financial officer or chief accounting officer of the Company, dated as of Closing Time, to the effect that (i) there has not been, since the date of the applicable Terms Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, any material adverse change, or any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (ii) the representations and warranties of the Company in Section 1(a) are true and correct with the same force and effect as though expressly made at and as of the Closing Time, (iii) the Company has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to the Closing Time, and (iv) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted, are pending or, to the best of such officer's knowledge, are threatened by the Commission.
Company Officers' Certificate
.
(e) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received a certificate of either the Chairman, the President and Chief Executive Officer or the General Counsel and Secretary of the Guarantor and of either the chief financial officer, chief accounting officer or chief investment officer of the Guarantor, dated as of Closing Time, to the effect that, to the best of their knowledge and after reasonable investigation, (i) there has not
Guarantor Officers' Certificate
.
 
been, since the date of the applicable Terms Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, any material adverse change, or any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business or results of operations of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (ii) the representations and warranties of the Guarantor in Section 1(a) are true and correct with the same force and effect as though expressly made at and as of the Closing Time, (iii) the Guarantor has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to the Closing Time, and (iv) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted, are pending or are threatened by the Commission.
(f) At the time of the execution of the applicable Terms Agreement, the Representative(s) shall have received from Pricewaterhouse Coopers letters, each dated such date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative(s), together with signed or reproduced copies of such letters for each of the other Underwriters, containing statements and information of the type ordinarily included in accountants' "comfort letters" to underwriters with respect to the financial statements and certain financial information contained in the Registration Statement, the preliminary prospectus or prospectuses that are part of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.
Accountant's Comfort Letters
.
LLP
(g) At Closing Time, the Representative(s) shall have received from Pricewaterhouse Coopers letters, each dated as of Closing Time, to the effect that they reaffirm the statements made in the letters furnished pursuant to subsection (f) of this Section 5, except that the specified date referred to shall be a date not more than three business days prior to the Closing Time.
Bring-down Comfort Letters
.
LLP
(h) At Closing Time, the Underwritten Securities shall have the ratings accorded by any "nationally recognized statistical rating organization", as defined by the Commission for purposes of in Section 3(a)(62) of the 1934 Act (each, a "Rating Organization"), if and as specified in the applicable Terms Agreement, and the Company and the Guarantor shall have delivered to the Representative(s) a letter, dated as of such date, from each such rating organization, or other evidence satisfactory to the Representative(s), confirming that the Underwritten Securities have such ratings. Since the time of execution of such Terms Agreement, there shall not have occurred a downgrading in, or withdrawal of, the rating assigned to the Underwritten Securities or any of the Guarantor's other securities or the Guarantor's financial strength or claims paying ability by any such Rating Organization, and no such Rating Organization shall have publicly announced that it has under surveillance or review with negative implications its rating of the Underwritten Securities or any of the Guarantor's other securities or the Guarantor's financial strength or claims paying ability.
Ratings
.
(i) At Closing Time, the Underwritten Securities shall have been approved for listing, subject only to official notice of issuance, on the securities exchanges, if any, specified in the applicable Terms Agreement.
Approval of Listing
.
 
(j) At Closing Time, counsel for the Underwriters shall have been furnished with such documents and opinions as they may require for the purpose of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities as herein contemplated, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the conditions, herein contained; and all proceedings taken by the Company and the Guarantor in connection with the issuance and sale of the Underwritten Securities and the Guarantee as herein contemplated shall be satisfactory in form and substance to the Representative(s) and counsel for the Underwriters.
Additional Documents
.
(k) If any condition specified in this Section 5 shall not have been fulfilled when and as required to be fulfilled, the applicable Terms Agreement may be terminated by the Representative(s) by notice to the Company and the Guarantor at any time at or prior to the Closing Time, and such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except as provided in Section 4 and except that Sections 1, 6, 7 and 8 shall survive any such termination and remain in full force and effect.
Termination of Terms Agreement
.
SECTION 6. .
Indemnification
(a) The Company and the Guarantor agree to jointly and severally indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter and each person, if any, who controls any Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act as follows:
Indemnification of Underwriters
.
(1) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B Information deemed to be a part thereof, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact included in any preliminary prospectus, the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the information contained in the Final Term Sheet, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;
(2) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, to the extent of the aggregate amount paid in settlement of any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission; provided that (subject to Section 6(d) below) any such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company and the Guarantor; and
(3) against any and all expense whatsoever, as incurred (including the fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by the Representative(s)), reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission, to the extent that any such expense is not paid under (1) or (2) above;
 
, , that this indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense to the extent arising out of any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company or the Guarantor by any Underwriter through the Representative(s) expressly for use in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B Information deemed to be a part thereof or any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto).
provided
however
(b) Each Underwriter severally and not jointly agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, the Guarantor, their respective directors, each of their respective officers who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company or the Guarantor within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the indemnity contained in subsection (a) of this Section, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions, made in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B Information deemed to be a part thereof or any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company or the Guarantor by such Underwriter through the Representative(s) expressly for use in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto) or such preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto).
Indemnification of Company, Guarantor, Directors and Officers
.
(c) Each indemnified party shall give notice as promptly as reasonably practicable to each indemnifying party of any action commenced against it in respect of which indemnity may be sought hereunder, but failure to so notify an indemnifying party shall not relieve such indemnifying party from any liability hereunder to the extent it is not materially prejudiced as a result thereof and in any event shall not relieve it from any liability which it may have otherwise than on account of this indemnity agreement. In the case of parties indemnified pursuant to Section 6(a) above, counsel to the indemnified parties shall be selected by the Representative(s), and, in the case of parties indemnified pursuant to Section 6(b) above, counsel to the indemnified parties shall be selected by the Guarantor. An indemnifying party may participate at its own expense in the defense of any such action; provided, however, that counsel to the indemnifying party shall not (except with the consent of the indemnified party) also be counsel to the indemnified party. In no event shall the indemnifying parties be liable for fees and expenses of more than one counsel (in addition to any local counsel) separate from their own counsel for all indemnified parties in connection with any one action or separate but similar or related actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified parties, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever in respect of which indemnification or contribution could be sought under this Section 6 or Section 7 hereof (whether or not the indemnified parties are actual or potential parties thereto), unless such
Actions against Parties; Notification
.
 
settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes an unconditional release of each indemnified party from all liability arising out of such litigation, investigation, proceeding or claim and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party.
(d) If at any time an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel, such indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of the nature contemplated by Section 6(a)(2) effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 45 days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request, (ii) such indemnifying party shall have received notice of the terms of such settlement at least 30 days prior to such settlement being entered into and (iii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed such indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement.
Settlement without Consent if Failure to Reimburse
.
SECTION 7. . If the indemnification provided for in Section 6 hereof is for any reason unavailable to or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the aggregate amount of such losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses incurred by such indemnified party, as incurred, (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, from the offering of the Underwritten Securities pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations.
Contribution
The relative benefits received by the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Securities pursuant to the applicable Terms Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the total net proceeds from the offering of such Underwritten Securities (before deducting expenses) received by the Company and the total underwriting discount received by the Underwriters, in each case as set forth on the cover of the Prospectus bear to the aggregate initial public offering price of such Underwritten Securities as set forth on such cover.
The relative fault of the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any such untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or the Guarantor or by the Underwriters and the parties' relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission.
The Company, the Guarantor and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 7 were determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to above in this
 
Section 7. The aggregate amount of losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses incurred by an indemnified party and referred to above in this Section 7 shall be deemed to include any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 7, no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total price at which the Underwritten Securities underwritten by it and distributed to the public were offered to the public exceeds the amount of any damages which such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason of any such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.
No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.
For purposes of this Section 7, each person, if any, who controls an Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act shall have the same rights to contribution as such Underwriter, and each director of the Company and the Guarantor, each officer of the Company and the Guarantor who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company or the Guarantor within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company and the Guarantor. The Underwriters' respective obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 7 are several in proportion to the aggregate principal amount of Initial Underwritten Securities set forth opposite their respective names in the applicable Terms Agreement, and not joint.
SECTION 8. . All representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement or in certificates of officers of the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries submitted pursuant hereto or thereto shall remain operative and in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or controlling person, or by or on behalf of the Company or the Guarantor, and shall survive delivery of and payment for the Underwritten Securities.
Representations, Warranties and Agreements to Survive Delivery
SECTION 9. .
Termination
(a) The Representative(s) may terminate this Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement, by notice to the Company and the Guarantor, at any time at or prior to the Closing Time, if (i) there has been, since the time of execution of such Terms Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, any material adverse change, or any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (ii) there has been, since the time of execution of such Terms Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Prospectus, any material adverse change, or any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the financial condition, business or results of operations of the
Terms Agreement
.
 
Guarantor and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (iii) there has occurred any material adverse change in the financial markets in the United States or any outbreak of hostilities or escalation thereof or other calamity or crisis or any change or development involving a prospective change in national or international political, financial or economic conditions, in each case referred to in this clause (iii), the effect of which is such as to make it, in the judgment of the Representative(s), impracticable or inadvisable to market the Underwritten Securities or to enforce contracts for the sale of the Underwritten Securities, (iv) any downgrading in the rating of any debt securities of the Guarantor or the Company or the insurance claims paying ability rating or other insurance rating of the Guarantor or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, in each case by any "nationally recognized statistical rating organization" (as defined for purposes of Rule 436 (g) under the 1933 Act), or any public announcement that any such organization has under surveillance or review its rating of any debt securities of the Guarantor or the Company (other than an announcement with positive implications of a possible upgrading, and no implication of a possible downgrading, of such rating) or of the insurance claims paying ability or other insurance rating of the Guarantor or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, (v) trading in any securities of the Company or the Guarantor has been suspended or materially limited by the Commission or the New York Stock Exchange, or if trading generally on the New York Stock Exchange or the American Stock Exchange or in the Nasdaq National Market has been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices have been required, by either of said exchanges or by such system or by order of the Commission, the FINRA or any other governmental authority or a material disruption has occurred in commercial banking or securities settlement or clearance services in the United States or (vi) a banking moratorium has been declared by either U.S. Federal, New York or Bermuda authorities or, if the Underwritten Securities are denominated or payable in, or indexed to, one or more foreign or composite currencies, by the relevant authorities in the related foreign country or countries.
(b) If this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section 9, such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except as provided in Section 4 hereof, and provided further that Sections 1, 6, 7 and 8 shall survive such termination and remain in full force and effect.
Liabilities
.
SECTION 10. . If one or more of the Underwriters shall fail at the Closing Time to purchase the Underwritten Securities which it or they are obligated to purchase under the applicable Terms Agreement (the "Defaulted Securities"), then the Representative(s) shall have the right, within 24 hours thereafter, to make arrangements for one or more of the non-defaulting Underwriters, or any other underwriters, to purchase all, but not less than all, of the Defaulted Securities in such amounts as may be agreed upon and upon the terms herein set forth; if, however, the Representative(s) shall not have completed such arrangements within such 24-hour period, then:
Default by One or More of the Underwriters
(a) if the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of Defaulted Securities does not exceed 10% of the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of Underwritten Securities to be purchased on such date pursuant to such Terms Agreement, the non-defaulting Underwriters shall be obligated, severally and not jointly, to purchase the full amount thereof in the proportions that their respective underwriting obligations under such Terms Agreement bear to the underwriting obligations of all non-defaulting Underwriters, or
 
(b) if the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of Defaulted Securities exceeds 10% of the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of Underwritten Securities to be purchased on such date pursuant to such Terms Agreement, such Terms Agreement shall terminate without liability on the part of any non-defaulting Underwriter.
No action taken pursuant to this Section 10 shall relieve any defaulting Underwriter from liability in respect of its default.
In the event of any such default which does not result in a termination of the applicable Terms Agreement, either the Representative(s) or the Company shall have the right to postpone the Closing Time for a period not exceeding seven days in order to effect any required changes in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or in any other documents or arrangements.
SECTION 11. . All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if mailed or transmitted by any standard form of telecommunication. Notices to the Underwriters shall be directed to the Representatives at the address specified in the applicable Terms Agreement; notices to the Company shall be directed to it at 436 Walnut Street, Philadelphia, PA 19106, attention of General Counsel; and notices to the Guarantor shall be directed to it at Brengasse 32, Zurich, Switzerland CH-8001, attention of General Counsel and Secretary.
Notices
SECTION 12. . This Underwriting Agreement and the applicable Terms Agreement shall each inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and the Guarantor and, upon execution of such Terms Agreement, any Underwriters named therein and their respective successors. Nothing expressed or mentioned in this Underwriting Agreement or such Terms Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give any person, firm or corporation, other than the Underwriters, the Company, the Guarantor and their respective successors and the controlling persons and officers and directors referred to in Sections 6 and 7 and their heirs and legal representatives, any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Underwriting Agreement or such Terms Agreement or any provision herein or therein contained. This Underwriting Agreement and such Terms Agreement and all conditions and provisions hereof and thereof are intended to be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto and thereto and their respective successors, and said controlling persons and officers and directors and their heirs and legal representatives, and for the benefit of no other person, firm or corporation. No purchaser of Underwritten Securities from any Underwriter shall be deemed to be a successor by reason merely of such purchase.
Parties
SECTION 13. . Each of the parties hereto hereby expressly and irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any competent court in the place of its domicile and any United States Federal or New York State court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York in any action, suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Underwriting Agreement or the applicable Terms Agreement or the
Consent to Jurisdiction; Miscellaneous
 
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby to the extent that such court has subject matter jurisdiction over the controversy, and expressly and irrevocably waives, to the extent permitted under applicable law, any immunity from the jurisdiction thereof and any claim or defense in such action, suit or proceeding based on a claim of improper venue, or any similar basis to which it might otherwise be entitled in any such action, suit or proceeding. Each of the Company and the Guarantor irrevocably appoints ACE Group Holdings, Inc., 1133 Avenue of the Americas, 32
forum
non
conveniens
nd
Floor, New York, New York 10036, as its authorized agent in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York upon which process may be served in any such action, suit or proceeding, and agrees that service of process upon such agent, and written notice of said service to the Company or the Guarantor by the person serving the same to the address provided in Section 11, shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon the Company or the Guarantor, as the case may be, in any such action, suit or proceeding. Each of the Company and the Guarantor further agrees to take any and all action as may be necessary to maintain such designation and appointment of such agent in full force and effect for a period of seven years from the date of this Underwriting Agreement.
SECTION 14. . To the extent that the Company or the Guarantor or any of their respective properties, assets or revenues may have or may hereafter become entitled to, or have attributed to them, any right of immunity, on the grounds of sovereignty, from any legal action, suit or proceeding, from set-off or counterclaim, from the jurisdiction of any court, from service of process, from attachment upon or prior to judgment, or from attachment in aid of execution of judgment, or from execution of judgment, other legal process or proceeding for the giving of any relief or for the enforcement of any judgment, in any jurisdiction in which proceedings may at any time be commenced, with respect to their obligations, liabilities or any other matter under or arising out of or in connection with this Underwriting Agreement or any additional agreement, each of the Company and the Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally, to the extent permitted by applicable law, waives and agrees not to plead or claim any such immunity and consents to such relief and enforcement.
Waiver of Immunities
SECTION 15. . The Company and the Guarantor jointly and severally agree to indemnify each Underwriter against any loss incurred by such Underwriter as a result of any judgment or order being given or made for any amount due hereunder and such judgment or order being expressed and paid in a currency (the "Judgment Currency") other than United States dollars and as a result of any variation as between (i) the rate of exchange at which the United States dollar amount is converted into the Judgment Currency for the purpose of such judgment or order, and (ii) the rate of exchange at which such Underwriter is able to purchase United States dollars with the amount of the Judgment Currency actually received by such Underwriter. The foregoing indemnity shall constitute a separate and independent obligation of each of the Company and the Guarantor and shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any such judgment or order as aforesaid. The term "rate of exchange" shall include any premiums and costs of exchange payable in connection with the purchase of, or conversion into, the relevant currency.
Judgment Currency
SECTION 16. . The Company and the Guarantor acknowledge and agree that (i) the purchase and issuance of the Underwritten Securities pursuant to this Agreement is an arm's-length commercial transaction between the Company and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the several Underwriters, on the other, (ii) in
No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility
 
connection therewith and with the process leading to such transaction each Underwriter is acting solely as a principal and not the agent or fiduciary of the Company or the Guarantor, (iii) no Underwriter has assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company or the Guarantor with respect to the offering contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether such Underwriter has advised or is currently advising the Company or the Guarantor on other matters) or any other obligation to the Company or the Guarantor except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement and (iv) the Company and the Guarantor have consulted their own legal and financial advisors to the extent they deemed appropriate. The Company and the Guarantor agree that they will not claim that the Underwriters, or any of them, has rendered advisory services of any nature or respect, or owes a fiduciary or similar duty to the Company or the Guarantor, in connection with such transaction or the process leading thereto.
SECTION 17. . THIS UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT AND ANY APPLICABLE TERMS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. SPECIFIED TIMES OF DAY REFER TO NEW YORK CITY TIME.
GOVERNING LAW AND TIME
SECTION 18. . The Article and Section headings herein and the Table of Contents are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.
Effect of Headings
 
 
 
Exhibit A
[-]
 
436 Walnut Street, WB12B
Philadelphia, PA 19106
ACE LIMITED
Brengasse 32,
Zurich, Switzerland CH-8001
Ladies and Gentlemen:
We understand that ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware company (the "Company"), proposes to issue and sell $         aggregate principal amount of its [senior] [subordinated] debt securities (the "Underwritten Securities"), which will be unconditionally guaranteed as to payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest by ACE Limited, a Swiss company. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth or incorporated by reference herein, the underwriter[s] named below (the "Underwriters") offer[s] to purchase [, severally and not jointly,] the principal amount of Underwritten Securities opposite [its] [their] name[s] set forth below at the purchase price set forth below.
 
The Underwritten Securities shall have the following terms:
Title:
Rank:
Ratings:
Aggregate principal amount:
Denominations:
Currency of payment:
Interest rate or formula:
Interest payment dates:
Regular record dates:
Stated maturity date:
Redemption provisions:
Sinking fund requirements:
Conversion or exchange provisions:
Guarantee Provisions:
Listing requirements:
Black-out provisions:
Fixed or Variable Price Offering: [Fixed] [Variable] Price Offering
If Fixed Price Offering, initial public offering price:     % of the principal amount, plus accrued interest [amortized original issue discount], if any, from                     .
Purchase price:         % of principal amount, plus accrued interest [amortized original issue discount], if any, from                     .
Form:
Applicable Time:
Other terms and conditions:
Closing date and location:
Notices: Notice to the Underwriters shall be directed to the Representative(s) c/o:
[
]
 
All of the provisions contained in the document attached as Annex I hereto entitled "ACE INA HOLDINGS INC.Senior and Subordinated Debt Securities  Unconditionally Guaranteed as to Payment of Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest by ACE LIMITED Underwriting Agreement" are hereby incorporated by reference in their entirety herein and shall be deemed to be a part of this Terms Agreement to the same extent as if such provisions had been set forth in full herein. Terms defined in such document are used herein as therein defined.
Each of the parties hereto hereby expressly and irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any competent court in the place of its domicile and any United States Federal or New York State court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York in any action, suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Terms Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby to the extent that such court has subject matter jurisdiction over the controversy, and expressly and irrevocably waives, to the extent permitted under applicable law, any immunity from the jurisdiction thereof and any claim or defense in such action, suit or proceeding based on a claim of improper venue, forum non conveniens or any similar basis to which it might otherwise be entitled in any such action, suit or proceeding. Each of the Company and the Guarantor irrevocably appoints ACE Group Holdings, Inc., 1133 Avenue of the Americas, 32nd Floor, New York, New York 10036, as its authorized agent in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York upon which process may be served in any such action, suit or proceeding, and agrees that service of process upon such agent, and written notice of said service to the Company or the Guarantor by the person serving the same to the address provided in Section 11 of the Underwriting Agreement, shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon the Company or the Guarantor, as the case may be, in any such action, suit or proceeding. Each of the Company and the Guarantor further agrees to take any and all action as may be necessary to maintain such designation and appointment of such agent in full force and effect for a period of seven years from the date of this Terms Agreement.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.
Please accept this offer no later than             o'clock P.M. (New York City time) on                     by signing a copy of this Terms Agreement in the space set forth below and returning the signed copy to us.
Very truly yours,
[REPRESENTATIVE(S)]
By
                                        
        Authorized Signatory
[Acting on behalf of [itself] [themselves] and as Representative(s) of the other named Underwriters.]
 
 
Schedule I
Final Term Sheet dated [-] (attached hereto as Schedule II)
 
Schedule II
 
The issuer has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents the issuer has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer and this offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC Web site at . Alternatively, [REPRESENTATIVE(S)] can arrange to send you the prospectus if you request it by calling or e-mailing [    ] at 1-800-[    ] or [    ]@[    ].
www.sec.gov
 

Exhibit 1.2
March 6, 2013
 
436 Walnut Street, WB12B
Philadelphia, PA 19106
ACE LIMITED
Brengasse 32,
Zurich, Switzerland CH-8001
Ladies and Gentlemen:
We understand that ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware company (the "Company"), proposes to issue and sell $475,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its senior debt securities due 2023 (the "Underwritten 2023 Securities") and $475,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its senior debt securities due 2043 (the "Underwritten 2043 Securities" and together with the 2023 Securities, the "Underwritten Securities"), which will be unconditionally guaranteed as to payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest by ACE Limited, a Swiss company. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth or incorporated by reference herein, the underwriters named below (the "Underwriters") offer to purchase, severally and not jointly, the principal amount of Underwritten Securities opposite their names set forth below at the purchase price set forth below.
 
 
The Underwritten 2023 Securities shall have the following terms:
 
 
 
 
The Underwritten 2043 Securities shall have the following terms:
 
 
Notices: Notice to the Underwriters shall be directed to the Representatives c/o:
Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
388 Greenwich Street
New York, NY 10013
Telephone: (212) 816-1135
Attention: Transaction Execution Group
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC
550 South Tryon Street, 5thFloor
Charlotte, NC 28202
Facsimile: (704) 410-0326
Attention: Transaction Management
All of the provisions contained in the document attached as Annex I hereto entitled "ACE INA HOLDINGS INC. (a Delaware corporation) - Senior and Subordinated Debt Securities - Unconditionally Guaranteed as to Payment of Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest by ACE LIMITED - Underwriting Agreement" (the "Underwriting Agreement") are hereby incorporated by reference in their entirety herein and shall be deemed to be a part of this Terms Agreement to the same extent as if such provisions had been set forth in full herein. Terms defined in such document are used herein as therein defined.
Each of the parties hereto hereby expressly and irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any competent court in the place of its domicile and any United States Federal or New York State court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York in any action, suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Terms Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby to the extent that such court has subject matter jurisdiction over the controversy, and expressly and irrevocably waives, to the extent permitted under applicable law, any immunity from the jurisdiction thereof and any claim or defense in such action, suit or proceeding based on a claim of improper venue, forum non conveniens or any similar basis to which it might otherwise be entitled in any such action, suit or proceeding. Each of the Company and the Guarantor irrevocably appoints ACE Group Holdings, Inc., 1133 Avenue of the Americas, 32nd Floor, New York, New York 10036, as its authorized agent in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York upon which process may be served in any such action, suit or proceeding, and agrees that service of process upon such agent, and written notice of said service to the Company or the Guarantor by the person serving the same to the address provided in Section 11 of the Underwriting Agreement, shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon the Company or the Guarantor, as the case may be, in any such action, suit or proceeding. Each of the Company and the Guarantor further agrees to take any and all action as may be necessary to maintain such designation and appointment of such agent in full force and effect for a period of seven years from the date of this Terms Agreement.
 
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.
Please accept this offer no later than 4:35 P.M. (New York City time) on March 6, 2013 by signing a copy of this Terms Agreement in the space set forth below and returning the signed copy to us.
 
 
 
Schedule I
Final Term Sheet dated March 6, 2013 (attached hereto as Schedule II)
Schedule II
 
 
 
The issuer has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for the offerings to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and any other documents the issuer has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer and these offerings. You may get these documents for free by searching the SEC online data base (EDGAR) on the SEC web site at http://www.sec.gov. Alternatively, the issuer, any underwriter or any dealer participating in these offerings will arrange to send you the prospectus if you request it by calling Citigroup Global Markets Inc. toll-free at 1-800-831-9146 or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC toll-free at 1-800-326-5897.
Annex I

Exhibit 4.1
THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITORY (AS DEFINED IN THE INDENTURE) OR A NOMINEE THEREOF. THIS GLOBAL SECURITY IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR SECURITIES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITORY OR ITS NOMINEE ONLY IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE AND, UNLESS AND UNTIL IT IS EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR SECURITIES IN DEFINITIVE FORM, THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITORY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY, OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY TO THE DEPOSITORY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY, OR BY THE DEPOSITORY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITORY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR DEPOSITORY.
UNLESS THIS SECURITY IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION ("DTC"), TO THE COMPANY (AS DEFINED BELOW) OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY SECURITY ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC) ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.
 
ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter called the "Company", which term includes any successor corporation under the Indenture referred to below), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns, the principal sum of Four Hundred Seventy-Five Million Dollars ($475,000,000) on March 13, 2023 and to pay interest thereon from March 13, 2013 or from the most recent interest payment date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, payable semi-annually on March 13 and September 13 in each year (each, an "Interest Payment Date"), commencing September 13, 2013, at the rate of 2.70% per annum, until the principal hereof (and any Additional Amounts (as defined below)) is paid or duly made available for payment. Interest on this Note shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. If any Interest Payment Date or the maturity date falls on a
day that is not a Business Day, the required payment shall be made on the next Business Day as if it were made on the date such payment was due and no interest shall accrue on the amount so payable for the period from and after such Interest Payment Date or the maturity date, as the case may be, to such next Business Day. The interest so payable and punctually paid or duly provided for on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in such Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Note (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the regular record date for such interest, which shall be February 26 or August 29 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, next preceding such Interest Payment Date. Any such interest which is payable, but is not punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date shall forthwith cease to be payable to the registered Holder hereof on the relevant regular record date by virtue of having been such Holder, and may be paid to the Person in whose name this Note (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on a subsequent special record date (which shall be at least 10 days before the payment date) for the payment of such defaulted interest to be fixed by the Company, notice whereof shall be given to the Holders of Notes of this series not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date, or may be paid at any time in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which the Notes may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided in such Indenture. Any interest paid on this Note shall be increased to the extent necessary to pay Additional Amounts as set forth in this Note.
Payment of the principal of, interest on or any Redemption Price or Additional Amounts in respect of this Note will be made at the office or agency of the Company and the Guarantor (as defined below) maintained for that purpose in The Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts; provided, however, that, at the option of the Company or the Guarantor, interest may be paid by check mailed to the address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Security Register; provided, further, that payment to DTC or any successor Depository may be made by wire transfer to the account designated by DTC or such successor depository in writing.
This Note is one of a duly authorized issuance of securities of the Company (herein called the "Notes"), fully and unconditionally guaranteed as to payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest by ACE Limited, a Swiss corporation () (the "Guarantor"), issued and to be issued in one or more series under an Indenture, dated as of August 1, 1999, as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 13, 2013 (such Indenture and First Supplemental Indenture together herein called, together with all indentures supplemental thereto, the "Indenture"), among the Company, the Guarantor and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association and The First National Bank of Chicago), as Trustee (herein called the "Trustee", which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), to which the Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto referenced is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Guarantor, the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes, and of the terms upon which the Notes are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. This Note is one of the series designated on the face hereof, initially limited (subject to exceptions provided in the Indenture) to the aggregate principal amount specified in the Officer's Certificate, dated as of March 13, 2013, establishing the terms of the Notes pursuant to the Indenture.
Aktiengesellschaft
 
The Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company. The Company's obligation to pay the principal of, interest on or any Additional Amounts in respect of the Notes is unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Guarantor pursuant to Article 16 of the Indenture.
If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes shall occur and be continuing, the principal of the Notes may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture.
The Indenture contains provisions permitting, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Company or the Guarantor and the rights of the Holders of the Securities of each series issued under the Indenture at any time by the Company, the Guarantor and the Trustee with the written consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Securities at the time Outstanding of each series affected thereby. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified percentages in aggregate principal amount of the Securities of any series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Company or the Guarantor with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Note shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Notes issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note.
This Note is not subject to any sinking fund.
No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of, interest on or any Redemption Price or any Additional Amounts in respect of this Note, at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein and in the Indenture prescribed.
As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations set forth therein and in this Note, the transfer of this Note may be registered on the Security Register upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Company and the Guarantor maintained for that purpose in any place where the principal of, interest on or any Additional Amounts in respect of this Note are payable, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly executed by, the Holder hereof or by his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Notes of this series and of like tenor, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees.
 
The Notes are issuable only in registered form without coupons in the denominations specified in the Officer's Certificate, dated as of March 13, 2013, establishing the terms of the Notes, all as more fully provided in the Indenture and such Officer's Certificate. As provided in the Indenture and in such Officer's Certificate, and subject to certain limitations set forth in the Indenture, such Officer's Certificate and in this Note, the Notes are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Notes of this series in different authorized denominations, as requested by the Holders surrendering the same.
No service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith, other than in certain cases provided in the Indenture.
Prior to due presentment of this Note for registration of transfer, the Company, the Guarantor, the Trustee and any agent of the Company, the Guarantor or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Note is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Note be overdue, and neither the Company, the Guarantor, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.
The Notes are redeemable as a whole or in part, at the Company's option at any time, at a Redemption Price equal to the greater of (i) 100 percent of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed or (ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon (excluding interest accrued to the Redemption Date) and discounted to the Redemption Date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the applicable Treasury Rate plus 10 basis points, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount being redeemed to but excluding the Redemption Date.
"Treasury Rate" means, with respect to any Redemption Date, (1) the yield, under the heading which represents the average for the immediately preceding week, appearing in the most recently published statistical release designated "H.15(519)" or any successor publication which is published weekly by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and which establishes yields on actively traded United States Treasury securities adjusted to constant maturity under the caption "Treasury Constant Maturities," for the maturity corresponding to the Comparable Treasury Issue (if no maturity is within three months before or after the Remaining Life, yields for the two published maturities most closely corresponding to the Comparable Treasury Issue will be determined and the Treasury Rate will be interpolated or extrapolated from such yields on a straight line basis, rounding to the nearest month) or (2) if such release (or any successor release) is not published during the week preceding the calculation date or does not contain such yields, the rate per year equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield-to-maturity of the Comparable Treasury Issue, calculated using a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Treasury Price for such Redemption Date. The Treasury Rate will be calculated on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date.
"Business Day" means any calendar day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday in New York, New York, and on which commercial banks are open for business in New York, New York.
 
"Comparable Treasury Issue" means the United States Treasury security selected by an Independent Investment Banker as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed.
"Comparable Treasury Price" means (1) the average of four Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such Redemption Date, after excluding the highest and lowest Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (2) if the Independent Investment Banker obtains fewer than four such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all such quotations.
"Independent Investment Banker" means either Citigroup Global Markets Inc. or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, or their respective successors, as may be appointed from time to time by the Company or, if neither such firm is willing or able to select the Comparable Treasury Issue, an independent investment banking institution of national standing appointed by the Company.
"Reference Treasury Dealer" means each of (1) Citigroup Global Markets Inc., and its successors (2) a Primary Treasury Dealer (as defined below) selected by Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, and its successors and (3) two other Primary Treasury Dealers appointed by the Company; provided, however, that if any of the foregoing shall cease to be a primary U.S. Government securities dealer in New York City, which we refer to as a "Primary Treasury Dealer," the Company will substitute another Primary Treasury Dealer.
"Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer and any Redemption Date, the average, as determined by the Independent Investment Banker, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Independent Investment Banker at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the third Business Day preceding such Redemption Date.
All payments on this Note will be made without withholding of any present or future taxes or governmental charges of Switzerland, the Cayman Islands or Bermuda (each, a "Taxing Jurisdiction"), unless the Company is required to do so by applicable law or regulation.
If the Company is required to withhold amounts (other than in the case of withholding required under Sections 1471 through to 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (including any regulations or official interpretations issued in respect thereof or agreements thereunder and any amended or successor provisions) ("FATCA")), it will, subject to the limitations described below, pay to the Holder of this Note additional amounts so that every net payment made to the Holder of this Note, after the withholding, will be the same amount provided for in this Note and the Indenture ("Additional Amounts").
The Company will not be required to pay any Additional Amounts for (1) any tax or governmental charge which would not have been imposed but for the fact that the Holder of this Note: (a) was a resident of, or engaged in business or maintained a permanent establishment or was physically present in, the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction or otherwise had some connection with the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction other than the mere ownership of, or receipt of payment on, this Note, (b) presented this Note for payment in the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction, unless this Note could not have been presented for payment elsewhere, or (c) presented this Note for payment more than 30 days after the date on which the payment became due unless the Holder of
 
this Note would have been entitled to these Additional Amounts if the Holder of this Note had presented this Note for payment within the 30-day period; (2) any estate, inheritance, gift, sale, transfer, personal property or similar tax or other governmental charge; (3) any tax or other governmental charge that is imposed or withheld because of failure by the Holder of this Note to comply with any reasonable request by the Company: (a) to provide information concerning the nationality, residence or identity of the Holder of this Note or that of the beneficial owner of this Note; or (b) to make any claim or satisfy any information or reporting requirement, which in either case is required by the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction as a precondition to exemption from all or part of the tax or other governmental charge; or (4) any combination of items (1), (2) or (3) above.
The Company will not pay Additional Amounts if the Holder of this Note is a fiduciary or partnership or other than the sole beneficial owner of this Note if the beneficiary or partner or settlor would not have been entitled to the Additional Amounts had it been the holder of this Note.
The Company will not pay Additional Amounts to the Holder in the event that any withholding tax is imposed on payments on this Note under FATCA.
By purchasing this Note, each Holder of this Note and each beneficial owner of an interest herein agrees to provide, promptly upon request, to the Company and its agents (or other persons responsible for withholding of taxes, including by not limited to withholding of tax under FATCA or delivery of information under FATCA) information and/or properly completed and signed tax certifications sufficient to eliminate the imposition of or to determine the amount of any withholding of tax, including withholding of tax under FATCA, or to enable the Company or its agents to satisfy reporting and other obligations.
The Company will be entitled to redeem this Note, at its option, at any time as a whole but not in part, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice, at 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest (if any) to the Redemption Date (subject to the right of holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant Interest Payment Date), in the event that the Company or the Guarantor has become or would become obligated to pay, on the next date on which any amount would be payable with respect to this Note, any Additional Amounts as a result of: (1) a change in or an amendment to the laws (including any regulations promulgated thereunder) of a Taxing Jurisdiction, which change or amendment is announced after March 6, 2013; or (2) any change in or amendment to any official position regarding the application or interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment is announced after March 6, 2013, and, in each case, the Company or the Guarantor, as applicable, cannot avoid such obligation by taking reasonable measures available to it.
The Indenture contains provisions whereby (i) the Company and the Guarantor may be discharged from their obligations with respect to the Notes (subject to certain exceptions) or (ii) the Company and the Guarantor may be released from their obligations under specified covenants and agreements in the Indenture, in each case if the Company or the Guarantor irrevocably deposits with the Trustee money or Government Obligations, or a combination thereof, in an amount sufficient, without consideration of any reinvestment, to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness on all Notes of this series, and satisfies certain other conditions, all as more fully provided in the Indenture.
 
This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements and instruments made and to be performed wholly within such State.
All terms used in this Note without definition that are defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.
 
Unless the Certificate of Authentication hereon has been executed by or on behalf of the Trustee under the Indenture by the manual signature of one of its authorized officers, this Note shall not be entitled to any benefits under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed under its corporate seal.
 
Dated: March 13, 2013
 
This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.
Dated: March 13, 2013
 
 
The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription on the face of this instrument, shall be construed as though they were written out in full according to applicable laws or regulations:
 
UNIF GIFT MIN ACT 
                                                             
(Minor)
Custodian    
                                                                     
(Cust)
Under Uniform Gifts to Minors Act
                                                             
(State)
Additional abbreviations may also be used though not in the above list.
 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned registered holder hereby sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) unto
[PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE]
 
[PLEASE PRINT OR TYPEWRITE NAME AND ADDRESS OF ASSIGNEE]
the within Note and all rights thereunder, hereby irrevocably constituting and appointing to transfer said Note on the books of the Company with full power of substitution in the premises.
                                                                                            
Dated:
                                                             
Signature:
                                             
 
Signature Guaranty: 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 

Exhibit 4.2
THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITORY (AS DEFINED IN THE INDENTURE) OR A NOMINEE THEREOF. THIS GLOBAL SECURITY IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR SECURITIES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITORY OR ITS NOMINEE ONLY IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE AND, UNLESS AND UNTIL IT IS EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR SECURITIES IN DEFINITIVE FORM, THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITORY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY, OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY TO THE DEPOSITORY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY, OR BY THE DEPOSITORY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITORY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR DEPOSITORY.
UNLESS THIS SECURITY IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION ("DTC"), TO THE COMPANY (AS DEFINED BELOW) OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY SECURITY ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC) ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.
 
ACE INA Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter called the "Company", which term includes any successor corporation under the Indenture referred to below), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns, the principal sum of Four Hundred Seventy-Five Million Dollars ($475,000,000) on March 13, 2043 and to pay interest thereon from March 13, 2013 or from the most recent interest payment date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, payable semi-annually on March 13 and September 13 in each year (each, an "Interest Payment Date"), commencing September 13, 2013, at the rate of 4.15% per annum, until the principal hereof (and any Additional Amounts (as defined below)) is paid or duly made available for payment. Interest on this Note shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. If any Interest Payment Date or the maturity date falls on a
day that is not a Business Day, the required payment shall be made on the next Business Day as if it were made on the date such payment was due and no interest shall accrue on the amount so payable for the period from and after such Interest Payment Date or the maturity date, as the case may be, to such next Business Day. The interest so payable and punctually paid or duly provided for on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in such Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Note (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the regular record date for such interest, which shall be February 26 or August 29 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, next preceding such Interest Payment Date. Any such interest which is payable, but is not punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date shall forthwith cease to be payable to the registered Holder hereof on the relevant regular record date by virtue of having been such Holder, and may be paid to the Person in whose name this Note (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on a subsequent special record date (which shall be at least 10 days before the payment date) for the payment of such defaulted interest to be fixed by the Company, notice whereof shall be given to the Holders of Notes of this series not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date, or may be paid at any time in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which the Notes may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided in such Indenture. Any interest paid on this Note shall be increased to the extent necessary to pay Additional Amounts as set forth in this Note.
Payment of the principal of, interest on or any Redemption Price or Additional Amounts in respect of this Note will be made at the office or agency of the Company and the Guarantor (as defined below) maintained for that purpose in The Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts; provided, however, that, at the option of the Company or the Guarantor, interest may be paid by check mailed to the address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Security Register; provided, further, that payment to DTC or any successor Depository may be made by wire transfer to the account designated by DTC or such successor depository in writing.
This Note is one of a duly authorized issuance of securities of the Company (herein called the "Notes"), fully and unconditionally guaranteed as to payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest by ACE Limited, a Swiss corporation () (the "Guarantor"), issued and to be issued in one or more series under an Indenture, dated as of August 1, 1999, as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 13, 2013 (such Indenture and First Supplemental Indenture together herein called, together with all indentures supplemental thereto, the "Indenture"), among the Company, the Guarantor and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association and The First National Bank of Chicago), as Trustee (herein called the "Trustee", which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), to which the Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto referenced is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Guarantor, the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes, and of the terms upon which the Notes are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. This Note is one of the series designated on the face hereof, initially limited (subject to exceptions provided in the Indenture) to the aggregate principal amount specified in the Officer's Certificate, dated as of March 13, 2013, establishing the terms of the Notes pursuant to the Indenture.
Aktiengesellschaft
 
The Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company. The Company's obligation to pay the principal of, interest on or any Additional Amounts in respect of the Notes is unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Guarantor pursuant to Article 16 of the Indenture.
If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes shall occur and be continuing, the principal of the Notes may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture.
The Indenture contains provisions permitting, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Company or the Guarantor and the rights of the Holders of the Securities of each series issued under the Indenture at any time by the Company, the Guarantor and the Trustee with the written consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Securities at the time Outstanding of each series affected thereby. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified percentages in aggregate principal amount of the Securities of any series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Company or the Guarantor with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Note shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Notes issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note.
This Note is not subject to any sinking fund.
No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of, interest on or any Redemption Price or any Additional Amounts in respect of this Note, at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein and in the Indenture prescribed.
As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations set forth therein and in this Note, the transfer of this Note may be registered on the Security Register upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Company and the Guarantor maintained for that purpose in any place where the principal of, interest on or any Additional Amounts in respect of this Note are payable, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly executed by, the Holder hereof or by his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Notes of this series and of like tenor, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees.
 
The Notes are issuable only in registered form without coupons in the denominations specified in the Officer's Certificate, dated as of March 13, 2013, establishing the terms of the Notes, all as more fully provided in the Indenture and such Officer's Certificate. As provided in the Indenture and in such Officer's Certificate, and subject to certain limitations set forth in the Indenture, such Officer's Certificate and in this Note, the Notes are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Notes of this series in different authorized denominations, as requested by the Holders surrendering the same.
No service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith, other than in certain cases provided in the Indenture.
Prior to due presentment of this Note for registration of transfer, the Company, the Guarantor, the Trustee and any agent of the Company, the Guarantor or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Note is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Note be overdue, and neither the Company, the Guarantor, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.
The Notes are redeemable as a whole or in part, at the Company's option at any time, at a Redemption Price equal to the greater of (i) 100 percent of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed or (ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon (excluding interest accrued to the Redemption Date) and discounted to the Redemption Date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the applicable Treasury Rate plus 15 basis points, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount being redeemed to but excluding the Redemption Date.
"Treasury Rate" means, with respect to any Redemption Date, (1) the yield, under the heading which represents the average for the immediately preceding week, appearing in the most recently published statistical release designated "H.15(519)" or any successor publication which is published weekly by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and which establishes yields on actively traded United States Treasury securities adjusted to constant maturity under the caption "Treasury Constant Maturities," for the maturity corresponding to the Comparable Treasury Issue (if no maturity is within three months before or after the Remaining Life, yields for the two published maturities most closely corresponding to the Comparable Treasury Issue will be determined and the Treasury Rate will be interpolated or extrapolated from such yields on a straight line basis, rounding to the nearest month) or (2) if such release (or any successor release) is not published during the week preceding the calculation date or does not contain such yields, the rate per year equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield-to-maturity of the Comparable Treasury Issue, calculated using a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Treasury Price for such Redemption Date. The Treasury Rate will be calculated on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date.
"Business Day" means any calendar day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday in New York, New York, and on which commercial banks are open for business in New York, New York.
 
"Comparable Treasury Issue" means the United States Treasury security selected by an Independent Investment Banker as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed.
"Comparable Treasury Price" means (1) the average of four Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such Redemption Date, after excluding the highest and lowest Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (2) if the Independent Investment Banker obtains fewer than four such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all such quotations.
"Independent Investment Banker" means either Citigroup Global Markets Inc. or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, or their respective successors, as may be appointed from time to time by the Company or, if neither such firm is willing or able to select the Comparable Treasury Issue, an independent investment banking institution of national standing appointed by the Company.
"Reference Treasury Dealer" means each of (1) Citigroup Global Markets Inc., and its successors (2) a Primary Treasury Dealer (as defined below) selected by Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, and its successors and (3) two other Primary Treasury Dealers appointed by the Company; provided, however, that if any of the foregoing shall cease to be a primary U.S. Government securities dealer in New York City, which we refer to as a "Primary Treasury Dealer," the Company will substitute another Primary Treasury Dealer.
"Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer and any Redemption Date, the average, as determined by the Independent Investment Banker, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Independent Investment Banker at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the third Business Day preceding such Redemption Date.
All payments on this Note will be made without withholding of any present or future taxes or governmental charges of Switzerland, the Cayman Islands or Bermuda (each, a "Taxing Jurisdiction"), unless the Company is required to do so by applicable law or regulation.
If the Company is required to withhold amounts (other than in the case of withholding required under Sections 1471 through to 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (including any regulations or official interpretations issued in respect thereof or agreements thereunder and any amended or successor provisions) ("FATCA")), it will, subject to the limitations described below, pay to the Holder of this Note additional amounts so that every net payment made to the Holder of this Note, after the withholding, will be the same amount provided for in this Note and the Indenture ("Additional Amounts").
The Company will not be required to pay any Additional Amounts for (1) any tax or governmental charge which would not have been imposed but for the fact that the Holder of this Note: (a) was a resident of, or engaged in business or maintained a permanent establishment or was physically present in, the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction or otherwise had some connection with the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction other than the mere ownership of, or receipt of payment on, this Note, (b) presented this Note for payment in the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction, unless this Note could not have been presented for payment elsewhere, or (c) presented this Note for payment more than 30 days after the date on which the payment became due unless the Holder of
 
this Note would have been entitled to these Additional Amounts if the Holder of this Note had presented this Note for payment within the 30-day period; (2) any estate, inheritance, gift, sale, transfer, personal property or similar tax or other governmental charge; (3) any tax or other governmental charge that is imposed or withheld because of failure by the Holder of this Note to comply with any reasonable request by the Company: (a) to provide information concerning the nationality, residence or identity of the Holder of this Note or that of the beneficial owner of this Note; or (b) to make any claim or satisfy any information or reporting requirement, which in either case is required by the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction as a precondition to exemption from all or part of the tax or other governmental charge; or (4) any combination of items (1), (2) or (3) above.
The Company will not pay Additional Amounts if the Holder of this Note is a fiduciary or partnership or other than the sole beneficial owner of this Note if the beneficiary or partner or settlor would not have been entitled to the Additional Amounts had it been the holder of this Note.
The Company will not pay Additional Amounts to the Holder in the event that any withholding tax is imposed on payments on this Note under FATCA.
By purchasing this Note, each Holder of this Note and each beneficial owner of an interest herein agrees to provide, promptly upon request, to the Company and its agents (or other persons responsible for withholding of taxes, including by not limited to withholding of tax under FATCA or delivery of information under FATCA) information and/or properly completed and signed tax certifications sufficient to eliminate the imposition of or to determine the amount of any withholding of tax, including withholding of tax under FATCA, or to enable the Company or its agents to satisfy reporting and other obligations.
The Company will be entitled to redeem this Note, at its option, at any time as a whole but not in part, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice, at 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest (if any) to the Redemption Date (subject to the right of holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant Interest Payment Date), in the event that the Company or the Guarantor has become or would become obligated to pay, on the next date on which any amount would be payable with respect to this Note, any Additional Amounts as a result of: (1) a change in or an amendment to the laws (including any regulations promulgated thereunder) of a Taxing Jurisdiction, which change or amendment is announced after March 6, 2013; or (2) any change in or amendment to any official position regarding the application or interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment is announced after March 6, 2013, and, in each case, the Company or the Guarantor, as applicable, cannot avoid such obligation by taking reasonable measures available to it.
The Indenture contains provisions whereby (i) the Company and the Guarantor may be discharged from their obligations with respect to the Notes (subject to certain exceptions) or (ii) the Company and the Guarantor may be released from their obligations under specified covenants and agreements in the Indenture, in each case if the Company or the Guarantor irrevocably deposits with the Trustee money or Government Obligations, or a combination thereof, in an amount sufficient, without consideration of any reinvestment, to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness on all Notes of this series, and satisfies certain other conditions, all as more fully provided in the Indenture.
 
This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements and instruments made and to be performed wholly within such State.
All terms used in this Note without definition that are defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.
 
Unless the Certificate of Authentication hereon has been executed by or on behalf of the Trustee under the Indenture by the manual signature of one of its authorized officers, this Note shall not be entitled to any benefits under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed under its corporate seal.
 
Dated: March 13, 2013
 
This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.
Dated: March 13, 2013
 
 
The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription on the face of this instrument, shall be construed as though they were written out in full according to applicable laws or regulations:
TEN COM        as tenants in common
TEN ENT         as tenants by the entireties
JT TEN             as joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common
UNIF GIFT MIN ACT        
                                                         
                                                                     (Minor)
            Custodian      
                                                               
                                                             (Cust)
Under Uniform Gifts to Minors Act  
                                             
                                                                          (State)
Additional abbreviations may also be used though not in the above list.
 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned registered holder hereby sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) unto
[PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE]
 
[PLEASE PRINT OR TYPEWRITE NAME AND ADDRESS OF ASSIGNEE]
the within Note and all rights thereunder, hereby irrevocably constituting and appointing  to transfer said Note on the books of the Company with full power of substitution in the premises.
                                                                                                                                         
                     
Dated: 
                                                 
Signature: 
                                                     
 
Signature Guaranty: 
                                                                                                                                                                                        
 

Exhibit 4.3
This FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this "First Supplemental Indenture"), dated as of March 13, 2013, is made among ACE INA HOLDINGS INC., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), ACE LIMITED, a corporation formed under the laws of Switzerland (the "Guarantor") and THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A., as successor to J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association and The First National Bank of Chicago, as trustee under the indenture referred to below (the "Trustee").
WHEREAS, the Company and the Guarantor have heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an Indenture, dated as of August 1, 1999 (the "Indenture"), providing for the issuance of unsecured debt securities of the Company from time to time in one or more series fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Guarantor;
WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 1.19 of the Indenture, the Company and the Guarantor each designated and appointed ACE USA, Inc. as its agent to receive service of all process with respect to any proceeding in any court in the City of New York;
WHEREAS, the Company and the Guarantor have requested, and the Trustee is prepared to agree, to amend Section 1.19 of the Indenture to replace ACE USA, Inc. as agent (the "Amendment"); and
WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 9.1(12) of the Indenture, the Company, the Guarantor and the Trustee are authorized to execute and deliver this First Supplemental Indenture.
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company, the Guarantor and the Trustee mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Securityholders as follows:
1. . Section 1.19 of the Indenture is hereby replaced in its entirety with the following:
Amendment of Section 1.19 of the Indenture
"The Company and the Guarantor each agrees that any judicial proceedings instituted in relation to any matter arising under this Indenture, the Securities or any Coupons appertaining thereto may be brought in any United States Federal or New York State court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, New York to the extent that such court has subject matter jurisdiction over the controversy, and, by execution and delivery of this Indenture, the Company and the Guarantor each hereby irrevocably accepts, generally and unconditionally, the jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts, acknowledges their competence and irrevocably agrees to be bound by any judgment rendered in such
 
proceeding. The Company and the Guarantor each also irrevocably and unconditionally waives for the benefit of the Trustee and the Holders of the Securities and Coupons any immunity from jurisdiction and any immunity from legal process (whether through service or notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in the aid of execution, execution or otherwise) in respect of this Indenture. The Company and the Guarantor each hereby irrevocably designates and appoints for the benefit of the Trustee and the Holders of the Securities and Coupons for the term of this Indenture ACE Group Holdings, Inc., 1133 Avenue of the Americas, 32
nd
Floor, New York, New York 10036, as its agent to receive on its behalf service of all process (with a copy of all such service of process to be delivered to the General Counsel and Secretary, ACE Limited, Baerengasse 32, CH-8001 Zurich, Switzerland) brought against it with respect to any such proceedings in any such court in The City of New York, such service being hereby acknowledged by each of the Company and the Guarantor to be effective and binding service on it in every respect whether or not the Company or the Guarantor, as the case may be, shall then be doing or shall have at any time done business in New York. Such appointment shall be irrevocable so long as any of the Securities or Coupons or the respective obligations of the Company and the Guarantor hereunder remain outstanding, or until the appointment of a successor by the Company or the Guarantor, as the case may be, and such successor's acceptance of such appointment. Upon such acceptance, the Company or the Guarantor, as the case may be, shall notify the Trustee of the name and address of such successor. The Company and the Guarantor each further agrees for the benefit of the Trustee and the Holders of the Securities and the Coupons to take any and all action, including the execution and filing of any and all such documents and instruments, as may be necessary to continue such designation and appointment of said ACE Group Holdings, Inc. in full force and effect so long as any of the Securities or Coupons or the respective obligations of the Company and the Guarantor hereunder shall be outstanding. The Trustee shall not be obligated and shall have no responsibility with respect to any failure by the Company or the Guarantor to take any such action. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by any law or limit the right of the Trustee or any Holder to institute proceedings against the Company or the Guarantor in the courts of any other jurisdiction or jurisdictions."
2. . Except as expressly amended hereby, the Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This First Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every Holder heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby.
Ratification of Indenture; Supplemental Indentures Part of Indenture
3. . Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the respective terms assigned such terms in the Indenture.
Defined Terms
 
4. . This First Supplemental Indenture shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made or instruments entered into and, in each case, performed in said state.
Governing Law
5. . The Company and the Guarantor each agrees that any judicial proceedings instituted in relation to any matter arising under this First Supplemental Indenture may be brought in any United States Federal or New York State court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, the City of New York, New York to the extent that such court has subject matter jurisdiction over the controversy, and, by execution and delivery of this First Supplemental Indenture, the Company and the Guarantor each hereby irrevocably accepts, generally and unconditionally, the jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts, acknowledges their competence and irrevocably agrees to be bound by any judgment rendered in such proceeding. The Company and the Guarantor each also irrevocably and unconditionally waives for the benefit of the Trustee and the Holders of the Securities and Coupons any immunity from jurisdiction and any immunity from legal process (whether through service or notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in the aid of execution, execution or otherwise) in respect of this Indenture. The Company and the Guarantor each hereby irrevocably designates and appoints for the benefit of the Trustee and the Holders of the Securities and Coupons for the term of this Indenture ACE Group Holdings, Inc., 1133 Avenue of the Americas, 32
Submission to Jurisdiction
nd
Floor, New York, New York 10036, as its agent to receive on its behalf service of all process (with a copy of all such service of process to be delivered to the General Counsel and Secretary, ACE Limited, Baerengasse 32, CH-8001 Zurich, Switzerland) brought against it with respect to any such proceedings in any such court in The City of New York, such service being hereby acknowledged by each of the Company and the Guarantor to be effective and binding service on it in every respect whether or not the Company or the Guarantor, as the case may be, shall then be doing or shall have at any time done business in New York. Such appointment shall be irrevocable so long as any of the Securities or Coupons or the respective obligations of the Company and the Guarantor hereunder remain outstanding, or until the appointment of a successor by the Company or the Guarantor, as the case may be, and such successor's acceptance of such appointment. Upon such acceptance, the Company or the Guarantor, as the case may be, shall notify the Trustee of the name and address of such successor. The Company and the Guarantor each further agrees for the benefit of the Trustee and the Holders of the Securities and the Coupons to take any and all action, including the execution and filing of any and all such documents and instruments, as may be necessary to continue such designation and appointment of said ACE Group Holdings, Inc. in full force and effect so long as any of the Securities or Coupons or the respective obligations of the Company and the Guarantor hereunder shall be outstanding. The Trustee shall not be obligated and shall have no responsibility with respect to any failure by the Company or the Guarantor to take any such action. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by any law or limit the right of the Trustee or any Holder to institute proceedings against the Company or the Guarantor in the courts of any other jurisdiction or jurisdictions.
6. . The Trustee makes no representation as to the validity or sufficiency of this First Supplemental Indenture.
Trustee Makes No Representation
 
7. . The First Supplement Indenture may be executed in several counterparts each of which shall be an original and all of which shall constitute but one and the same instrument.
Counterparts
8. . The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not effect the construction thereof.
Effect of Headings
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this First Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first above written.
 
Signature Page to First Supplemental Indenture

Exhibit 5.1
 
March 13, 2013
PHH/35394
ACE Limited / ACE INA Holdings Inc. - Registration Statement on Form S-3
Ladies and Gentlemen:
We have been asked to render this opinion in our capacity as Swiss counsel to ACE Limited, a corporation organized under the laws of Switzerland (the ""in connection with the preparation and filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, of a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-156143) (the ""relating to, among other things ACE INA Holdings Inc.'s (""offer and sale of USD 475,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 2.7% Senior Notes due 2023 (the "") and USD 475,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.15% Senior Notes due 2043 (the "", and together with the 2023 Notes, the ""), which are in each case fully and unconditionally guaranteed (the ""by the Company.
Company
)
Registration Statement
)
ACE INA
)
2023 Notes
2043 Notes
Notes
Guarantee
)
 
For the purpose of this opinion we have only reviewed and relied on copies of the following documents:
 
 
 
 
 
 
This opinion is confined to and given on the basis of the laws of Switzerland in force at the date hereof as currently applied by Swiss courts. In the absence of explicit statutory law or established case law, we base our opinion solely on our independent professional judgment.
We express no opinion on the laws of any other jurisdiction. The opinions given in this opinion are strictly limited to the matters stated in section III. and do not extend, by implication or otherwise, to any agreement or document referred to in the Registration Statement or any other matter.
The opinions given herein are made on the basis of the following assumptions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Based upon the foregoing, in reliance thereon, and subject to the limitations and assumptions referred to above (II.) and the qualifications set out below (IV.), we are of the following opinion:
 
 
 
This opinion is subject to the following qualifications:
 
 
 
 
In this legal opinion, Swiss legal concepts are expressed in English terms and not in their original German language; the concepts concerned may not be identical to the concepts described by the same English terms as they exist under the laws of other jurisdictions; this legal opinion may, therefore, only be relied upon under the express condition that any issues of interpretation or liability arising hereunder will be governed by Swiss law and be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the City of Zurich, Switzerland, venue being Zurich 1.
 
 
This legal opinion is rendered solely for the purpose of the transactions herein referred to. It may not be used, circulated, quoted, referred to or relied upon for any other purpose without our written consent in each instance. We hereby consent to the filing of this legal opinion as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. In giving this consent, we do not hereby admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder. This legal opinion is strictly limited to the matters stated in it and does not apply by implication to other matters.
Yours sincerely,
Niederer Kraft & Frey AG
 
 

Exhibit 5.2
 
Mayer Brown LLP
71 South Wacker Drive
Chicago, Illinois 60606-4637
Main Tel (312) 782-0600
Main Fax (312) 701-7711
www.mayerbrown.com
March 13, 2013
ACE Limited
Brengasse 32
Zurich, Switzerland CH-8001
ACE INA Holdings Inc.
Two Liberty Place
1601 Chestnut Street
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19192
 
ACE INA Holdings Inc.
Registration Statement on Form S-3
Dear Ladies and Gentlemen:
We have represented ACE Limited ("ACE"), a Swiss company limited by shares (), and ACE INA Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("ACE INA") in connection (i) with the preparation and filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, of a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-178505) (the "Registration Statement") relating to, among other things ACE INA's debt securities, which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed (the "Guarantee") by ACE and (ii) the offer and sale of $450,000,000 aggregate principal amount of ACE INA's 2.70% Senior Notes due 2023 (the "2023 Notes") and $450,000,000 aggregate principal amount of ACE INA's 4.15% Senior Notes due 2043 (the "2043 Notes" and, together with the 2023 Notes, the "Notes").
Aktiengesellschaft
In rendering the opinions expressed herein, we have examined (i) the Indenture, dated as of August 1, 1999 (, as supplemented from time to time the "Indenture"), among ACE, ACE INA and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association and The First National Bank of Chicago), as trustee (the "Trustee"); (ii) the Notes and (iii) the Guarantee.
In addition, we have examined such other documents, certificates and opinions, and have made such further investigation as we have deemed necessary or appropriate for the purposes of the opinions expressed below. In expressing the opinions set forth below, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the conformity to the originals of all documents reviewed by us as copies, the authenticity and completeness of all original documents reviewed by us in original or copy form and the legal competence of each individual executing any document. As to all parties other than ACE INA, we have assumed the due authorization, execution and delivery of all documents, and, with respect to all parties other than ACE INA and ACE, we have assumed the validity and enforceability of all documents against all parties thereto, other than the ACE INA and ACE, in accordance with their respective terms.
As to questions of fact material to our opinions (but not as to legal conclusions), we have, to the extent we deemed such reliance appropriate, relied upon certificates and other statements of officers of ACE INA and ACE and of public officials issued with respect to ACE INA and ACE.
Mayer Brown LLP
March 13, 2013
Page 2
 
Based upon and subject to the foregoing, and having regard for legal considerations which we deem relevant, we are of the opinion that:
(i) ACE INA is duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware;
(ii) the Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by ACE INA and duly executal and delivered by ACE and (assuming the Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Trustee) (to the extent such execution and delivery is governed by the laws of the state of New York), the Indenture constitutes a valid and binding agreement of ACE INA and ACE, enforceable against ACE INA and (assuming the Indenture has been duly authorized by ACE) ACE, enforceable against ACE INA and ACE in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law);
(iii) the Notes have been duly authorized and executed by ACE INA and, assuming the due authentication thereof in the manner provided for in the Indenture and delivery against payment of the consideration therefor, constitute valid and binding obligations of ACE INA, enforceable against ACE INA in accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law); and
(iv) assuming the Guarantee has been duly authorized by ACE under Swiss law, the Guarantee constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of ACE enforceable against ACE in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).
We are admitted to practice in the States of Illinois and New York and our opinions expressed herein are limited solely to the Federal laws of the United States of America, the laws of the States of Illinois and New York and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, including the applicable provisions of the Delaware constitution and reported judicial decisions interpreting these laws, and we express no opinion herein concerning the laws of any other jurisdiction.
The opinions and statements expressed herein are as of the date hereof. We assume no obligation to update or supplement this opinion letter to reflect any facts or circumstances that may hereafter come to our attention or any changes in applicable law which may hereafter occur.
We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference of this opinion as an exhibit to the Registration Statement and to all references to this firm in such Registration Statement. In giving this consent, we do not thereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
 
ESB:BAS
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20130328164435.txt.gz
TIME:20130328164435
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
At the company's 2012 annual general meeting, the company's shareholders approved a dividend in the form of a par value reduction payable in four quarterly installments. The dividend approval provides for an annual par value reduction of 1.80 Swiss francs (CHF), which was equal to US$1.96 per share, or $0.49 per quarter, at the time of the annual general meeting. The actual CHF amount for each installment, however, will be adjusted up or down to equal $0.49 near the time of payment, subject to an aggregate cap for the four installments of CHF 2.70, as further described in the company's proxy statement dated April 4, 2012.
For the fourth of such installments, in accordance with the shareholder approval, the par value reduction amount was fixed at CHF 0.46 based on the USD/CHF exchange rate of 1.0566 as published on March 22, 2013. Accordingly, the company adjusted its Articles of Association on March 28, 2013 to effect the par value reduction of CHF 0.46. The company's amended and restated Articles of Association became effective upon registration in the daily register of the commercial register of the Canton of Zurich, Switzerland on March 28, 2013 and, as a result, the company's par value is CHF 28.43 as of such date.
Accordingly, as expected, the company's shareholders of record at the close of business on March 28, 2013, will receive the dividend scheduled for payment on April 12, 2013. A copy of the amended and restated Articles of Association is attached hereto as Exhibit 3 and incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: March 28, 2013

Exhibit 3
 
 
2
 
3
 
4
 
5
 
6
 
7
 
8
 
9
 
10
 
11
 
12
 
13
 
14
 
15
 
16
 
17
 
18
 
19
 
20
 
21


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20130422160959.txt.gz
TIME:20130422160959
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02. Results of Operations and Financial Condition
On April 22, 2013, ACE Limited issued a Press Release reporting its first quarter 2013 results and the availability of its first quarter 2013 Financial Supplement. The Press Release and the Financial Supplement are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01. Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: April 22, 2013
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance - North American P&C and Insurance - North American Agriculture
 
ACE Limited (NYSE: ACE) today reported net income for the quarter ended March 31, 2013, of $2.77 per share, compared with $2.84 per share for the same quarter last year. Operating income was $2.17 per share, compared with $2.05 per share for the same quarter last year.Book value and tangible book value per share increased 1.6% and 2.2%, respectively, from December 31, 2012. Book value and tangible book value per share now stand at $82.17 and $67.74, respectively. Operating return on equity for the quarter was 11.9%. The property and casualty (P&C) combined ratio for the quarter was 88.2%.
ZURICH -- April 22, 2013 --
(1)
(2)
(2)
 
Evan G. Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited, commented: "ACE had an excellent first quarter and strong start to the year. We produced $746 million in after-tax operating income and our operating ROE was 12%, driven by strong underwriting results. We had a P&C combined ratio of 88.2% that benefited from excellent current accident year underwriting income as a result of both improved margin and growth in our U.S. and international businesses.
"Premium revenue growth across the company was very good, with total net premiums up over 6%. We are taking full advantage of the improved commercial P&C pricing environment in the U.S. and our strong presence in areas of the world where economic fundamentals are superior, such as Asia and Latin America. We completed our acquisition of Mexican surety company Fianzas Monterrey and anticipate closing our acquisition of ABA Seguros, Mexico's fourth-largest personal lines company, over the next few weeks. We are optimistic about our growth prospects for the balance of the year."
Operating highlights for the quarter ended March 31, 2013, were as follows:
(1)
 
 
Page 2/8
Details of financial results by business segment are available in the ACE Limited Financial Supplement. Key segment items for the quarter ended March 31, 2013, include:
 
The company is issuing updated guidance for full-year 2013 to account for the positive first quarter prior period reserve development, lower-than-planned catastrophe losses realized in the first quarter and better-than-expected current accident year results excluding catastrophe losses. The range is $7.10 to $7.50 per share in after-tax operating income for the year. This includes estimated catastrophe losses of $330 million after tax for the second through fourth quarters. Guidance for the balance of the year is for the current accident year only.
Please refer to the ACE Limited , dated March 31, 2013, which is posted on the company's website in the Investor Information section, and access Financial Reports for more detailed information on individual segment performance, together with additional disclosure on reinsurance recoverable, loss reserves, investment portfolio and capital structure.
Financial Supplement
ACE will host its first quarter earnings conference call and webcast on Tuesday, April 23, 2013, beginning at 8:30 a.m. Eastern. The earnings conference call will be available via live and archived webcast at or by dialing 888-299-7205 (within the United States) or 719-457-1517 (international); passcode 3476384. Please refer to the ACE Group website in the Investor Information section under Calendar of Events for details. A replay of the call will be available until Tuesday, May 7, 2013, and the archived webcast will be available for approximately one month. To listen to the replay, please dial 888-203-1112 (in the United States) or 719-457-0820 (international); passcode 3476384.
www.acegroup.com
The ACE Group is one of the world's largest multiline property and casualty insurers. With operations in 53 countries, ACE provides commercial and personal property and casualty insurance, personal accident and supplemental health insurance, reinsurance and life insurance to a diverse group of clients. ACE Limited, the parent company of the ACE Group, is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: ACE) and is a component of the S&P 500 index. Additional information can be found at: .
www.acegroup.com
 
Page 3/8
 All comparisons are with the same period last year unless specifically stated.
(1)
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures:
(2)
is a common performance measurement for insurance companies. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in other income (expense) related to partially-owned entities because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities.
Operating income or income excluding net realized gains (losses), net of tax
is calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, policy benefits, policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting income and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including net investment income, other income (expense), interest and income tax expense and net realized gains (losses). Life underwriting income includes net investment income and gains (losses) from fair value changes in separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). P&C underwriting income and consolidated underwriting income are non-GAAP financial measures. We believe the use of these measures enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business.
Underwriting income
is an annualized non-GAAP financial measure. The ROE numerator includes income adjusted to exclude net realized gains (losses), net of tax. The ROE denominator includes the average shareholders' equity for the period adjusted to exclude unrealized gains (losses) on investments, net of tax. To annualize a quarterly rate, multiply by four. Annualized ROE calculated using income excluding realized gains (losses) is a useful measure as it enhances the understanding of the return on shareholders' equity by highlighting the underlying profitability relative to shareholders' equity excluding the effect of unrealized gains and losses on our investments.
Operating return on equity (ROE) or ROE calculated using income excluding net realized gains (losses)
, is a non-GAAP financial measure. Deposits collected on universal life and investment contracts (life deposits) are properly not reflected as revenues in our consolidated statements of operations in accordance with GAAP. However, we include life deposits in presenting growth in our Life business because new life deposits are an important component of production and key to our efforts to grow our business. However, we exclude results associated with our life reinsurance run-off products as there is no new life reinsurance business currently being written.
Life net premiums written and deposits collected, excluding life reinsurance run-off products
is shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per common share
is shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per common share
See reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on pages 23-24 in the Financial Supplement. These measures should not be viewed as a substitute for net income, return on equity, or effective tax rate determined in accordance with GAAP.
NM - not meaningful comparison
 
Page 4/8
:
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
Forward-looking statements made in this press release, such as those related to company performance and guidance, acquisition activity, economic outlook and insurance market conditions, reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially, including without limitation, the following: competition, pricing and policy term trends, the levels of new and renewal business achieved, the frequency of unpredictable catastrophic events, actual loss experience, uncertainties in the reserving or settlement process, integration activities and performance of acquired companies, new theories of liability, judicial, legislative, regulatory and other governmental developments, litigation tactics and developments, investigation developments and actual settlement terms, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable, credit developments among reinsurers, rating agency action, possible terrorism or the outbreak and effects of war, and economic, political, regulatory, insurance and reinsurance business conditions, as well as management's response to these factors, and other factors identified in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
Page 5/8
 
 
Page 6/8
 
 
Page 7/8
 
 
Page 8/8

Table of Contents
Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
Table of Contents
Note: All dollar amounts in the Financial Supplement are rounded. However, percent changes and ratios are calculated using whole dollars. Accordingly, calculations using rounded dollars may differ.
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
ACE Limited Consolidated
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
ACE Limited Consolidated Constant Dollar
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
Effective Q1 2013, the company's InsuranceNorth American business is presented in two distinct reporting segments: InsuranceNorth American P&C (refer to page 7) and InsuranceNorth American Agriculture (refer to page 8). The below table shows the previous InsuranceNorth American business presentation and should be used for reference purposes only.
InsuranceNorth American
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
InsuranceNorth American P&C
(1)
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
InsuranceNorth American Agriculture
(1)
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
InsuranceOverseas General
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
Global Reinsurance
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
Life
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
Table of Contents
Net Reinsurance Recoverable by Division
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
Mortgage-backed Fixed Income Portfolio
Mortgage-backed securities
 
 
total $12.1 billion, are rated predominantly AA and comprise 21% of the fixed income portfolio. This compares to a 31% mortgage-backed weighting in representative indices of the U.S. fixed income market. The minimum rating for initial purchases of mortgage-backed securities is AA for agency mortgages and AAA for non-agency mortgages.
Mortgage-backed securities
with implied or explicit government guarantees total $10.3 billion and represent 97% of the residential mortgage-backed portfolio.
Securities issued by Federal agencies
are backed by prime collateral, and broadly diversified in over 33,000 loans. The portfolio's original loan-to-value ratio is approximately 65% with an average FICO score of 731. With this conservative loan-to-value ratio and subordinated collateral of 5%, the cumulative 5-year foreclosure rate would have to rise to 17% before principal is significantly impaired. The foreclosure rate of ACE's non-agency RMBS portfolio at March 31, 2013 was 6%.
Non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities
of $1.4 billion are rated predominantly AAA, broadly diversified with over 13,000 loans and seasoned with 31% of the portfolio issued before 2006 and 52% of the portfolio issued after 2009. The average loan-to-value ratio is approximately 64% with a debt service coverage ratio in excess of 1.9 and weighted average subordinated collateral of 30%. The cumulative foreclosure rate would have to rise to 43% before principal is impaired. The foreclosure rate of ACE's commercial mortgage-backed securities portfolio at March 31, 2013 was 1.7%.
Commercial mortgage-backed securities
 
 
Table of Contents
U.S. Corporate and Asset-backed Fixed Income Portfolios
Market Value at March 31, 2013
 
U.S. Investment Grade Corporate Fixed Income Portfolio
The average credit quality of ACE's U.S. investment grade bond portfolio is high at A.
ACE prohibits investments in complex structured securities (e.g., CDOs, CLOs) and over-the-counter derivatives and does not permit the use of portfolio leverage.
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
Market Value at March 31, 2013
 
U.S. Below Investment Grade Corporate Fixed Income Portfolio
ACE manages high yield bonds as a distinct and separate asset class from investment grade bonds. ACE's allocation to high yield bonds is explicitly set by internal management and is targeted to securities in the upper tier of credit quality (BB/B). Our minimum rating for initial purchase is BB/B.
Six external investment managers are responsible for high yield security selection and portfolio construction.
ACE's high yield managers have a conservative approach to credit selection and very low historical default experience.
Securities holdings are highly diversified across industries and are subject to a 1.5% issuer limit as a percentage of high yield allocation. The portfolio comprises over 750 issuers with our largest current issuer exposure at $90 million. ACE monitors position limits on a daily basis through an internal compliance system.
Derivative and structured securities (e.g., credit default swaps, CLOs) are not permitted in high yield portfolios.
 
 
Table of Contents
Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio
March 31, 2013
 
 
Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio
ACE's non-U.S. investment grade fixed income portfolios are currency-matched with the insurance liabilities of ACE's non-U.S. operations.
75% of ACE's non-U.S. fixed income portfolios are denominated in G7 currencies.
Average credit quality of non-U.S. fixed income securities is high at A and 54% of holdings are rated AAA or guaranteed by governments or quasi-government agencies.
Corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA 2%, A 1%, BBB 0.5% of total portfolio) and are monitored on a daily basis by ACE via an internal compliance system.
 
 
Table of Contents
Eurozone Non-U.S. Fixed Income Portfolio (Excluding United Kingdom)
March 31, 2013
 
Note: ACE has no investments in Greece and Italy.
Top 10 ExposuresEurozone Banks (Excluding United Kingdom)
 
Top 10 ExposuresEurozone Corporate (Excluding United Kingdom)
 
 
 
Table of Contents
Investment portfolio
Top 25 ExposuresFixed Maturity Investments
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
Note: As of March 31, 2013, there was $1.4 billion usage of credit facilities on a total commitment of $1.9 billion.
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
Regulation GNon-GAAP Financial Measures
In presenting our results, we have included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations. However, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). A reconciliation of book value per common share is provided on page 25.
In presenting our segment operating results, we have shown our performance with reference to underwriting results. Underwriting results are calculated by subtracting losses and loss expenses, policy benefits, policy acquisition costs, and administrative expenses from net premiums earned. We use underwriting results and operating ratios to monitor the results of our operations without the impact of certain factors, including investment income, other income and expenses, interest and income tax expense, and net realized gains (losses). Life underwriting income includes net investment income and gains (losses) from fair value changes in separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under GAAP.
Loss and loss expense ratio excluding the impact of catastrophe losses and prior period development (PPD) is a non-GAAP financial measure. The loss ratio numerator includes Losses and loss expenses adjusted to exclude catastrophe losses and PPD. The loss ratio denominator includes Net premiums earned adjusted to exclude the amount of reinstatement premiums (expensed) collected. In periods where there are adjustments on loss sensitive policies, these adjustments are excluded from PPD and net earned premiums when calculating this ratio. We believe that excluding the impact of catastrophe losses and PPD provides a better evaluation of our core underwriting performance and enhances the understanding of the trends in our property & casualty business that may be obscured by these items.
Combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses and PPD is a non-GAAP financial measure. The ratio numerator includes losses and loss expenses, policy acquisition costs, and administrative expenses adjusted to exclude catastrophe losses and PPD. The ratio denominator includes net premiums earned adjusted to exclude the amount of reinstatement premiums (expensed) collected and net earned premium adjustments on loss sensitive policies. We believe that excluding the impact of catastrophe losses and PPD provides a better evaluation of our core underwriting performance and enhances the understanding of the trends in our property & casualty business that may be obscured by these items.
Life net premiums written and deposits collected, excluding life reinsurance run-off products, is a non-GAAP financial measure. Deposits collected on universal life and investment contracts (life deposits) are properly not reflected as revenues in our consolidated statements of operations in accordance with GAAP. However, we include life deposits in presenting growth in our Life business because new life deposits are an important component of production and key to our efforts to grow our business. However, we exclude results associated with our life reinsurance run-off products as there is no new life reinsurance business currently being written.
Operating return on equity (ROE) or ROE calculated using income excluding net realized gains (losses) is an annualized non-GAAP financial measure. The ROE numerator includes income adjusted to exclude net realized gains (losses), net of tax. The ROE denominator includes the average shareholders' equity for the period adjusted to exclude unrealized gains (losses) on investments, net of tax. To annualize a quarterly rate, multiply by four. Operating ROE is a useful measure as it enhances the understanding of the return on shareholders' equity by highlighting the underlying profitability relative to shareholders' equity excluding the effect of unrealized gains and losses on our investments.
Operating income or Income excluding net realized gains (losses), net of tax, is a common performance measurement for insurance companies and non-GAAP financial measure. We believe this presentation enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the underlying profitability of our insurance business. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and net realized gains (losses) included in other income (expense) related to partially owned entities because the amount of these gains (losses) is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. Operating income or Income excluding net realized gains (losses) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income determined in accordance with GAAP.
Operating effective tax rate is a non-GAAP financial measure. The numerator excludes tax on net realized gains (losses). The denominator excludes net realized gains (losses), before tax. We exclude net realized gains (losses) and the related tax impact because these amounts are heavily influenced by, and fluctuate in part according to, the availability of market opportunities. Operating effective tax rate should not be viewed as a substitute for effective tax rate determined in accordance with GAAP.
The following table presents the reconciliation of Net income to Operating income:
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
Regulation GNon-GAAP Financial Measures (continued)
The following table presents the reconciliation of effective tax rate to the operating effective tax rate:
 
 
 
Table of Contents
Reconciliation of Book Value per Common Share
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
comprises all segments including Corporate and Other.
ACE Limited Consolidated
Operating income or Income excluding net realized gains (losses), net of tax, divided by average shareholders' equity for the period excluding unrealized gains (losses) on investments, net of tax. To annualize a quarterly rate multiply by four.
Operating return on equity (ROE) or ROE calculated using income excluding net realized gains (losses):
Shareholders' equity divided by the shares outstanding.
Book value per common share:
Combined Insurance Company of America, acquired April 1, 2008.
Combined Insurance:
The sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio excluding life business. Calculated on a GAAP basis.
Combined ratio:
Income tax expense excluding tax expense (benefit) on net realized gains (losses) divided by income excluding net realized gains (losses) before tax.
Operating effective tax rate:
A group of seven industrialized nations including Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, United Kingdom, and the United States.
G7:
Net premiums earned and net investment income less policy benefits, acquisition costs, and administrative expenses. In addition, Life underwriting income includes gains/losses from fair value changes in separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under GAAP.
Life underwriting income:
Not meaningful.
NM:
Shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets divided by the shares outstanding.
Tangible book value per common share:
Total capitalization less goodwill and other intangible assets.
Tangible capital:
Short-term debt, long-term debt, trust preferreds, and shareholders' equity.
Total capitalization:
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ACE/ACE-8K-20130520164300.txt.gz
TIME:20130520164300
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
(e) At the company's 2013 annual general meeting, the company's shareholders approved the ACE Limited 2004 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended through the sixth amendment, (the "LTIP") increasing the number of common shares reserved for delivery under the LTIP by 8,000,000 shares, which shares are in addition to the 30,600,000 common shares previously reserved under the LTIP. In addition to increasing the number of common shares available for issuance, the sixth amendment also increased by 3,200,000 shares the sublimit that restricts the ability to grant "full value awards" under the LTIP. A more complete description of the LTIP is contained in company's proxy statement, dated April 5, 2013, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, under the heading "Agenda Item No. 7: Approval of ACE Limited 2004 Long-Term Incentive Plan as Amended through the Sixth Amendment," which is hereby incorporated herein by reference. For the full text of the LTIP, see Exhibit 10.1 hereto, which is hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
At the company's 2013 annual general meeting, the company's shareholders approved an amendment to Article 17(a) of the Articles of Association to authorize the declassification of the company's board of directors commencing at the company's annual general meeting in 2014, at which time directors will stand for election for one-year terms. Directors who were elected at the company's 2013 or 2012 annual general meetings whose terms will expire in 2015 or 2016 will continue to hold office until the end of the terms for which they were elected. All directors will be elected on an annual basis beginning with the company's 2016 annual general meeting, as further described in the company's proxy statement dated April 5, 2013, under the heading "Agenda Item No.2: Approval of the Articles of Association to Declassify the Board of Directors." Such amendment to Article 17(a) of the Articles of Association will become effective with its registration in the Commercial Register of the Canton of Zurich, Switzerland (the "Swiss Commercial Register"). Filing of the Articles of Association with the Swiss Commercial Register occurred on May 17, 2013 and registration is expected to be effective on or about May 21, 2013.
At the company's 2013 annual general meeting, the company's shareholders also prospectively approved amendments to the company's Articles of Association in conjunction with their approval of payments of a dividend in the form of distribution through par value reduction, as further described in the company's proxy statement dated April 5, 2013, under the heading "Agenda Item No.8: Approval of Distribution to Shareholders in the Form of Par Value Reduction." Such amendments will become effective with the registration of each quarterly par value reduction in the Swiss Commercial Register.
A copy of the amended Articles of Association is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1 and incorporated herein by reference.
On May 16, 2013, the board of directors of the company amended Section 7 of the company's Organizational Regulations primarily to reflect the changes to the compensation committee's authority, duties and responsibilities required by the amended listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange. A copy of the amended Organizational Regulations is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.2 and incorporated herein by reference.
 
The company convened its annual general meeting of shareholders on May 16, 2013 pursuant to notice duly given. The matters voted upon at the meeting and the results of such voting are set forth below:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The voting results for Agenda Item No. 5 exclude shares held by the company's directors and executive officers, who are not permitted by law to vote their shares on the discharge of the Board of Directors.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Under the company's Articles of Association, shareholder approval of proposals is generally determined by simple majority of votes cast, such that abstentions and broker non-votes are disregarded in the tabulation of the vote to determine approval. At the 2013 annual general meeting, abstentions and broker non-votes were not considered in the tabulation of the vote (and thus should be disregarded) to determine approval of each of the items above.
 
(d) Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
DATE: May 20, 2013
 
 
 

Exhibit 3.1
 
 
2
 
3
 
4
 
5
 
6
 
7
 
8
 
9
 
10
 
11
 
12
 
13
 
14
 
15
 
16
 
17
 
18
 
19
 
20

Exhibit 3.2
Contents
 
 
2
 
3
 
The board of directors of ACE Limited, Switzerland, ("") issues the following organizational regulations ("") based on art. 716b CO and art. 19 of the articles of association of ACE Limited ("").
Company
Organizational Regulations
Articles of Association
 
The Organizational Regulations define the organization and responsibilities of the executive bodies, i.e. the board of directors and its members (""), its committees and its chairman, the delegate of the board of directors and the chief executive officer as well as the executive management of the Company and its subsidiaries (together with the Company the ""). They implement and supplement applicable law and the Articles of Association by establishing binding rules regarding the organization of the Group and its overall management.
Board Members
Group
 
The executive bodies of the Company are:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors is entitled to pass resolutions on all matters which are not delegated to, or reserved for, the shareholders meeting or another body of the Company by law, the Articles of Association or the Organizational Regulations.
 
4
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5
The Board of Directors has the following further powers and responsibilities with regard to the Company and the Group:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors delegates the management of the Company and the Group to the Chief Executive Officer and the other members of the Executive Management as provided for by these Organizational Regulations.
Board Members will have complete and open access to the Chief Executive Officer, chief financial officer, general counsel, chief compliance officer and the head of internal audit.
 
7
The Board of Directors shall elect a Chairman as well as a Lead Director (who also acts as vice-chairman) from amongst its members. The Chairman may also be appointed as the Chief Executive Officer, i.e. the Delegate.
The Board of Directors shall appoint a Secretary (a person keeping the minutes and assisting in the preparation of board meetings) who need not to be a member of the Board of Directors.
 
 
 
 
In case of urgency shorter notice periods are permitted. If all Board Members are present and agree, deviations from these formal requirements are permitted; in particular, decisions can be taken that are not mentioned on the agenda.
Furthermore, these formal requirements do not have to be observed, if a meeting is only convened in order to record the implementation of a capital increase, to pass resolutions regarding the amendments of the Articles of Association entailed therewith and to adopt the report on the capital increase.
 
 
 
 
A quorum of Board Members shall not be required in order to record the implementation of a capital increase, to pass resolutions regarding the amendments of the Articles of Association entailed therewith and to adopt the report on the capital increase.
 
8
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors shall submit nominations of new Board Members for election at the shareholders meeting that ensure an adequate size and well-balanced composition of the Board of Directors and further ensure that a majority of the Board Members are independent within applicable legal and stock exchange requirements.
 
9
 
 
The Chairman shall preside over the shareholders meeting. Together with the person keeping the minutes, he/she shall sign the minutes of the shareholders meeting.
The Chairman has the right to call in third parties as advisors in meetings of the Board of Directors.
 
 
If the Chairman of the Board of Directors is prevented from performing his/her duties, they shall be performed by the Lead Director.
 
The Board of Directors shall appoint a Lead Director, who shall have the following responsibilities, together with such others as the Board of Directors might from time to time specify:
 
 
 
 
 
10
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
11
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
12
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
13
 
 
 
 
 
 
14
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
15
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
16
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
17
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
18
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
19
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
20
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
21
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
22
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Meetings of the executive committee ("") are convened in accordance with Clause 5.4. Additionally, the Delegate and the Chief Executive Officer may request a meeting.
Executive Committee
 
23
In case of urgencies, the Executive Committee is to exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the ultimate management of the business and affairs of the Company between the meetings of the Board of Directors, except (a) as limited by Clause 2.1, the Company's Articles of Association, rules of the New York Stock Exchange or applicable law or regulation and (b) matters that are specifically reserved for another Committee of the Board of Directors.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
24
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Risk & Finance Committee helps execute the Board's supervisory responsibilities pertaining to enterprise risk management, capital structure, financing arrangements and investments.
The Risk & Finance Committee's responsibilities include: (a) evaluation of the integrity and effectiveness of the Company's enterprise risk management procedures and systems and information (the); (b) oversight of policy decisions pertaining to risk aggregation and minimization, including credit risk (the); (c) assessment of the Company's major decisions and preparedness levels pertaining to perceived material risks (the; (d) oversight of the capital structure and financing arrangements in support of the Company's plans and consistent with its risk tolerances; and (e) oversight of management's investment of the Company's investible assets give input on strategies, and monitor overall conditions and developments, with respect to these assets and, again, to make sure they are consistent with the Company's risk tolerances.
cognitive
strategic
tactical)
 
 
 
25
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
26
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
27
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
28
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
29
 
The Nominating and Governance Committee is to assist the Board of Directors in (1) identifying individuals qualified to become Board Members, and recommending to the Board Members nominees for the next annual general shareholders meeting or to fill vacancies; and (2) developing and recommending to the Board of Directors corporate governance guidelines for the Group.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
30
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
32
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors may designate one or more additional committees, each such committee to consist of such person or persons as may be designated by the Board of Directors. Except as expressly limited by law or by the Company's Articles of Association or by resolution of the Board of Directors, any such committee shall have and may exercise such powers and adopt such procedures as the Board of Directors may determine and specify in the resolution designating such committee.
 
33
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
34
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
35
In case of urgency shorter notice periods are permitted. If all members of the Executive Management are present and agree, deviations from these formal requirements are permitted; in particular, decisions can be taken that are not mentioned on the agenda.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Group internal audit ("") shall examine and evaluate the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's internal control environment, and the quality of performance in carrying out assigned responsibilities to achieve the Group's goals and objectives.
Group Internal Audit
In fulfilling its responsibilities, Group Internal Audit shall:
 
 
 
 
 
36
The organizational structure of Group Internal Audit and resource requirements necessary for Group Internal Audit to perform its activities shall be defined by the head of Group Internal Audit and submitted to the Audit Committee for approval. The head of Group Internal Audit shall review and approve all new hires and terminations of staff.
 
Group Internal Audit shall adhere to the Group's guidelines and procedures and Group Internal Audit's organization and processes manuals and guidelines or to such other standards as required by applicable law or regulation.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
37
The Board Members as well as all other executive bodies and employees are obliged to maintain secrecy towards third parties regarding all facts they obtain knowledge of during the performance of their duties. These duties of non-disclosure survive the termination of the relationship of the respective individual with the Company.
 
Upon termination of the relationship with the Company all business files must be returned with the exception of documents used by a Board Member to follow-up his/her own actions.
 
The business year of the Company starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December.
 
 
These Organizational Regulations shall enter into force on the date of adoption by the Board of Directors; be it in a meeting or by circular resolution.
 
These Organizational Regulations shall be reviewed and if necessary amended on a regular basis by the Board of Directors.
 
The Company shall indemnify, in accordance with and to the full extent now or hereafter permitted by law, any member of the Board of Directors or officer of the Company who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding (including, without limitation, an action by or in the right of the Company), by reason of his acting as a director or officer of the Company, against any liability or expense actually and reasonably incurred by such person in respect thereof. The Company shall advance the expenses of defending any such act, suit or proceeding in accordance with and to the full extent now or hereafter permitted by law. Such indemnification and advancement of expenses are not exclusive of any other right to indemnification or advancement of expenses provided by law or otherwise.
The Board of Directors may authorize the Company to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or
 
38
agent of another company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, or in a fiduciary or other capacity with respect to any employee benefit plan maintained by the Company, against any liability asserted against him and incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Article 18.
 
39
Zurich, Switzerland
May 16, 2013
The Chairman of the Board of Directors:
 
 
40

Exhibit 10.1
1.1. . The ACE Limited 2004 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the "Plan") has been established by ACE Limited (the "Company") to (i) attract and retain persons eligible to participate in the Plan; (ii) motivate Participants, by means of appropriate incentives, to achieve long-range goals; (iii) provide incentive compensation opportunities that are competitive with those of other similar companies; and (iv) further identify Participants' interests with those of the Company's other shareholders through compensation that is based on the Company's shares of common stock; and thereby promote the long-term financial interest of the Company and the Subsidiaries, including the growth in value of the Company's equity and enhancement of long-term shareholder return.
Purpose
1.2. . Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Committee shall determine and designate, from time to time, from among the Eligible Individuals (including transferees of Eligible Individuals to the extent the transfer is permitted by the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement), those persons who will be granted one or more Awards under the Plan, and thereby become "Participants" in the Plan.
Participation
1.3. . The operation and administration of the Plan, including the Awards made under the Plan, shall be subject to the provisions of Section 5 (relating to operation and administration). Capitalized terms in the Plan shall be defined as set forth in the Plan (including the definition provisions of Section 9).
Operation, Administration, and Definitions
2.1. .
Definitions
 
 
2.2. . The "Exercise Price" of each Option and SAR granted under this Section 2 shall be established by the Committee or shall be determined by a method established by the Committee at the time the Option or SAR is granted. The Exercise Price shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the date of grant (or, if greater, the par value of a share of Stock).
Exercise Price
2.3. . An Option and an SAR shall be exercisable in accordance with such terms and conditions and during such periods as may be established by the Committee. In no event, however, shall an Option or SAR expire later than ten years after the date of its grant.
Exercise
2.4. . The payment of the Exercise Price of an Option granted under this Section 2 shall be subject to the following:
Payment of Option Exercise Price
 
 
 
2.5. . Settlement of Options and SARs is subject to subsection 5.7.
Settlement of Award
2.6. . Except for either adjustments pursuant to paragraph 5.2(f) (relating to the adjustment of shares), or reductions of the Exercise Price approved by the Company's shareholders, the Exercise Price for any outstanding Option or SAR may not be decreased after the date of grant nor may an outstanding Option or SAR granted under the Plan be surrendered to the Company as consideration for the grant of a replacement Option or SAR with a lower Exercise Price. Except as approved by Company's shareholders, in no event shall any Option or SAR granted under the Plan be surrendered to Company in consideration for a cash payment if, at the time of such surrender, the Exercise Price of the Option or SAR is greater than the then current Fair Market Value of a Share.
No Repricing
2.7. . An Option may but need not be in tandem with an SAR, and an SAR may but need not be in tandem with an Option. If an Option is in tandem with an SAR, the Exercise Price of both the Option and SAR shall be the same, and the exercise of the
Grants of Options and SARs
 
Option or SAR with respect to a share of Stock shall cancel the corresponding tandem SAR or Option right with respect to such share. If an SAR is in tandem with an Option but is granted after the grant of the Option, or if an Option is in tandem with an SAR but is granted after the grant of the SAR, the later granted tandem Award shall have the same Exercise Price as the earlier granted Award, but the Exercise Price for the later granted Award may be less than the Fair Market Value of the Stock at the time of such grant.
3.1. . A "Full Value" Award is a grant of one or more shares of Stock or a right to receive one or more shares of Stock in the future, with such grant subject to one or more of the following, as determined by the Committee:
Definition
 
 
 
The grant of Full Value Awards may also be subject to such other conditions, restrictions and contingencies, as determined by the Committee.
3.2. .
Restrictions on Awards
 
 
 
A Cash Incentive Award is the grant of a right to receive a payment of cash (or in the discretion of the Committee, Stock having value equivalent to the cash otherwise payable) that is contingent on achievement of performance or other objectives over a specified period established by the Committee. The grant of Cash Incentive Awards may also be subject to such other conditions, restrictions and contingencies, as determined by the Committee. The Committee may designate a Cash Incentive Award granted to any Participant as "performance-based compensation" as that term is used in section 162(m) of the Code. To the extent required by Code section 162(m), any such Award so designated shall be conditioned on the achievement of one or more performance objectives. The performance objectives shall be based on Performance Measures as selected by the Committee. For Awards under this Section 4 intended to be "performance-based compensation," the grant of the Awards and the establishment of the performance objectives shall be made during the period required under Code section 162(m). Except as otherwise provided in the applicable plan or arrangement, distribution of any cash incentive awards by the Company or its Subsidiaries (whether granted this Plan or otherwise), for a performance period ending in a calendar year, shall be made to the Participant not later than March 15 of the following calendar year; provided, however, that for purposes of determining compliance with Code section 409A, a payment will be considered to satisfy the requirement of this sentence if distribution is made no later than the end of the calendar year following the end of the applicable performance period.
5.1. . Subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Company at the Company's 2004 annual meeting of its shareholders, the Plan shall be effective as of February 25, 2004 (the "Effective Date"); provided, however, that, to the extent not prohibited by applicable law or the applicable rules of any stock exchange, Awards may be granted contingent on approval of the Plan by the shareholders of the Company at such annual meeting. The Plan shall be unlimited in duration and, in the event of Plan termination, shall remain in effect as long as any Awards under it are outstanding; provided, however, that no Awards may be granted under the Plan on or after the ten-year anniversary of February 27, 2013, which is the date on which the Plan was amended by the Sixth Amendment.
Effective Date
5.2. . The shares of Stock for which Awards may be granted under the Plan shall be subject to the following:
Shares and Other Amounts Subject to Plan
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5.3. . Delivery of shares of Stock or other amounts under the Plan shall be subject to the following:
General Restrictions
 
 
5.4. . All distributions under the Plan are subject to withholding of all applicable taxes, and the Committee may condition the delivery of any shares or other benefits under the Plan on satisfaction of the applicable withholding obligations. Except as otherwise provided by the Committee, such withholding obligations may be satisfied (i) through cash payment by the Participant; (ii) through the surrender of shares of Stock which the Participant already owns (provided, however, that to the extent shares described in this clause (ii) are used to satisfy more than the minimum statutory withholding obligation, as described below, then, except as otherwise provided by the Committee, payments made with shares of Stock in accordance with this clause (ii) shall be limited to shares held by the Participant for not less than six months prior to the payment date); or (iii) through the surrender of shares of Stock to which the Participant is otherwise entitled under the Plan, provided, however, that such shares under this clause (iii) may be used to satisfy not more than the Company's minimum statutory withholding obligation (based on minimum statutory withholding rates for Federal and state tax purposes, including payroll taxes, that are applicable to such supplemental taxable income).
Tax Withholding
5.5. . In the discretion of the Committee, a Participant may be granted any Award permitted under the provisions of the Plan, and more than one Award may be granted to a Participant. Awards may be granted as alternatives to or replacement of awards granted or outstanding under the Plan, or any other plan or arrangement of the Company or a Subsidiary (including a plan or arrangement of a business or entity, all or a portion of which is acquired by the Company or a Subsidiary). Subject to the overall limitation on the number of shares of Stock that may be delivered under the Plan, the Committee may use available shares of Stock as the form of payment for compensation, grants or rights earned or due under any other compensation plans or arrangements of the Company or a Subsidiary, including the plans and arrangements of the Company or a Subsidiary assumed in business combinations. Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection 2.2, Options and SARs granted under the Plan in replacement for awards under plans and arrangements of the Company or a Subsidiary assumed in business combinations may provide for Exercise Prices that are less than the Fair Market Value of the Stock at the time of the replacement grants, if the Committee determines that such Exercise Price is appropriate to preserve the economic benefit of the award. The provisions of this subsection shall be subject to the provisions of subsection 5.16.
Grant and Use of Awards
 
5.6. . An Award (including without limitation an Option or SAR Award) may provide the Participant with the right to receive dividend or dividend equivalent payments with respect to Stock subject to the Award (both before and after the Stock subject to the Award is earned, vested, or acquired), which payments may be either made currently or credited to an account for the Participant, and may be settled in cash or Stock, as determined by the Committee. Any such settlements, and any such crediting of dividends or dividend equivalents or reinvestment in shares of Stock, may be subject to such conditions, restrictions and contingencies as the Committee shall establish, including the reinvestment of such credited amounts in Stock equivalents. The provisions of this subsection shall be subject to the provisions of subsection 5.16.
Dividends and Dividend Equivalents
5.7. . The obligation to make payments and distributions with respect to Awards may be satisfied through cash payments, the delivery of shares of Stock, the granting of replacement Awards (subject to subsection 2.6), or combination thereof as the Committee shall determine. Satisfaction of any such obligations under an Award, which is sometimes referred to as "settlement" of the Award, may be subject to such conditions, restrictions and contingencies as the Committee shall determine. The Committee may permit or require the deferral of any Award payment, subject to such rules and procedures as it may establish, which may include provisions for the payment or crediting of interest or dividend equivalents, and may include converting such credits into deferred Stock equivalents. Except for Options and SARs designated at the time of grant or otherwise as intended to be subject to Code section 409A, this subsection 5.7 shall not be construed to permit the deferred settlement of Options or SARs, if such settlement would result in deferral of compensation under Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(5)(i)(A)(3) (except as permitted in paragraphs (i) and (ii) of that section). Each Subsidiary shall be liable for payment of cash due under the Plan with respect to any Participant to the extent that such benefits are attributable to the services rendered for that Subsidiary by the Participant. Any disputes relating to liability of a Subsidiary for cash payments shall be resolved by the Committee. The provisions of this subsection shall be subject to the provisions of subsection 5.16.
Settlement of Awards
5.8. . Awards under the Plan are not transferable except as designated by the Participant by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and except for transfers without consideration to the extent permitted by the Committee.
Transferability
5.9. . Unless otherwise specified herein, each election required or permitted to be made by any Participant or other person entitled to benefits under the Plan, and any permitted modification, or revocation thereof, shall be in writing filed with the Committee at such times, in such form, and subject to such restrictions and limitations, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, as the Committee shall require.
Form and Time of Elections
5.10. . An Award under the Plan shall be subject to such terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the Plan, as the Committee shall, in its sole discretion, prescribe. The terms and conditions of any Award to any Participant shall be reflected in such form of written (including electronic) document as is determined by the
Agreement With Company
 
Committee. A copy of such document shall be provided to the Participant, and the Committee may, but need not require that the Participant sign a copy of such document. Such document is referred to in the Plan as an "Award Agreement" regardless of whether any Participant signature is required.
5.11. . Any action required or permitted to be taken by the Company or any Subsidiary shall be by resolution of its board of directors, or by action of one or more members of the board (including a committee of the board) who are duly authorized to act for the board, or (except to the extent prohibited by applicable law or applicable rules of any stock exchange) by a duly authorized officer of such company.
Action by Company or Subsidiary
5.12. . Where the context admits, words in any gender shall include any other gender, words in the singular shall include the plural and the plural shall include the singular.
Gender and Number
5.13..
Limitation of Implied Rights
 
 
5.14. . Except as otherwise provided by the Committee, Awards to a Participant (including the grant and the receipt of benefits) under the Plan shall be disregarded for purposes of determining the Participant's benefits under any Qualified Retirement Plan and other plans maintained by the Participant's employer. The term "Qualified Retirement Plan" means any plan of the Company or a Subsidiary that is intended to be qualified under section 401(a) of the Code.
Benefits Under Qualified Retirement Plans
5.15. . Evidence required of anyone under the Plan may be by certificate, affidavit, document or other information which the person acting on it considers pertinent and reliable, and signed, made or presented by the proper party or parties.
Evidence
 
5.16. . The provisions of the Plan shall be subject to the following:
Limitations under Section 409A
 
 
 
Subject to the provisions of paragraph 5.2(f) (relating to the adjustment of shares), the occurrence of a Change in Control shall have the effect, if any, with respect to any Award as set forth in the Award Agreement or, to the extent not prohibited by the Plan or the Award Agreement, as provided by the Committee.
7.1. . The authority to control and manage the operation and administration of the Plan shall be vested in a committee (the "Committee") in accordance with this Section 7. The Committee shall be selected by the Board, and shall consist solely of two or more members of the Board. If the Committee does not exist, or for any other reason determined by the Board, and to the extent not prohibited by applicable law or the applicable rules of any stock exchange, the Board may take any action under the Plan that would otherwise be the responsibility of the Committee.
Administration
7.2. . The Committee's administration of the Plan shall be subject to the following:
Powers of Committee
 
 
 
 
 
7.3. . Except to the extent prohibited by applicable law or the applicable rules of a stock exchange, the Committee may allocate all or any portion of its responsibilities and powers to any one or more of its members and may delegate all or any part of its responsibilities and powers to any person or persons selected by it. Any such allocation or delegation may be revoked by the Committee at any time.
Delegation by Committee
7.4. . The Company and Subsidiaries shall furnish the Committee with such data and information as it determines may be required for it to discharge its duties. The records of the Company and Subsidiaries as to an employee's or Participant's employment (or other provision of services), termination of employment (or cessation of the provision of services), leave of absence, reemployment and compensation shall be conclusive on all persons unless determined to be incorrect. Participants and other persons entitled to benefits under the Plan must furnish the Committee such evidence, data or information as the Committee considers desirable to carry out the terms of the Plan.
Information to be Furnished to Committee
 
The Board may, at any time, amend or terminate the Plan, and may amend any Award Agreement, provided that no amendment or termination may, in the absence of written consent to the change by the affected Participant (or, if the Participant is not then living, the affected beneficiary), adversely affect the rights of any Participant or beneficiary under any Award granted under the Plan prior to the date such amendment is adopted by the Board; and further provided that adjustments pursuant to paragraph 5.2(f) shall not be subject to the foregoing limitations of this Section 8; and further provided that the provisions of subsection 2.6 (relating to Option repricing) cannot be amended unless the amendment is approved by the Company's shareholders. Approval by the Company's shareholders will be required for any material revision to the terms of the Plan, with the Committee's determination of "material revision" to take into account the exemptions under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange. No amendment or termination shall be adopted or effective if it would result in accelerated recognition of income or imposition of additional tax under Code section 409A or, except as otherwise provided in the amendment, would cause amounts that were not otherwise subject to Code section 409A to become subject to section 409A.
In addition to the other definitions contained herein, the following definitions shall apply:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For the purpose of this definition of "Change in Control," (I) an "Affiliate" of a person or other entity shall mean a person or other entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the person or other entity specified and (II) "Voting Stock" shall mean capital stock of any class or classes having general voting power under ordinary circumstances, in the absence of contingencies, to elect the directors of a corporation.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
