<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20030219112600.txt.gz
TIME:20030219112600
EVENTS:	Changes in registrant's certifying accountant	Financial statements and exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Changes in registrant's certifying accountant
ITEM: Financial statements and exhibits
QuickLinks
-- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document
Item 4.    Changes in Registrant's Certifying Accountant.
(a)
Previous Independent Accountants
        In light of changes in audit requirements mandated by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and recommendations regarding the rotation of audit firms from several sources, the Audit Committee of The Steak n Shake Company (the "Company") solicited proposals to audit the Company's financial statements for its 2003 fiscal year from several auditing firms, including the firm that had been the Company's auditors since 1982, Ernst & Young LLP ("E&Y"). As a result of this process, the Audit Committee decided to change the Company's independent public accountants and replaced E&Y with Deloitte & Touche LLP ("Deloitte") on February 12, 2003.
        The reports of E&Y for the past two fiscal years ended September 25, 2002 and September 26, 2001, contained no adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principles.
        E&Y's report dated December 3, 2002, makes reference to the restatement of the Company's previously issued 2001 and 2000 consolidated financial statements. As more fully described in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company as of and for the period ended September 25, 2002, during 2002, the Company changed its accounting for sale and leaseback transactions and build-to-suit leases to more fully reflect the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 98, "Accounting for Leases".
        In connection with its audits for the two most recent fiscal years ended September 25, 2002 and September 26, 2001, and through February 12, 2003, there have been no disagreements with E&Y on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of E&Y, would have caused them to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreement in connection with their report on the financial statements for such periods.
        During the two most recent fiscal years ended September 25, 2002 and September 26, 2001, and through February 12, 2003, there have been no reportable events (as defined in Regulation S-K, Item 304(a)(1)(v)).
        The Company has requested that E&Y furnish it with a letter addressed to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") stating whether or not it agrees with the above statements. A copy of such letter, dated February 18, 2003, is filed as Exhibit 16.1 to this Form 8-K.
(b)
New Independent Accountants
        The Company has engaged Deloitte as its principal independent accountants effective as of February 12, 2003, subject to completion of Deloitte's normal client acceptance procedures. During the two most recent fiscal years ended September 25, 2002 and September 26, 2001, and through February 12, 2003, the Company has not consulted with Deloitte regarding either: (i) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed; or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company's financial statements; or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement (as that terms is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related in instructions to that Item) or a reportable event (as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K).
Item 7.    Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(c)
Exhibits
16.1
Letter dated February 18, 2003 from E&Y to the Commission.
        Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
QuickLinks
Item 4. Changes in Registrant's Certifying Accountant.
Item 7. Financial Statements and Exhibits.
SIGNATURES
Exhibit Index

QuickLinks
-- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document
Exhibit 16.1
Exhibit 16.1    Letter dated February 18, 2003 from E&Y to the Commission.
February 18, 2003
Securities and Exchange Commission 450 Fifth Street, N.W. Washington, DC 20549
Gentlemen:
        We have read Item 4 of Form 8-K dated February 19, 2003, of The Steak n Shake Company and are in agreement with the statements contained in the second, third, fourth fifth and sixth paragraphs of 4 (a) on page 2. We are in agreement with the statements contained in the first paragraph of 4 (a) on page 2, however, we have no basis to agree or disagree with the reasons stated for changing audit firms in the first sentence. We have no basis to agree or disagree with the statements contained in 4 (b) on pages 2 and 3. In addition, we have no basis to agree or disagree with the other statements of the registrant contained therein.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
QuickLinks
Exhibit 16.1


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20030508174914.txt.gz
TIME:20030508174914
EVENTS:	Financial statements and exhibits	Regulation FD Disclosure
TEXT:
ITEM: Financial statements and exhibits
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549-1004 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): May 7, 2003 ----------- THE STEAK n SHAKE COMPANY ------------------------- (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Indiana 000-08445 37-0684070 - ---------------------------- ------------------------ ---------------------- (State or other jurisdiction (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer of incorporation) Identification Number) 36 S. Pennsylvania St., Suite 500 Indianapolis, Indiana 46204 - ---------------------------------------- ---------- (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (317) 633-4100 -------------- 1
ITEM 7. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS. (c) Exhibits 99.1 Press release, dated May 7, 2003, announcing second quarter fiscal 2003 results. ITEM 12. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION. On May 7, 2003, The Steak n Shake Company (the "Company") issued a Press Release announcing its results for the quarter ended March 31, 2003. A copy of the press release is filed herewith as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference. The information under this caption is intended to be furnished by the Company under Item 12 of Form 8-K but is identified in the submission header for this report as furnished under Item 9 instead of Item 12 in accordance with the interim guidance provided by the Securities and Exchange Commission in Release No. 33-8216 issued March 27, 2003. The information contained in this Item 12 or incorporated by reference herein (whether or not furnished pursuant to Item 12) shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY By: /s/ James W. Bear ------------------------------------ James W. Bear, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Dated: May 7, 2003 2
Exhibit Index Number assigned in Regulation S-K Item Description of Exhibits - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 99.1_ Press release, dated May 7, 2003. 3
[GRAPHIC OMITED] THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY LOGO THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY REPORTS ITS SECOND QUARTER FISCAL YEAR 2003 RESULTS. INDIANAPOLIS, May 8, 2003 - The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE:SNS) reports ---- revenues and earnings for the Second Quarter of fiscal year 2003 ended April 9, 2003. Highlights: Revenues increased 6.7%, to a record $150,187,367 for the sixteen week Second Quarter Diluted earnings per share increased 8.7% to $0.25 Net Earnings increased 4.6% to $6,838,672 for the Second Quarter For the twenty-eight weeks ended April 9, 2003, revenues increased 4.5%. Year to date diluted earnings per share are equal to last year at $0.38 and Net Earnings year to date were $10,240,728, a 3.7% decline from prior year. Same store sales increased 2.3%. During the Second Quarter, President and Chief Operating Officer, Peter Dunn, presented a detailed Strategic Direction for 2003. This presentation is available on-line at the Company's website www.steaknshake.com, Investor ------------------- 4 The Strategic Direction focuses on four major opportunities. Improving associate satisfaction and training. Growing guest counts. Continuously improving margins Expanding the brand. The first area centers on improving associate satisfaction by enhancing incentives and work environments and increasing training and development. Empowering associates with a localized new planning approach will encourage better managed resources through improved participation at all levels of the organization and this approach should translate into reduced turnover.. Once a stronger service foundation is established, the second area involves growing guest counts with precise service execution and measurement. Upgraded consumer marketing programs with a stronger brand focus and expanded marketing reach via new television markets and optimized print execution will bring in new guests to experience Steak n Shake. The third area is to continuously improve our margins by optimizing labor and purchasing costs. As guest counts grow, the final area continues the brand growth of Steak n Shake restaurants through Company new unit development in markets like Dallas, TX, Pittsburgh, PA, and South Florida. There are also substantial opportunities to increase the number of restaurants in current markets In addition, it is expected that the number of franchise restaurants will also grow over the next several years. 5
The initial phases of the guest count growth plan have already begun. The acceptance of credit cards at all Steak n Shake restaurants and the commencement of television advertising in Kansas City and Cleveland are two examples. The implementation of the initial phases of the Strategic Plan has resulted in a turnaround in same store sales. Despite a difficult consumer environment, decreases in overall restaurant occasions, and rough winter weather, the new direction yielded a same store sales increase of 2.3% for the second quarter. This 6.3 point trend improvement from First Quarter has brought year to date same store sales results for the twenty-eight weeks to even. While encouraged by recent results, management does not intend to offer earnings guidance going forward. On April 9, 2003, there were 413 Steak n Shake restaurants including 57 franchised, operating in nineteen states. Three new restaurants opened during the Quarter. To date, the company has purchased about 3,400,000 shares as authorized by its 4,000,000 Share Stock Repurchase program. Steak n Shake is a full service, casual dining restaurant serving a core menu of its famous Steakburgers, thin 'n crispy French Fries and old fashioned hand-dipped Milk Shakes. Menu variety includes sandwiches, such as the Turkey 6
Melt and the Grilled Chicken Breast, as well as Chili, home style soups, fresh salads, a variety of desserts and breakfast. All of the food is prepared to the customer's order and served by friendly, well-trained associates. Steak n Shake restaurants feature full-service dining areas, counter service and drive-thru windows. Restaurants are open 24 hours a day, seven days a week. This press release contains various "forward looking statements" which represent the company's expectations or beliefs concerning future events. Investors are cautioned that reliance on "forward looking statements" involves risks and uncertainties, and although the Company believes that the assumptions on which the "forward looking statements" contained herein are based, are reasonable, any of these assumptions could prove to be inaccurate and, as a result, the "forward looking statements" based upon those assumptions also could be incorrect. Investors are referred to the full discussion of risk and uncertainties associated with "forward looking statements" contained in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Contact: Victor F. Yeandel Vic.yeandel@steaknshake.com --------------------------- www.steaknshake.com ------------------- (317) 633-4100 7
8
9


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20030731184859.txt.gz
TIME:20030731184859
EVENTS:	Changes in control of registrant
TEXT:
ITEM: Changes in control of registrant
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549-1004 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): July 29, 2003 THE STEAK n SHAKE COMPANY ------------------------- (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Indiana 000-08445 37-0684070 ------- --------- ---------- (State or other (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer jurisdiction of Identification Number) incorporation) 36 S. Pennsylvania St., Suite 500 Indianapolis, Indiana 46204 - --------------------------------- --------- (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (317) 633-4100
ITEM 7. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS. (c) Exhibits Press Release, dated July 29, 2003, announcing third quarter fiscal 2003 results. Press Release, Dated July 31, 2003, announcing the retirement of James W. Bear, Chief Financial Officer ITEM 12. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION. On July 29, 2003, The Steak n Shake Company (the "Registrant") issued a Press Release announcing its third quarter fiscal 2003 results. The information in the Press Release attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 is furnished pursuant to Item 12. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY By: /s/ James W. Bear ------------------------ James W. Bear, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Dated: July 31, 2003
Exhibit Index Number assigned in Regulation S-K Item Description of Exhibits - ------------------- ----------------------- (__) 99.1 Press Release, dated July 29, 2003, announcing third quarter fiscal 2003 results (__) 99.2 Press Release, dated July 31, 2003, announcing the retirement of James W. Bear, Chief Financial Officer
Exhibit 99.1 THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY REPORTS SAME STORE SALES INCREASED 8% AND EPS INCREASED 13% FOR ITS THIRD QUARTER. INDIANAPOLIS, July 30, 2003 - The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE:SNS) reported today its revenues and earnings for Third Quarter Fiscal - 2003 which ended July 2, 2003. Highlights of the Quarter include: Revenues increased 11.7% to a record $121,681,429 for the twelve week quarter ended July 2, 2003. Fiscal year to date, revenues have increased 6.7% to $374,386,495. Diluted earnings per share increased 13.0% to $.26 for the quarter. For the year, diluted earnings per share have increased 4.9% to $.64. Net Earnings increased 8.9% to a record $7,089,366 for the Third Quarter and fiscal year to date Net Earnings have increased 1.1% to $17,330,094. System wide sales increased 11.4% to a record $143,933,061 in the Quarter and system wide sales year to date have increased 6.0% to $442,553,765. Same store sales increased 8.0% for the Third Quarter and have increased 2.4% fiscal year to date. The same store sales gain experienced in the Third Quarter is a result of the execution of many of the elements of the Strategic Direction presented in February of 2003. The Strategic Direction for 2003 focuses on four main opportunities: Improving associate satisfaction and training Growing guest counts Continuously improving margins Expanding the brand Progress has been made in improving associate satisfaction through increased training, development and associate involvement in the planning process, which has begun to reduce turnover. Guest counts have grown with optimized marketing programs via consumer research and by improving service execution as evidenced by external guest satisfaction measurements. In the Quarter, the introduction of The Three New Milk Shakes has both increased trial and improved check average. This promotional activity was supported by television, in-store support, and increased print coupon distribution verses the prior year. Television continues to be a key guest count driver in both existing markets and new markets. New television markets (DMA's) for the quarter are Lexington, KY, Jacksonville, FL, Mobile-Pensacola and Zanesville, OH. In addition, credit card acceptance continues to be a sales growth catalyst. All of these factors contributed to the significant sales growth. Store labor and food cost percents improved versus prior year. The increased sales also yielded increased field bonuses for the quarter. The successful credit card introduction also resulted in some incremental expense. Due to market conditions, increases in most kinds of insurance were experienced. To fuel both current and future growth, incremental investments were made in marketing, consumer research, mystery shopping, training and new market development. After these expenses and investments, Net Earnings experienced solid growth. The Company will continue to take actions to improve both long-term sales, margins and profits. Steak n Shake continues to expand its brand by developing in both new and existing markets. In the Third Quarter, two new restaurants opened, one in the Dallas, TX DMA and the other in the Indianapolis, IN DMA. In addition, new franchisee recruitment continues to be a priority. At the end of the Quarter, there were 414 Steak n Shake restaurants, of which 56 are franchised, operating in 19 states. It is expected that the Company will open 13 new restaurants and the franchisees will open two during this Fiscal Year. This does not include the four Company restaurants that were razed and completely rebuilt at their current locations. To date, the Company has purchased about 3,400,000 shares as authorized by its 4,000,000 Share Stock Repurchase program. No additional shares were purchased in the Third Quarter. Steak n Shake is a full service, casual dining restaurant serving a core menu of its famous Steakburgers, thin 'n crispy French Fries and old fashioned hand-dipped Milk Shakes. Menu variety includes sandwiches, such as the Turkey Melt and the Grilled Chicken Breast, as well as Chili, home style soups, fresh salads, a variety of desserts and breakfast. All of the food is prepared to the customer's order and served by friendly, well-trained employees. Steak n Shake restaurants feature full-service dining areas, counter service and drive-thru windows. Restaurants are open 24 hours a day, seven days a week. This press release contains various "forward looking statements" which represent the company's expectations or beliefs concerning future events. Investors are cautioned that reliance on "forward looking statements" involves risks and uncertainties, and although the Company believes that the assumptions on which the "forward looking statements" contained herein are based, are reasonable, any of these assumptions could prove to be inaccurate and, as a result, the "forward looking statements" based upon those assumptions also could be incorrect. Investors are referred to the full discussion of risk and uncertainties associated with "forward looking statements" contained in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Contact: Victor F. Yeandel Vic.yeandel@steaknshake.com --------------------------- www.steaknshake.com ------------------- (317) 633-4100 Exhibit 99.2 THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY ANNOUNCES THE RETIREMENT OF JAMES W. BEAR, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER INDIANAPOLIS, July 31, 2003 - The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE:SNS) announced the retirement of James W. Bear, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. After more than 25 years of dedicated service to the Company, Jim Bear will retire at the end of calendar year 2003. Jim will continue to lead the accounting and finance functions for the next five months, including the reporting of the First Fiscal Quarter of 2004. As he prepares for his retirement, the Company will initiate a comprehensive search for a new Chief Financial Officer. Alan Gilman, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Steak n Shake Company said today "We want to thank and acknowledge Jim for his more than 25 years of devoted service to the Company. Jim has played an important role over these years in many aspects of our growth and success. We wish Jim and his family the very best in his future endeavors." Peter Dunn, the Company's President and Chief Operating Officer added, "Jim has been instrumental in building The Steak n Shake Company from 100 stores to over 400 stores. His contributions are deeply appreciated and his presence will be missed." Steak n Shake is a full service, casual dining restaurant serving a core menu of its famous Steakburgers, thin 'n crispy French Fries and old fashioned hand-dipped Milk Shakes. Menu variety includes sandwiches, such as the Turkey Melt and the Grilled Chicken Breast, as well as Chili, home style soups, fresh salads, a variety of desserts and breakfast. All of the food is prepared to the customer's order and served by friendly, well-trained employees. Steak n Shake restaurants feature full-service dining areas, counter service and drive-thru windows. Restaurants are open 24 hours a day, seven days a week. This press release contains various "forward looking statements" which represent the company's expectations or beliefs concerning future events. Investors are cautioned that reliance on "forward looking statements" involves risks and uncertainties, and although the Company believes that the assumptions on which the "forward looking statements" contained herein are based, are reasonable, any of these assumptions could prove to be inaccurate and, as a result, the "forward looking statements" based upon those assumptions also could be incorrect. Investors are referred to the full discussion of risk and uncertainties associated with "forward looking statements" contained in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Contact: Victor F. Yeandel Vic.yeandel@steaknshake.com www.steaknshake.com (317)633-4100


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20030806162843.txt.gz
TIME:20030806162843
EVENTS:	Changes in control of registrant
TEXT:
ITEM: Changes in control of registrant
13 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549-1004 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): July 30, 2003 ------------- THE STEAK n SHAKE COMPANY ------------------------- (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Indiana 000-08445 37-0684070 - ------- --------- ---------- (State or other jurisdiction (IRS Employer Identification of incorporation) (Commission File Number) Number) 36 S. Pennsylvania St., Suite 500 Indianapolis, Indiana 46204 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (317) 633-4100
ITEM ITEM 7. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS. (c) Exhibits Transcript of Conference Call, dated July 30, 2003, announcing third Quarter fiscal 2003. ITEM 12. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION. On July 30, 2003, The Steak n Shake Company (the "Registrant") held a Conference Call announcing its third quarter fiscal 2003 results. The information in the transcript of the Conference Call attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 is furnished pursuant to Item 12. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY By: /s/ James W. Bear ------------------- James W. Bear, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Dated: August 5, 2003
Exhibit Index Number assigned in Regulation S-K Item Description of Exhibits - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- (__) 99.1 Conference Call, dated July 30, 2003, announcing second quarter fiscal 2003 results STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY CALLSTREET EVENT PAGE http://www.callstreet.com/call_schedule.asp?eventid=10210 The CallStreet event page contains CallStreet Transcripts, CallStreet Reports and supplemental information including a link to the company's press release associated with this call. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Steak n Shake Company's Third Quarter Fiscal 2003 Earnings Conference Call. Introduction. Roll Call. Ladies and gentlemen at this time I would like to introduce your host Victor Yeandel, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir you may begin. Victor Yeandel: Good morning everyone and welcome to the Steak n Shake Company's Third Quarter Fiscal 2003 Earnings Call. Safe Harbor Statement I would like to begin the call, this morning by introducing our President Peter Dunn, who will begin the remarks. Peter. Peter Dunn: Good morning. It is my pleasure to report our results today. Our same store sales increased in the third quarter by approximately 8 percent and our EPS was up approximately 13 percent. Our friend Vic Yeandel will take you through a number of marketing drivers of that and then Jim Bear will take us through the details of that in a few minutes. We are continuing as a company to focus on the strategic path that we've highlighted so far which is really driven by the basic premise of our quality service value profit chain, which is the idea that if we work on taking excellent care of our associates, who will then take excellent of our guests, who will together having done both of those things, it is possible to maximize both our margins and our return on assets. When all of those things are clicking then it's possible to increase our expansion rate and those continue to be the four key drivers of the business and we continue to focus on those. So in this period of staying true to those, we are continuing to make progress in each area. Associate satisfaction, we've been making progress in. Last year management turnover was approximately 40 percent. This year our management turnover is about 31 percent. But actually our accrued turnover was something over 200 percent. This year-to-date, we've made about 5 percent progress in that number although this number is still moving around a little bit. In the area of guest satisfaction, we have made significant improvement, we've begun quarterly mystery shops, which have contributed, we think, to increase focus on serving our guests well. We have noticed about a several point improvement in our total scores and very importantly our table service scores, which we now had a high correlation with guest satisfaction. We've also improved our speed of service by approximately 6 percent and are measuring on that on a regular basis. We are also initiating additional consumer research which will be completed in the coming quarter to get a much greater number of guest satisfaction survey results in our system for every store and we believe that will enhance our ability to take care of our guest in the future. Over time we've also invested in trying to understand our guest needs better and one of the places where that has led us is to focus on product innovation as a way to anticipate their need for great shakes at Steak n Shake as well as other items and we are pleased to say that innovation is paying off handsomely, our shake sales were up by approximately 30 percent in the latest period in support of our - as a result of our three new shakes. And guest counts for the last quarter were up about 5.5 points. So we believe that we are taking better care of our guests and that that's now paid dividends for us going forward. We also working on improving a number of our core processes in the company and where we are looking at a process improvement in a systematic way. As a result of that, as well as a result of the stronger volumes, store labor improved as a percentage of sale on an operating basis. Food cost improved as a percentage of sales. We made a number of investments to continue the momentum built with our guests as well as with our associates as well as with our margins. We have expanded the number of markets that are on TV modestly in the last several months. We are continuing to do consumer research on new product ideas and positioning in making investments in that arena. We have invested significantly in the last quarter in training for associates, around process improvement, and store planning. We had invested in the last several months on deeper leadership in our expansion markets relative to leadership. And as part of all those investments, we believe that we have delivered solid earnings improvement and are also building for our long-term success. In the area managing our margins and maximizing our return on assets, we are also reviewing all of our assets to make sure that they are delivering the kinds of returns that our shareholders expect and try to be very disciplined about that. We have - are in the middle of reviewing each of our stores to make sure that every store is on a track to deliver shareholder value. It is possible that somewhere between a half-dozen and a dozen stores could be closed at some point in the future. We have not made that decision yet, but we are in the process of reviewing them. In the event that some stores are closed it could involve a book loss, but a decision made in that arena would actually maximize/increase our cash flow, provide higher return on our assets and improve earnings going forward. So we believe that any decision in that arena would be very much in the interest of our shareholders. And it could actually help with additional momentum going forward on a number of dimensions. We are continuing with store expansion with about 13 stores are expected from this year, a modest increase in the number of stores expected to open next year, and as we continue to improve the fundamentals of the business, we will be considering more aggressive expansion in future years, but that's one step at a time. Overall, I would say that we are pleased with the progress that we have made but we also believe that there is more progress to be made and we are looking forward moving in that direction. So, with that I would like to turn it over to Mr. Yeandel. Victor Yeandel: Thanks Peter. The 8 percent increase in same-store sales in the third quarter is net of discounts and represents a 12-point turn around from our first quarter. This growth is a result of many initiatives. Peter discussed the three main ones, and I'm going to focus on the fourth one -- the consumer marketing initiatives. Credit cards continued to be a growth catalyst with credit representing about one-fifth of sales. This credit card acceptance has definitely helped Steak n Shake grow over the quarter. In our print program optimizing zip code delivery around our stores and a systemwide co-op purchase has continued to help our coupon redemption and has incentivized trial from new guests. On the last call I talked to you about that the new television markets of Kansas City and Cleveland. They are continuing to yield strong results, this initiative has helped 22 stores grow both sales and guest counts. The continuation of cable TV as a driver is key for us as Cable TV media wise in Indianapolis and St. Louis has helped reach a fragmented TV viewer in those core markets representing 82 restaurants. New TV markets for the quarter include Mobile-Pensacola; Lexington, Kentucky; Jacksonville, Florida; and Zanesville, Ohio. This represents an additional 14 restaurants that are growing due to the delivery of the unique Steak n Shake television advertising message. All of these tactics were very focused around the introduction of the three new milkshakes: Banana, Peach and the Coffee Mocha milkshake were introduced by TV, print and the in-store activity, and certainly we believe the integration of all these communications for the consumer help propel up our sales and guest counts. In addition, a promotional offer of $1.99 shake with a sandwich platter, which also helped drive trial. All of these elements were thoroughly tested and validated by consumer research. Based on this we were able to predict the velocity of the program and we were operationally ready to make milkshakes during the hot summer months. The combination of powerful new products that have been validated by the consumer, a strong promotional offer, optimized print programs, new television markets and credit cards have provided strong communication platform and momentum that we expect to continue. The efforts to continually improve our marketing programs will hopefully yield similar results in this and the upcoming quarters. Thanks. With that I would like to turn it over to Jim Bear to discuss some of the financial results. Jim? James Bear: Good morning. I will take you through some of the details supporting the line items in our release. The elements of our 8 percent same-store sales gain, consisted of an increase in customer counts of 5.9 percent while the check average was up 2.1 percent. And that's on a menu price increase during the quarter of 1.1 percent on a weighted average. The cost of sales was down slightly, 2/10ths of a percent, and that's primarily due to lower beef and dairy prices this year versus last year and the effect of the menu price increase I mentioned previously. Restaurant operating cost actually increased 8/10ths as a percent of sales and the primary drivers in that relates to the credit card processing fees related to the acceptance of credit. Increase in our field incentive bonus that is sales-based and with the increase in sales, that particular bonus is higher this year than a year ago. And we also experienced increases in most lines of our insurance due to market conditions, as many of you I am sure have read about it or are experiencing yourselves. As Peter mentioned, offsetting some of these increases were the improvement in our store labor percentage. Our G&A increase relates to the incremental investments that Peter mentioned, in consumer research, mystery shopping, training and new market development. Depreciation increased primarily due to the capital additions that we had had over the last year, and Vic addressed marketing. And during that quarter our effective tax rate was slightly less than a year ago, it was 35.9 versus 36.2 percent. And the decrease is related to state income tax benefits that we had this year that we did not have a year ago. During the quarter, we opened up three new company of Steak n Shakes, two of which were located in the Dallas market, bringing the number in the Dallas market to nine. And we opened up one in the Indianapolis market. We have two company operated units planned to open in the fourth quarter, which will bring the total to 13 for the year. One franchise unit opened year-to-date, another one planned to open in the fourth quarter. At the end of the third quarter, we had 414 Steak n Shake restaurants opened of which 56 were franchise. Operator, at this time we would be happy to answer any questions. QUESTION AND ANSWER SECTION Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Jack Russo of AG Edwards. Your question please.
: Hi guys, congrats on the comps, great numbers.
: Thanks Jack.
: Hey, just couple things you know, Vic, on the new product success that you had, you know, just your big picture thoughts on where you guys might take this going forward, and this is the first time with the Shakes, I can remember you really rolled out new products like this and advertising effectively, and I'm just curious where might you go from here and Peter, if you want to comment on that too. And secondly just on credit cards, you know, as I look into '04, I mean certainly you are going to face some tough comparisons with the new products, about the credit card. Do you feel, Peter, more pressure perhaps as you get into '04, and going up against some tough comps from this year to push credit cards a little harder to help the numbers or to do more on new product success to kind of help '04 be less than the number this year, because again the comparisons are real tough as we look out?
: Well, let me try that one, Jack. Certainly we think that new products, especially in something that's on our side, is ripe and available for us to take advantage of, and offer our guests more new shake flavors. We are very cautious not to expand our venue beyond operational limitation. So any time we look at bringing something to the restaurant, certainly we want to consider taking something out to keep the operations precise. But, we think that there is a lot of new shake flavors out there and the consumer response and learnings that we have gotten from the Peach and Banana and Coffee Mocha, I think really encouraged us to continue the consumer research to learn more about our guest requirements in this area. I think Peter is going to address some of the comparable comments, but just one add to that is that, we think that - we think that there is a lot of positive momentum that credit cards have caused for us and we think that, that momentum will continue, that that's a customer that maybe we weren't addressing in the past and we think that, you know, credit gives people a reason to come back more often in bigger groups and also with larger checks. So we think that there is a variety of advantages to the credit card acceptance.
: Do you think that could become 30 percent of the sale mix, Vic, over time?
: We have seen those kinds of percentages in markets like Dallas and some of our new markets, so yes, that's very possible.
: If I could just take a crack at it Jack. I think, in general - and this is actually a pretty good size consumer business. We have come to make 90 million guests per year. And our intent is to really investigate and research what guests need and want in the way of improved and optimized menu ideas. And I think if you look at a number of restaurants, restaurant chains, who have brought innovation consistently to their businesses, it's been a fairly steady source of growth and trial and retrial and increased satisfaction. So, I come from a background of product innovation and believe that that's part of our mission is to make our guests happy with the food that we serve. So you know, I think you can expect us to investigate not just Shakes but you know, broader items in the menu. I will reinforce Vic's point that while that is true, we are also absolutely committed to executional excellence. So we will not fall into any traps with our menu expansion in a way that's operationally causing us issues. So we will be very disciplined and focused about it, but there is still a lot of room to play, and this was sort of the first shot out of the barrel. The other -- when we walked about the comps for next year, yes I mean, I think I understand that you know, when you get comps up to 8 percent, those are some pretty big numbers. The way I am thinking about the business more strategically is that we have a couple of missions, one of which is to bring guests in and our advertising is proven to be very effective at that. We have a number of opportunities to expand that which we think will be helpful. The second item though, I think, this has been like a tub with a hole in the bottom. If we treat our guests better, which is by making them wait less, which we are doing and treating them with greater satisfaction at the table. We are a service business. We are a full service restaurant. We seek significant opportunities in that arena and my hope is that as we continue to what I'll call narrow that hole at the bottom of the bucket and continue to pull guests in with, you know, innovation and good advertising, that we really could see some continuous improvement in our sales numbers. I don't want to, you know, predict that. These are tough numbers; it's too early to tell, but I am clear that we see a number of opportunities that continue to take better care of our guests. Operator: Our next question comes from Amy Greene of Avondale Partners, your question please.
: Hi guys. Couple of questions for you. Vic, could you let us know the total number of units that you now have in TV or a percentage of the unit?
: Right now we are at 78 percent of our total units and we expect that number to continue to grow. That's been one of our main areas of focus. And as I mentioned in my remarks, one of the ways that we are going to achieve additional stores on television is through the strategic use of cable television to target areas where we may not have the critical penetration in the DMA to afford broadcast television. Cable television has become affordable enough in many instances where we could do a cable buy to get those stores on TV faster. So, we expect that number to continue to grow every quarter and that's one of our fundamental challenge. And the reason for that is that we have demonstrated through the results that we've reported to you in markets like Kansas City and Cleveland, that television really ties it all together and really helps these stores grow.
: Okay. And then regarding the TV ad, I know that at one point you were running and I think Peter talked about kind of narrowing the message and he said that during a period you just focusing on a single one or two messages during the time. Is that something you are still working on or do you feel confident with the mix that you have now?
: You know, the marketing is something that needs to be continually optimized. So, I wouldn't say we are ever comfortable with it. Having said that, the milk shake promotional period that started in third quarter was narrowly focused on the milk shake message. So, we did shorten our rotation across all of our markets, so that we could get the news out about our three new great shakes. It seems that is evidenced by the comps that it did seem to work and we expect that to continue.
: I will also say that we have already even outside of the Shake window, have already narrowed our mix of advertising messages and where I am more comfortable with. And we've also are developing a different mix for new markets who need the basic concept to explain versus established markets where you're really trying to drive frequency, and therefore, are trying to focus more on news that will bring people in and back. So we are continuing to fine tune the mix and think through the opportunities going forward to fine tune that even further.
: Okay. Next, were you - the potential closing of stores from 6 to 12 units will those - will you then use that as an opportunity in a sense move that store to a better location within the DMA or will there be a net loss of stores?
: In some cases those are closed and we are basically finding a location nearby that's better. And in some cases it's facing the fact that - that particularly you know, store was not working out well, and we are continuing to add new stores, so you know, in a sense we are trading up and out. The broad premise we are continuing to work on is that - is that every DMA we are in, that we are going to stay in, we will build enough stores to get on TV. So it is - can really enjoy the ongoing benefits and vitality that comes in that kind of support.
: Okay. Now regarding the franchise growth, I know that you had mentioned that a little bit in your press release. Have you seen an Increase of ventures - I have seen the ads in the back of trade magazines and everything to recruit franchisees. Do you have some in the pipeline, so that you can have them working on real estate to kind of ramp up that avenue of openings for next year?
: Yes, we do you know, until they actually execute a franchise agreement, you know, we are little hesitant to make an announcement. But the conversations with a variety of groups, are going to continue.
: Can you, without, I mean - without getting uncomfortable with it, can you give us some kind of maybe two, one to three year time horizon what a growth in franchise side, what you would like to see?
: You know, that it is very difficult Amy, just because those growth elements are really outside of our control in terms of you know, what exactly happens. One thing I will say is that, you know, it is a priority for us to attract new franchisees and we will continue to work on that and in the future I think we will have some positive announcements to make.
: And lastly, I don't mean to harp on the franchise thing, but have you all have made any modifications or change your franchise plan to try to attract new ones or is that the same one that has existed for the 56 that you currently have? As far as royalty rates and things like that?
: Right now, it's the existing agreement, but as with everything in our company, it is undergoing a very rigorous review, a process analysis and really looking at ways that we can optimize that part of the business so, people are working hard on that, but currently it's the existing agreement.
: And I just checked down and I think the from a personal focus that has not been the reviewing the franchise agreement is not in the main priority, but we - I would say over the next 12 months we do expect to be able to spend a significant amount of energy clarifying our franchise expansion strategy and as part of that we expect to review our contract and see if there are opportunities to make it even more win-win for our us and our partners.
: Great. Thanks guys. Operator: Our next question is from Barry Stouffer of BB&T Capital Markets. Your question please.
: Good morning. Jim, I wondering if you could comment on what's happened with wage rates?
: They are about the same as they were a year ago. They are very stable.
: And with respect to comps, could you talk about geographic differences across the system how wide spread strong same-stores sales numbers were?
: Yeah, Barry, I will try that one, is that significant increases we are seeing in all markets. The markets that jump up a little bit, are of course the new television markets that I described, Kansas City, Cleveland; Mobile, Chicago, Nashville, Ohio has had some a big increases overall. But it's not as if - that those increases follow a geographic pattern. I think we have demonstrated that every region is capable of additional guests and additional sales.
: So it has been pretty much across the board. There's been obviously a bell curve of some kind - but there's almost nothing that's not growing at this moment.
: How about St. Louis and Indianapolis? How close they have been to that overall 8 percent number?
: St. Louis is lagging slightly behind Indianapolis. Indianapolis is been a just incredible. In light of some new stores, for example our new store in Greenville, Greenfield, Indiana you know opened recently and all the stores around it continue to grow and so, Indianapolis has led St. Louis but both markets have grown.
: So, I would say the only place that has not been quite as vital has been Florida, and that's really due to the broader tourism slump. But, I would say even that market in the last month or so has really started to regain some momentum and I think that 's again, because that Florida in general is picking up.
: Okay, could you comment at all about trends within the quarter and what you are seeing so far in the fourth quarter?
: I think at this point, we prefer not to get into the next quarter. And I would just generally say that we are optimistic.
: And then can you comment on what percent of sales Milk Shakes represent?
: Historically, Milk Shakes were around 15 percent of our business, but they've grown considerably, in period ten, we say most in excess of a 30 percent growth of Milk Shakes because everybody was coming in to try the new ones.
: Okay. Thank you very much. Operator: Our next question comes from Dennis Skanill of Rutabaga Capital. Your question please.
: Yes, good morning. I just wanted a little bit more maybe color on the coming near-term and longer-term store expansion programs. We talked about opening 13 in this fiscal year, modest next year, and then kind of more aggressive as the fundamentals warranted. By that - are we saying that kind of though 2004 is really, you know, time to let the advertising roll out and maybe look at some of these under performing stores and then reevaluate the growth strategy from there? And then as we look to growing again in terms of store counts at least, what sort of growth rate do you think is reasonable?
: Let me do take a crack of that. I think the thing that we are committed to is sort of operating with excellence, because that really insures long-term success. This is the concept with, you know, great vitality and a lot of potential and one of the few ways you can mess this up is going too fast. So, we are going to make sure that we execute with excellence. With that having been said, we also believe that there is a tremendous amount expansion potential and we want to get that that as soon as we've got the root cause issues associated with managing expansion addressed. I would say that the store review we talked about relative to the possibilities of looking at some other assets is not really a factor in affecting our future growth strategy. That's just more a question of, you know, looking backwards and just making sure that every asset that we have, representing our shareholders as well is providing the returns that we expect to have, and make sure we make the decision that do maximize the return on our assets and cash flow. In terms of expansion strategy, our limits to grow are really built around our leadership, and with you know, it requires our concept of 24 hours full-service, a concept that's based on excellent service, which requires excellent store leadership and distribution leadership and division leadership. And so, you know one of the things that I have talked about before was making some investments in training and associate development, and that really is our critical path towards being able to expand. And so, I would expect that - my hope is, that within one to two years, we can strengthen our capability to generate consistently high quality leadership leaders from within the company and maybe even from outside the company, in a way that would dramatically increase our ability to expand. At this point, I mean,you can use your own imagination about those number might be. I think we would next year, I think we are looking at a 15 to 19 range and the hope is that we would be able to increase our market by some significant number every year after that. Those are our confidence in our ability to help effective leader growth.
: In that 15 to 19 would be your gross number and might pick out the 6 to 12 as we had talked about?
: That's correct, it will obviously would be -- the older ones would have much smaller sales numbers associated with them than the new ones, but directionally that's correct.
: That's great, that will help. And then, just in terms of the stores that you identified as not kind of meeting some return hurdles, is there any systematic finding about those sorts of stores in terms of locations, geographic areas, DMAs, anything that you can point on and say, yeah, you know, Steak n Shake really doesn't belong in X kind of community?
: I would say, that there is broader, couple of broad changes associated with that. One would be in small remote markets, where we have not been able to bring the kind of attention to excellence in execution and then secondly, frankly it's just store operation that, you know, most of the places that -- almost all the issues we are looking at are places where there is some, you know, in retrospect the market moved away from us for example. We had several cases where we bought real estate with, you know, with we thought were fairly firm promises that, you know, major big boxes were going to relocate behind them. But then there ended up being issues and we ended up moving 5 miles away. And so we were in the middle of nowhere. It is those kinds of issues that it is mostly frankly just, you know, market movement issues and so it's mostly marketing -- its mostly, literally bad store location issues. And secondly, it was probably a slighter theme around remote locations. Which by the way, we are also developing some themes around and in fact we have been very successful with franchising our middle markets. So, that maybe a way to tackle those markets effectively going forward. And I guess the only other thing would be a lack of television. That is another concern. Remote markets, lack of television and bad location, you put those three together and, you know, it's kind of hard to make things work.
: Yeah got you, that's great. That's very helpful. Thank you. Operator: Our next question is from Yolanda Dean, private investor. Your question please.
: I ask this question both as a shareholder and as a consumer going to Stake n Shake as often as I can. Do you have any plans to market some of your other items that are not the core items of Steakburgers and shakes on televisions. I know you have got one real winner, everybody I have ever talked to that's had your three-way chili is crazy about it. Is this a type of product that you might in the future promote?
: If I can just take one quick shot at it. I think Vic wants to chip in as well. But, I think the intent is that we have - we think a number of product optimization opportunities, chicken and some of our salads are the places that where we can bring news and even higher quality to what we think is already an excellent menu. But, we think there are a number of opportunities to improve our non-core items, it is one of our growth strategy areas in fixing it.
: I think that really covers it, Peter.
: Did I answer your question?
: Yes, indeed.
: Thank you. Operator: Our next question is from Jack Russo of AG Edwards. Your question please.
: Jim, can you just comment on the beef cost situation and we are getting a lot from several restaurant companies, I guess due to the Canadian ban. The beef costs have really skyrocketed here in the last month; couple of things a) are you seeing that? b) can you lock in or have you locked in for the next 12 months? And you'd see what impact that higher beef cost can have in your second half, I mean, in the fourth quarter and first part of next year?
: Currently, Jack, we are locked in at a price below a year ago through the end of August. And we are currently evaluating what we should do after that contracts expires.
: If you lock it again will you be subject to this kind of current market rates for a while or how does that work?
: Well, through the end of August we are locked in and what we can do is dependent upon current price for contracts out beyond the August period and dependent upon the timeframe of that contract, we'll take the price that we'll settle in on during that timeframe. And we'll have to look at what the prospects are for beef prices remaining high versus coming back down and so on, but we will make a decision, we'll partner with our supplier and get the read on that as well and then make a judgment as to what strategy we ought to pursue is.
: Are you seeing what everybody else is seeing kind of beef costs in the next 6 months up 8 to 10 to 12 percent type range?
: That 's what we are hearing. But, if you recall, there has been a lot of speculation on that over the past 2 years and it's not come to fruition. So, we are worried about that and we are looking at our options to minimize that effect currently.
: Thanks a lot. Operator: Our next question is from Amy Greene of Avondale Partners. Your question please.
: One quick follow-up guys and I wanted to make sure, I had heard you correctly. We are not going to try and quantify how fourth quarter is going or what we are looking for the remainder of this year or going into '04?
: That 's correct.
: Okay. Victor Yeandel: One last point, not related to that last question, but I did want to make on the call to everyone is just to acknowledge the passing of our Co-Chairman Ed Kelley. Mr. Kelley passed away on July 4th, and he is missed by all us and we are going to continue in the traditions that he established. There will be a memorial service on September 11, and I just wanted to mention that to the people that may want to attend. Operator: And at this time I am showing no further questions. Victor Yeandel: Okay. I just want to thank everyone for the participation in the Steak n Shake Company's fiscal year 2003 third quarter earnings call. So I think the most questions we've ever had and the biggest participation and certainly we hope to continue the positive results and we thank you all for your participation.
DISCLAIMER The information herein is based on sources we believe to be reliable but is not guaranteed by us and does not purport to be a complete or error-free statement or summary of the available data. As such, we do not warrant, endorse or guarantee the completeness, accuracy, integrity, or timeliness of the information. You must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any information provided hereunder, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, safety or usefulness of such information. This information is not intended to be used as the primary basis of investment decisions. It should not be construed as advice designed to meet the particular investment needs of any investor. This report is published solely for information purposes, and is not to be construed as financial or other advice or as an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any state where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. Any information expressed herein on this date is subject to change without notice. Any opinions or assertions contained in this information do not represent the opinions or beliefs of CallStreet, LLC. CallStreet, LLC, or one or more of its employees, including the writer of this report, may have a position in any of the securities discussed herein. THE INFORMATION PROVIDED TO YOU HEREUNDER IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, CallStreet, LLC AND ITS LICENSORS, BUSINESS ASSOCIATES AND SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE SAME, EXPRESS, IMPLIED AND STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT, PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER CALLSTREET, LLC NOR ITS OFFICERS MEMBERS, DIRECTORS, PARTNERS, AFFILIATES, BUSINESS ASSOCIATES, LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES, GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, SECURITY BREACHES, VIRUSES, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES OR COMMERCIAL DAMAGES, EVEN IF ANY OF SUCH PARTIES IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSSES, ARISING UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE INFORMATION PROVIDED HEREIN OR ANY OTHER SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF. The contents and appearance of this report are Copyrighted CallStreet, LLC 2003 CallStreet and CallStreet, LLC are trademarks and service marks of CallStreet, LLC. All other trademarks mentioned are trademarks of their respective companies. All rights reserved.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20030818180626.txt.gz
TIME:20030818180626
EVENTS:	Changes in control of registrant
TEXT:
ITEM: Changes in control of registrant
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549-1004 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): August 18, 2003 THE STEAK n SHAKE COMPANY ------------------------- (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Indiana 000-08445 37-0684070 ------- --------- ---------- (State or other jurisdiction (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer of incorporation) Identification Number) 36 S. Pennsylvania St., Suite 500 Indianapolis, Indiana 46204 - ---------------------- ---------- (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (317) 633-4100
ITEM 5. OTHER EVENTS AND REGULATION FD DISCLOSURE. Press Release, Dated August 18, 2003, announcing changes to the Board of Directors. ITEM 7. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS. The press release referred to in Item 5 is attached hereto as Exhibit 99. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY By: /s/ Jim W. Bear ------------------ James W. Bear, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Dated: August 18, 2003
Exhibit Index Number assigned in Regulation S-K Item Description of Exhibit - ---- ------------------------ 99 Press Release, dated August 18, 2003, announcing changes to the Board of Directors.
Exhibit 99 THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY ANNOUNCES CHANGES INDIANAPOLIS, August 18, 2003 - The Board of Directors of The Steak n Shake Company announced changes to the Board membership. Alan B. Gilman, formerly Co-Chairman of the Board, was elected as Chairman of the Board. E.W. "Ed" Kelley, served as the other Co-Chairman until his death on July 4, 2003. Alan Gilman will continue as Chief Executive Officer of The Company. Wayne L. Kelley was elected as a Director of the Board effective today. Mr. Kelley currently serves as President of Kelley Restaurants, the largest franchise group of Steak n Shake restaurants in Atlanta and Charlotte. Prior to his involvement with the Steak n Shake franchise, Mr. Kelley was president of Fairmont Products and worked both as an attorney and as an executive in various industries. The Board of Directors also announced that Mary E. Ham, Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel is resigning from her position as General Counsel immediately. She will remain with the Company as Vice President and Corporate Secretary. David Milne will replace Ms. Ham as General Counsel. Mr. Milne has served as Corporate Counsel for the last several years. "Wayne Kelley's appointment to the Board will enhance the Board's operational insight" noted Mr. Gilman. "Wayne's election will continue a Kelley presence on the Board." Mr. Gilman also commented on the retirement of Ms. Ham. "Mary's contributions to The Company in her role as General Counsel are numerous. She has played an important advisory role on most major issues and decisions. We will miss her guidance in that capacity and are grateful for her continued involvement in the Corporate Secretarial role. One of her many legacies here at Steak n Shake is that she prepared her successor, Dave Milne, who will carry on the guidance of the legal function of The Company." Steak n Shake currently has system wide sales of approximately $600 million from over 400 restaurants in 19 states. Steak n Shake is a full service, casual dining restaurant serving a core menu of their famous Steakburgers, thin 'n crispy French Fries and old fashioned hand-dipped Milk Shakes. Menu variety includes sandwiches, such as the Turkey Melt and the Grilled Chicken Breast, as well as Chili, home style soups, fresh salads, a variety of desserts and breakfast. All of the food is prepared to the customer's order and served by friendly, well-trained employees. Steak n Shake restaurants feature full-service dining areas, counter service and drive-thru windows. Restaurants are open 24 hours a day, seven days a week. The Steak n Shake Company is publicly traded company on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol SNS. For information please visit the website at www.steaknshake.com. Contact: Victor F. Yeandel Vic.yeandel@steaknshake.com www.steaknshake.com (317) 633-4100


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20031112171453.txt.gz
TIME:20031112171453
EVENTS:	Changes in control of registrant
TEXT:
ITEM: Changes in control of registrant
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549-1004 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): November 12, 2003 ----------------- THE STEAK n SHAKE COMPANY ------------------------- (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Indiana 000-08445 37-0684070 ------- --------- ---------- (State or other (Commission File (IRS Employer jurisdiction of Number) Identification Number) incorporation) 36 S. Pennsylvania St., Suite 500 Indianapolis, Indiana 46204 - ---------------------- ----- (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (317) 633-4100 ---------------
ITEM 12. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION. On November 12, 2003, The Steak n Shake Company (the "Registrant" or "Company") issued a Press Release announcing its fourth quarter and fiscal year 2003 results. The information in the Press Release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1. The Company has included the non-GAAP financial measure of adjusted net earnings and adjusted diluted earnings per share in the Press Release. Adjusted net earnings consists of net earnings adjusted for the provision for store closings. The Company believes adjusted net earnings and adjusted diluted earnings per share are measures that should be presented in addition to net earnings as determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") because they provide useful measures of comparing ongoing operations between past, current, and future periods. Additionally, the Company believes the provision for store closings is unusual in nature, and would not be indicative of ongoing operating results. A reconciliation of adjusted net earnings to net earnings in accordance with GAAP is as follows: A reconciliation of adjusted diluted earnings per share to diluted earnings per share in accordance with GAAP is as follows:
SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY By: /s/ James W. Bear -------------------- James W. Bear, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Dated: November 12, 2003
Exhibit Index Number assigned in Regulation S-K Item Description of Exhibits - ---- ------------------------- (__) 99.1 Press Release, dated November 12, 2003, announcing fourth quarter and fiscal year 2003 results.
Exhibit 99.1 THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY REPORTS ITS FISCAL YEAR 2003 RESULTS. INDIANAPOLIS, November 12, 2003 - The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE:SNS) ---- reported today its revenues and earnings for the full fiscal year (FY 2003 ended September 24, 2003) and for the fiscal Fourth Quarter. Highlights of the year and fiscal Fourth Quarter are: - - Same store sales increased 4.9% for the year and 12.4% for the Fourth Quarter. - - System-wide sales increased 8.2% for the year to $592,599,961 and increased 15.0% to $150,046,385 for the Fiscal Fourth Quarter. - - Revenues for the Fiscal Year increased 8.7% to $499,103,555 and Fourth Quarter revenues increased 15.1% to $126,108,100. The Company identified nine under-performing restaurants to close and recorded a provision for restaurant closings of $5,200,000 ($3,360,000 net of income taxes or $.13 per diluted share.) Because of this event, Net Earnings for the Quarter were $3,609,041 and $20,939,135 for the year. Diluted Earnings per share for the Quarter were $.13 and $.77 for the year. While the chain experienced record growth for the year, these nine restaurants did not perform to expectations due to trade area changes, location challenges or physical facility issues. The potential for these closings was reported in July 2003. The Company determined that it is in the long-term best interest of the shareholders to decisively discontinue operations in these restaurants that represent less than 1% of total sales. Closing these restaurants is the result of the Company's increased emphasis on ensuring that every asset earns more than the cost of capital. As a result of this decision, on-going Earnings, Cash Flow and Return on Assets are expected to improve. In addition, management will be able to focus more on assets with higher potential as well as on future growth. Net Earnings, exclusive of the provision for restaurant closings ("Adjusted Net Earnings"), were $6,969,041 for the Quarter and $24,299,135 for the year. Adjusted Diluted Earnings per share for the Quarter were $.26 and $.90 for the year. The Company believes that Adjusted Net Earnings and Adjusted Diluted Earnings per share are Non-GAAP financial measures that should be presented in addition to Net Earnings and Diluted Earnings per share in accordance with GAAP because they provide useful measures of comparing on-going operations between past, current and future periods. In addition, the Company believes the provision for restaurant closings is unusual in nature and is not indicative of ongoing operating results. After adjustments for the provision for store closings, the Non-GAAP results are as follows: - - Adjusted Net Earnings for the Fourth Quarter were $6,969,041, a gain of 17.2%, and Adjusted Diluted Earnings per share were $.26, a gain of 18.2%. - - Adjusted Net Earnings for Fiscal Year 2003 were $24,299,135, a gain of 5.2%, and Adjusted Diluted Earnings per share were $.90, a gain of 8.4%. The increasing momentum of same store sales and earnings versus prior year is based in large part on the progress the Company has made on five key business fundamentals. - - Supporting and Enabling Effective Field Leadership - - Improving Associate Satisfaction and Training - - Growing Guest Counts - - Continually Improving Margins - - Expanding the Brand Progress continues in reducing management turnover and in meeting staffing goals to support both current operations and future expansion. Progress has been made in improving associate satisfaction through increased training, enhanced benefit offerings, and associate involvement in the planning process, which have all contributed to turnover reduction. Guest counts have grown progressively throughout the Year due to optimized and integrated marketing programs via consumer research, new products like the three new Milk Shakes, new television marketing and credit card acceptance. Once new guests visited, their experiences were faster and friendlier via improved service execution as evidenced by expanded guest satisfaction measurements. The significant growth in guest counts for the Quarter and Year were fueled by investments in incremental marketing, consumer research, credit card availability, field bonuses, mystery shopping, training and new market development. In FY 2004, the Company will continue investing in associates and guests. The forward looking Earnings objective for Fiscal Year 2004 is between $.98 and $1.02 Diluted Earnings per share. As of September 25, 2002, there were 404 Steak n Shake restaurants of which 56 were franchised. As of September 24, 2003, there were 413 Steak n Shake restaurants of which 57 were franchised. Subsequent to the expected store closings, there will be 410 Steak n Shake restaurants of which 58 are franchised. This estimate includes three Company restaurants and one franchise restaurant that have opened since the beginning of FY 2004. This does not include the three Company restaurants that were razed and rebuilt at their current locations during Fiscal Year 2003. In Fiscal 2004, the Company expects to open 15-20 restaurants, of which several will be franchise locations. To date, the Company has purchased about 3,400,000 shares as authorized by its 4,000,000 Share Stock Repurchase program. No additional shares were purchased in the Fourth Quarter. Steak n Shake is a full service, casual dining restaurant serving a core menu of its famous Steakburgers, thin 'n crispy French Fries and old fashioned hand-dipped Milk Shakes. Menu variety includes sandwiches, such as the Turkey Melt and the Grilled Chicken Breast, as well as Chili, home style soups, fresh salads, a variety of desserts and breakfast. All of the food is prepared to the guest's order and served by friendly, well-trained associates. Steak n Shake restaurants feature full-service dining areas, counter service and drive-thru windows. Restaurants are open 24 hours a day, seven days a week. This press release contains various "forward looking statements" which represent the company's expectations or beliefs concerning future events. Investors are cautioned that reliance on "forward looking statements" involves risks and uncertainties, and although the Company believes that the assumptions on which the "forward looking statements" contained herein are based, are reasonable, any of these assumptions could prove to be inaccurate and, as a result, the "forward looking statements" based upon those assumptions also could be incorrect. Investors are referred to the full discussion of risk and uncertainties associated with "forward looking statements" contained in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Contact: Victor F. Yeandel Vic.yeandel@steaknshake.com --------------------------- www.steaknshake.com ------------------- (317) 633-4100
11 A RECONCILIATION OF ADJUSTED NET EARNINGS TO NET EARNINGS IN ACCORDANCE WITH GAAP IS AS FOLLOWS: FY 2003 GAAP - NON-GAAP NET EARNINGS RECONCILIATION A RECONCILIATION OF ADJUSTED DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE TO DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE IN ACCORDANCE WITH GAAP IS AS FOLLOWS: FY 2003 GAAP - NON-GAAP DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE RECONCILIATION


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20040120172621.txt.gz
TIME:20040120172621
EVENTS:	Changes in control of registrant
TEXT:
ITEM: Changes in control of registrant
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549-1004 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 20, 2004 ---------------- THE STEAK n SHAKE COMPANY ------------------------- (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (317) 633-4100 ---------------
ITEM 12. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION. On January 20, 2004, The Steak n Shake Company (the "Registrant" or "Company") issued a Press Release announcing its fiscal year 2004 first quarter results. The information in the Press Release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.
SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY By: /s/ James W. Bear -------------------- James W. Bear, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Dated: January 20, 2004
Exhibit Index Number assigned in Regulation S-K Item Description of Exhibits - ---- ------------------------- (__) 99.1 Press Release, dated January 20, 2004, announcing fiscal year 2004 first quarter results.
Exhibit 99.1 [GRAPHIC OMITED] THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY ANNOUNCES STRONG SALES AND EARNINGS INCREASES INDIANAPOLIS, January 20, 2004 - The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE:SNS) ---- reported today its revenues and earnings for the First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2004 ended December 17, 2003. Highlights of the Quarter include: - - Net Earnings increased 35% to $4,590,141 - - Diluted Earnings per Share increased 30.8% to $0.17 - - System wide sales increased 12.3% to $136,279,158 for the Quarter. - - In First Quarter, Revenues for the Company increased 12.2% to $114,472,813. - - As previously announced, the FY2004 Earnings objective is between $0.98 and $1.02 Diluted Earnings per Share. - - Same store sales increased 11.2%. The same store sales momentum marked the fourth consecutive quarter of customer count and same store sales growth. This growth continued in the first period of the Fiscal Second Quarter (Period 4) with same store sales growth of almost 8% despite less couponing and the strong sales of the prior year due to the rollout of credit cards. The Company continues to focus on five key fundamentals that are linked in a "virtuous cycle". These elements working together appear to have contributed to the sales and profit momentum. - - Supporting and Enabling Effective Field Leadership - - Improving Associate Satisfaction and Training - - Growing Guest Counts - - Continually Improving Margins - - Expanding the Brand Progress continues in reducing management turnover and in meeting staffing goals to support both current operations and future expansion. Progress has been made in improving associate satisfaction through increased training, enhanced benefit offerings, and associate involvement in the planning process, which have all contributed to turnover reduction. Guest counts grew during the Quarter due to optimized and integrated marketing programs based on the results of consumer research. New products like the Eggnog and Chocolate Mint Milk Shakes and the Takhomacard gift card program created news and consumer interest. New television markets in the Quarter were Toledo, Lansing, Dothan, Topeka and Charlotte. In the Quarter the Company made incremental investments in marketing, consumer research and field management bonuses. Additionally, the Company experienced food cost inflation in the Quarter, particularly in beef and cheese products. However, these costs were more than offset by the incremental profit generated by the 11.2% increase in same store sales resulting in an increase of 35% in Net Earnings. The 11.2% increase is compared to a 4% decrease in comparable sales experienced in the First Quarter of last year. As of December 17, 2003, there were 412 Steak n Shake restaurants, of which 59 are franchised operating in eighteen states. During the Quarter, the Company opened a total of three restaurants in Dallas, Indianapolis, and Pittsburgh. Two franchise restaurants opened, one in the Atlanta DMA and one in the Springfield, MO DMA. The Company is on track to open 15-20 restaurants as announced previously, of which several will be franchise locations. Steak n Shake is a full service, casual dining restaurant serving a core menu of its famous Steakburgers, thin 'n crispy French Fries and old fashioned hand-dipped Milk Shakes. Menu variety includes sandwiches, such as the Turkey Melt and the Grilled Chicken Breast, as well as Chili, home style soups, fresh salads, a variety of desserts and breakfast. All of the food is prepared to the customer's order and served by friendly, well-trained employees. Steak n Shake restaurants feature full-service dining areas, counter service and drive-thru windows. Restaurants are open 24 hours a day, seven days a week. This press release contains various "forward looking statements" which represent the company's expectations or beliefs concerning future events. Investors are cautioned that reliance on "forward looking statements" involves risks and uncertainties, and although the Company believes that the assumptions on which the "forward looking statements" contained herein are based, are reasonable, any of these assumptions could prove to be inaccurate and, as a result, the "forward looking statements" based upon those assumptions also could be incorrect. Investors are referred to the full discussion of risk and uncertainties associated with "forward looking statements" contained in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Contact: Victor F. Yeandel Vic.yeandel@steaknshake.com --------------------------- www.steaknshake.com ------------------- (317) 633-410


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20040212115634.txt.gz
TIME:20040212115634
EVENTS:	Other events
TEXT:
ITEM: Other events
 
 
     
 
   
Item 5. Other Events.
On February 11, 2004, The Steak n Shake Company (the "Registrant" or "Company") issued a Press Release announcing its strategic direction for 2004 and changes to senior management and the Board of Directors at its Annual Shareholders meeting. The information in the Press Release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1. The presentation of the strategic direction for 2004 is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2.
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
 
Number assigned
in Regulation S-K

INDIANAPOLIS, February 11, 2004  The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE:
SNS)
announced the Strategic Direction for 2004 at a well attended Annual Shareholders meeting held today at the Steak n Shake corporate office in downtown Indianapolis. In addition the Company also announced changes to Senior Management and to the Board of Directors.
Alan Gilman, Chairman of The Steak n Shake Company, announced that the Board of Directors elected Peter Dunn, formerly President and Chief Operations Officer, to additional responsibilities as President and Chief Executive Officer. "This is a well deserved recognition to the many contributions Peter has made to create added value for our Company," Mr. Gilman said. In addition, Mr. Gilman announced the retirement of Vice President and Corporate Secretary, Mary Ham after 10 years of outstanding service. David Milne will assume the responsibilities of Corporate Secretary effective today. Mr. Gilman also acknowledged, recognized and thanked Ms. S. Sue Aramian for her devoted work as an Officer and Director for the last twenty plus years.
Several new Corporate Officers were also announced  Roxanne Crosby as the Senior Vice President of Human Resources and Bradley Manns as the Vice President of Franchising.
 
Four proposals were approved by the Shareholders:
Peter Dunn presented the Strategic Direction for 2004. This direction focused on the strong foundation of Steak n Shake and reinforced the Virtuous Cycle  the service value profit chain. This cycle begins with capable leaders who are able to energize and take better care of associates, who then take better care of guests, so that margins and labor improves, resulting in increased sales, profits and shareholder value. Reinvestments back in this cycle will continue to perpetuate the cycle allowing the Company to expand the reach of Steak n Shake with added restaurants and franchisees. This presentation in its entirety can be viewed on the Company's website at .
www.steaknshake.com
 
Steak n Shake is a full service, casual dining restaurant serving a core menu of its famous Steakburgers, thin n crispy French Fries and old fashioned hand-dipped Milk Shakes. Menu variety includes sandwiches, such as the Turkey Melt and the Grilled Chicken Breast, as well as Chili, home style soups, fresh salads, a variety of desserts and breakfast. All of the food is prepared to the guest's order and served by friendly, well-trained associates. Steak n Shake restaurants feature full-service dining areas, counter service and drive-thru windows. Restaurants are open 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
This press release contains various "forward looking statements" which represent the company's expectations or beliefs concerning future events. Investors are cautioned that reliance on "forward looking statements" involves risks and uncertainties, and although the Company believes that the assumptions on which the "forward looking statements" contained herein are based, are reasonable, any of these assumptions could prove to be inaccurate and, as a result, the "forward looking statements" based upon those assumptions also could be incorrect. Investors are referred to the full discussion of risk and uncertainties associated with "forward looking statements" contained in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20040504163140.txt.gz
TIME:20040504163140
EVENTS:	Changes in control of registrant
TEXT:
ITEM: Changes in control of registrant
8 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549-1004 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): May 4, 2004 ------------- THE STEAK n SHAKE COMPANY ------------------------- (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (317) 633-4100 ---------------
ITEM 12. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION. On May 4, 2004, The Steak n Shake Company (the "Registrant" or "Company") issued a Press Release announcing its fiscal year 2004 second quarter results. The information in the Press Release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.
SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY By: /s/ Jeffrey A. Blade ----------------------- Jeffrey A. Blade, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Dated: May 4, 2004
Exhibit Index Number assigned in Regulation S-K Item Description of Exhibits - ---- ------------------------- (X) 99.1 Press Release dated May 4, 2004, announcing fiscal year 2004 second quarter results.
Exhibit 99.1 THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY REPORTS FISCAL SECOND QUARTER 2004 RESULTS EARNINGS PER SHARE INCREASE 16.0%, SAME STORE SALES UP 8.7% INDIANAPOLIS, May 4, 2004 /PRNewswire -- The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE:SNS) today announced its revenues and earnings for the fiscal second quarter ended April 7, 2004. Highlights of the second quarter include: - ---------------------------------------------- - - Total revenues increased 9.4% to $163.8 million compared to $149.7 million last year - - Same store sales for Company-owned restaurants increased 8.7% over last year - - Net earnings increased 17.1% to $8.0 million from $6.8 million last year - - Diluted earnings per share grew 16.0% to $0.29 from $0.25 last year Net sales for the fiscal second quarter grew 9.4% to $162.5 million versus $148.5 million in the same quarter last year. Same-store sales for Company-owned restaurants increased 8.7% from the same period a year ago. The same-store sales increase marked the fifth consecutive quarter that Steak n Shake has reported positive same store sales for Company-owned restaurants. The Company continues to focus on five key fundamentals that are linked in a Virtuous Cycle which include: developing effective field leaders, improving associate satisfaction and training, growing guest counts, improving margins, and expanding the brand. Peter Dunn, President and Chief Executive Officer commented, "We continue to be encouraged by progress being made implementing the Virtuous Cycle. During the second quarter we continued to invest in manager training to better support and enable our leaders and continued to focus on increasing associate satisfaction, including progress on training initiatives and reducing turnover. These efforts, coupled with strong marketing initiatives, including better consumer insight, new product news, local marketing and the continuing addition of new television markets, drove increases in guest counts. The resulting strength of same store sales drove labor efficiencies that generated lower restaurant operating costs as a percent of sales." Net income for the fiscal second quarter was $8.0 million, or $0.29 per diluted share, as compared to $6.8 million, or $0.25 per diluted share in the prior year period. For the first half of fiscal year 2004, total revenues increased 10.5% to $278.3 million compared to $251.7 million in the prior year. Same store sales for Company-owned units increased 9.7% over last year. Net earnings for the first half of the year totaled $12.6 million, a 23.0% increase over the prior year net earnings of $10.2 million. Diluted earnings per share for the first half of the year rose 21.1% to $0.46, versus $0.38 in the prior year. As of April 7, 2004, there are 415 Steak n Shake restaurants operating in 18 states, of which 59 are franchised. During the quarter, the Company opened four new restaurants in the Dallas, Chicago, Rockford, IL and Columbus, OH markets. For the first half of the year, Steak n Shake opened nine new restaurants, including two franchised units. As previously reported, the Company anticipates opening a total of 15-20 new stores in fiscal 2004, including franchised locations. As a result of the strong same store sales, the Company will raise its guidance for the full year, increasing its estimate of diluted earnings per share range to $1.00 to $1.04 from the previously issued range of $0.98 to $1.02. Investor Conference Call and Webcast The Steak n Shake Company will broadcast its investor conference call live over the Internet at 11:00 a.m. Eastern Time, 10:00 a.m. Central Time on Wednesday, May 5, 2004. Hosting the call will be Peter Dunn, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jeffrey A. Blade, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Interested investors and other parties may listen to a simultaneous webcast of the conference call by logging onto the Company's website at www.steaknshake.com. The on-line replay will be available for a limited time immediately following the call. About Steak n Shake Steak n Shake is a full service, casual dining restaurant serving a core menu of its famous Steakburger sandwiches, thin 'n crispy french fries, old fashioned hand-dipped milk shakes, chili, home style soups, fresh salads, a variety of desserts and breakfast. All of the food is prepared to the guest's order and served by friendly, well-trained associates. Steak n Shake restaurants feature full-service dining areas, counter service and drive-thru windows and are open 24 hours a day, seven days a week. This press release contains various forward-looking statements that reflect management's expectations or beliefs regarding future events. Investors are cautioned that reliance on these forward-looking statements involves risks and uncertainties. Although the Company believes that the assumptions used in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of these assumptions could prove to be inaccurate and, as a result, the outcome of the forward-looking statements could differ materially. A list of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements are contained in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, such as its annual and quarterly reports. Contact: Jeffrey A. Blade Jeff.blade@steaknshake.com www.steaknshake.com (317) 633-4100


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20040728160800.txt.gz
TIME:20040728160800
EVENTS:	Changes in control of registrant
TEXT:
ITEM: Changes in control of registrant
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549-1004 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): July 28, 2004 -------------- THE STEAK n SHAKE COMPANY ------------------------- (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (317) 633-4100 ---------------
ITEM 12. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION. On July 28, 2004, The Steak n Shake Company (the "Registrant" or "Company") issued a Press Release announcing its fiscal year 2004 third quarter results. The information in the Press Release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.
SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY By: /s/ Jeffrey A. Blade ----------------------- Jeffrey A. Blade, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Dated: July 28, 2004
Exhibit Index Number assigned in Regulation S-K Item Description of Exhibits - ---- ------------------------- (X) 99.1 Press Release dated July 28, 2004, announcing fiscal year 2004 third quarter results.
Exhibit 99.1 THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY REPORTS FISCAL THIRD QUARTER 2004 RESULTS SAME STORE SALES INCREASE 6.3%, NET EARNINGS INCREASE 4.6% INDIANAPOLIS, July 28, 2004 /PRNewswire -- The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE:SNS) today announced its revenues and earnings for the fiscal third quarter ended June 30, 2004. Highlights of the third quarter include: - --------------------------------------------- - - Total revenues increased 7.7% to $130.6 million versus $121.3 million - - Same store sales for Company-owned restaurants increased 6.3% - - Net earnings increased 4.6% to $7.4 million from $7.1 million last year - - Diluted earnings per share were $0.27 compared to $0.26 Net sales for the fiscal third quarter grew 7.6% to $129.6 million versus $120.3 million in the same quarter last year, while same-store sales increased 6.3% from the same period a year ago. Net earnings for the fiscal third quarter 2004 were $7.4 million, or $0.27 per diluted share compared to $7.1 million, or $0.26 per diluted share in the prior year period. The Company continues to focus on five key fundamentals which are linked in a Virtuous Cycle. These include: developing effective field leaders, improving associate satisfaction and training, growing guest counts, improving margins, and expanding the brand. Peter Dunn, President and Chief Executive Officer commented, "We are encouraged by consumer acceptance of our new Side by Side milk shakes, which helped contribute to our sixth consecutive quarter of positive same store sales. This trend is notable considering the strong comparison to third quarter results from the prior year. We invested in training and staffing to launch this new product successfully and this is already paying dividends in strong sales momentum." Mr. Dunn continued, "In the third quarter we continued to face significant increases in food commodity costs, primarily beef and dairy, that resulted in a higher cost of sales. These costs were partially offset by strong expense control." For the first three quarters of fiscal year 2004, total revenues increased 9.6% to $408.9 million compared to $373.0 million in the prior year, driven by a same store sales increase for Company-owned units of 8.7%. Diluted earnings per share for the first three quarters of the year rose 12.5% to $0.72 versus $0.64 in the prior year. As of June 30, 2004, there were 416 Steak n Shake restaurants operating in 18 states, including 357 Company-owned restaurants and 59 franchised units. During the quarter, the Company opened one new restaurant in the St. Louis, Missouri market. Subsequent to June 30, 2004, the Company has opened three new restaurants in Peoria, Illinois, Dallas, Texas, and St. Louis, Missouri.
During the current fiscal year, the Company has opened thirteen new restaurants, including two franchised units, consistent with previous guidance of opening 15-20 new stores in fiscal 2004, including franchised locations. Based on results through the first three quarters of fiscal 2004, the Company is reaffirming its guidance for the full year of diluted earnings per share in the range of $1.00 to $1.04. This guidance is predicated on commodity costs remaining stable at current price levels and continued same store sales momentum. Investor Conference Call and Webcast The Steak n Shake Company will broadcast its investor conference call live over the Internet at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time, 4:00 p.m. Central Time today, Wednesday, July 28, 2004. Hosting the call will be Peter Dunn, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jeffrey A. Blade, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Interested investors and other parties may listen to a simultaneous webcast of the conference call by logging onto the Company's website at www.steaknshake.com or by dialing 1-877-297-4509. About Steak n Shake Steak n Shake is a full service, casual dining restaurant serving a core menu of its famous Steakburger sandwiches, thin 'n crispy french fries, old fashioned hand-dipped milk shakes, chili, home style soups, fresh salads, a variety of desserts and breakfast. All of the food is prepared to the guest's order and served by friendly, well-trained associates. Steak n Shake restaurants feature full-service dining areas, counter service and drive-thru windows and are open 24 hours a day, seven days a week. This press release contains various forward-looking statements that reflect management's expectations or beliefs regarding future events. Investors are cautioned that reliance on these forward-looking statements involves risks and uncertainties. Although the Company believes that the assumptions used in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of these assumptions could prove to be inaccurate and, as a result, the outcome of the forward-looking statements could differ materially. A list of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements are contained in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, such as its annual and quarterly reports. Contact: Jeffrey A. Blade Jeff.blade@steaknshake.com -------------------------- www.steaknshake.com ------------------- (317) 633-4100


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20041110161057.txt.gz
TIME:20041110161057
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) November 5, 2004 ------------------ THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY ------------------------- (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) INDIANA 000-08445 37-0684070 ------- --------- ---------- (State or other jurisdiction (Commission (IRS Employer of incorporation) File Number) Identification No.) 36 SOUTH PENNSYLVANIA STREET, SUITE 500 INDIANAPOLIS, INDIANA 46204 --------------------------- (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant's telephone number, including area code (317) 633-4100 --------------- NOT APPLICABLE -------------- (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
ITEM 1.01 ENTRY INTO A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT On November 5, 2004, Steak n Shake Operations, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Registrant ("SNS Operations"), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement") with Kelley Restaurants, Inc. the Registrant's largest franchisee ("KRI"), and SNS Merger Corp, a wholly owned subsidiary of SNS Operations ("Subcorp"), pursuant to which Subcorp will merge with and into KRI, with KRI being the surviving company (the "Merger"). If the Merger is completed, KRI will become a wholly owned subsidiary of SNS Operations. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the shares of KRI common stock will be converted into the right to receive cash having an aggregate value of approximately $20.5 million at closing, subject to adjustment. The net value transferred at closing is anticipated to be approximately $17.5 million, which includes adjustments for debt repayment, working capital and other items. SNS Operations will deposit ten percent (10%) of the adjusted purchase price in escrow, which amount shall be held for up to 24 months from the closing of the transaction. The Merger Agreement includes various customary representations, warranties and covenants of the parties for transactions of this kind. The obligations of the parties to complete the Merger are subject to various closing conditions, including, without limitation, (i) the satisfactory completion of the Registrant's due diligence review of KRI, (ii) the final approval of the Registrant's Acquisition Committee, (iii) the approval of the Merger Agreement by the KRI stockholders, and (iv) the execution of employment agreements with certain officers of KRI. As indicated above, the consummation of the Merger is conditioned upon SNS Operations entering into employment agreements with Wayne Kelley and Steve McArthur, the President and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of KRI. Mr. Kelley serves on the Board of Directors for both the Registrant and SNS Operations. Pursuant to his employment agreement, Mr. Kelley would remain a full-time employee of KRI for a period of two years and sixteen weeks after the date of the closing of the Merger. During this time, Mr. Kelley will receive an annual salary of $205,000 and shall be entitled to a bonus of $57,000 if he is still employed at the end of the employment period. Under his employment agreement, Mr. McArthur would remain a full-time employee of KRI for a period of two years. During this time Mr. McArthur will receive an annual salary of $121,500 per year and shall be entitled to a bonus of $13,500 per year if he is still employed at the end of each of the years in the employment period. The proposed merger is also disclosed in the press release attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of this report. ITEM 2.02 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION On November 10, 2004, The Steak n Shake Company (the "Registrant") reported its results of operations for its fiscal year 2004 fourth quarter and full year results. The Registrant's earnings release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of this report. The Registrant is furnishing the information contained in this report, including the Exhibits, pursuant to Item 2.02 of Form 8-K promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). This information shall not be deemed to be "filed" with the SEC or incorporated by reference into any other filing with the SEC. By filing this report on Form 8-K and furnishing this information, the Registrant makes no admission as to the materiality of any information in this report, including the Exhibits. ITEM 9.01 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS (c) Exhibits 99.1 Press Release, dated November 10, 2004, issued by the Registrant.
SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Dated: November 10, 2004 THE STEAK n SHAKE COMPANY By:_/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade_____________________ Jeffrey A. Blade, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Exhibit 99.1 THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY REPORTS FISCAL FOURTH QUARTER & FULL YEAR 2004 RESULTS FOURTH QUARTER SAME STORE SALES INCREASE 5.2%, FULL YEAR NET EARNINGS REACH $1.00 PER DILUTED SHARE COMPANY TO PURCHASE LARGEST FRANCHISE GROUP INDIANAPOLIS, November 10, 2004 /PRNewswire -- The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE:SNS) today announced its revenues and earnings for the fiscal fourth quarter and full year ended September 29, 2004. Highlights of the fourth quarter include: - ---------------------------------------------- - - Total revenues increased 14.8% to $144.8 million versus $126.1 million - - Same store sales for Company-owned restaurants rose 5.2% (excluding the impact of an additional week in fiscal 2004) - - Diluted earnings per share were $0.28 compared to $0.13 (prior year period included a $3.4 million charge, net of tax, or $0.13 per diluted share, for closing nine underperforming restaurants) Highlights of the full year include: - ----------------------------------------- - - Total revenues increased 10.9% to $553.7 million versus $499.1 million - - Same store sales for Company-owned restaurants rose 7.7% (excluding the impact of an additional week in fiscal 2004) - - Diluted earnings per share were $1.00 compared to $0.77 (prior year period included a $3.4 million charge, net of tax, or $0.13 per diluted share, for closing nine underperforming restaurants) FISCAL FOURTH QUARTER 2004 RESULTS Total revenues for the fiscal fourth quarter 2004 grew 14.8% to $144.8 million compared to the same quarter last year. The fiscal fourth quarter 2004 included an additional week compared to the prior year. Same-store sales for Company-owned restaurants during the fiscal fourth quarter increased 5.2%, excluding the impact of the extra week. Net earnings for the fiscal fourth quarter 2004 were $7.6 million, or $0.28 per diluted share, compared to $3.6 million, or $0.13 per diluted share, in the prior year period. The prior year period included a $3.4 million charge, net of taxes, for closing nine underperforming restaurants. Peter Dunn, President and Chief Executive Officer commented, "We are pleased with the continued progress we achieved in the fourth quarter, which reflects the outstanding contributions of our entire team in a less than optimal operating environment." FISCAL 2004 RESULTS For the 53-week period ended September 29, 2004, total revenues increased 10.9% to $553.7 million, compared to $499.1 million in the prior year 52-week period. Same-store sales for Company-owned restaurants during fiscal 2004 increased 7.7%, exclusive of the additional operating week. Net earnings for fiscal 2004 were $27.7 million, or $1.00 per diluted share, compared to $20.9 million, or $0.77 per diluted share in fiscal 2003. As noted above, the prior year period included a $3.4 million charge, net of taxes, for closing nine underperforming restaurants. For the fiscal year, the Company opened 19 new restaurants, including three franchised units. Mr. Dunn continued, "Over the last two years, our focus on the Virtuous Cycle has enabled us to lower manager and associate turnover, increase guest satisfaction, introduce successful new products, and generate strong same store sales gains. During fiscal year 2005 we will continue to focus on the fundamentals of the Virtuous Cycle while making critical investments in store level leadership and infrastructure. This will lead to accelerated store expansion, that should support sustained earnings growth over the long-term." As of September 29, 2004, there were 425 Steak n Shake restaurants operating in 19 states, including 365 Company-owned restaurants and 60 franchised units. During the quarter, the Company opened eight new restaurants, primarily in Ohio, Indiana, Illinois and Texas. ACQUISITION OF LARGEST FRANCHISEE On November 5, 2004, subsequent to the end of the 2004 fiscal fourth quarter, the Company entered into an agreement to merge Kelley Restaurants, Inc., its largest franchisee, into one of the Company's subsidiaries for a net consideration of approximately $17.5 million. Kelley Restaurants, Inc. operates 16 Steak n Shake restaurants in the Atlanta, Georgia and Charlotte, North Carolina markets. The transaction is subject to completion of due diligence, Kelley Restaurants, Inc. shareholder approval, and other contingencies. The transaction is expected to close by the end of December. The Company anticipates the acquisition will contribute diluted earnings per share in the range of $0.01 to $0.02 in fiscal 2005. Mr. Dunn concluded, "Although we have not historically grown through acquisition, the opportunity to purchase this high performing franchisee group in two under-penetrated markets is consistent with our intent to continue expanding the Steak n Shake brand. Steak n Shake has a loyal customer following in Atlanta and Charlotte. We plan to build on the well-deserved reputation Kelley Restaurants, Inc. has cultivated for the brand and expand our presence in these two major markets." 2005 GUIDANCE For the fiscal year 2005, the Company anticipates diluted earnings per share in the range of $1.08-$1.11, inclusive of the acquisition. Same store sales growth is expected to be between 2% - 3%. As previously announced, the Company anticipates opening 18-24 new Company-owned restaurants throughout fiscal year 2005. INVESTOR CONFERENCE CALL AND WEBCAST The Steak n Shake Company will broadcast its investor conference call live over the Internet at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time, 4:00 p.m. Central Time today, Wednesday, November 10, 2004. Hosting the call will be Peter Dunn, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jeffrey A. Blade, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Interested investors and other parties may listen to a simultaneous webcast of the conference call by logging onto the Company's website at www.steaknshake.com or by dialing 1-877-297-4509. ABOUT STEAK N SHAKE Steak n Shake is a full service, casual dining restaurant serving a core menu of its famous Steakburger sandwiches, thin 'n crispy french fries, old fashioned hand-dipped milk shakes, chili, home style soups, fresh salads, a variety of desserts and breakfast. All of the food is prepared to the guest's order and served by friendly, well-trained associates. Steak n Shake restaurants feature full-service dining areas, counter service and drive-thru windows and are open 24 hours a day, seven days a week. This press release contains forward-looking information. In general, forward-looking statements include estimates of future revenues, cash flows, capital expenditures, or other financial items, and assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements reflect management's current expectations regarding future events and use words such as "anticipate", "believe", "expect", "may", "will", and other similar terminology. These statements speak only as of the date they were made and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. Several factors, many beyond our control, could cause actual results to differ significantly from our expectations, such as the following: effectiveness of operating initiatives; changes in economic conditions; effectiveness of advertising and marketing initiatives; harsh weather conditions, primarily in the first and second quarters; availability and cost of qualified restaurant personnel; changes in consumer tastes; changes in consumer behavior based on publicity or concerns relating to food safety or food-borne illnesses; effectiveness of our expansion plans; changes in minimum wage rates; changes in food commodity prices; completion of merger or acquisitions and successful integration of those transactions; and changes in applicable accounting policies and practices. The foregoing list of important factors is not intended to be all-inclusive as other general market, industry, economic, and political factors may also impact our operations. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements, as we assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements. For further information, refer to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 24, 2003. Contact: Jeffrey A. Blade Jeff.blade@steaknshake.com -------------------------- www.steaknshake.com ------------------- (317) 633-4100


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20041229131910.txt.gz
TIME:20041229131910
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 NOT APPLICABLE -------------- (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) ITEM 1.01 ENTRY INTO A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT On November 10, 2004, the Registrant announced that its wholly owned subsidiary, Steak n Shake Operations, Inc., ("SNS Operations"), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement") with Kelley Restaurants Inc, the Registrant's largest franchisee ("KRI"), and SNS Merger Corp, a wholly owned subsidiary of SNS Operations ("Subcorp"), pursuant to which Subcorp will merge with and into KRI, with KRI being the surviving company (the "Merger"). The Merger was completed on December 29, 2004. The net value transferred at closing was approximately $17.5 million, which includes adjustments for debt repayment, working capital and other items. As a result of the Merger, KRI became a wholly owned subsidiary of SNS Operations. In connection with the closing of the Merger, SNS Operations entered into an employment agreement with Wayne Kelley, the President of KRI. Mr. Kelley serves as a director on the Board of Directors for both the Registrant and SNS Operations. Pursuant to the employment agreement, Mr. Kelley will remain a full-time employee of KRI for a period of two years and sixteen weeks. During the term of the agreement, Mr. Kelley will report to the Registrant's President and Chief Executive Officer and shall perform duties that are requested by the Registrant's President and Chief Executive Officer. His duties will include effectively merging the two entities, evaluating real estate sites, and involvement and participation in the Registrant's executive management team. Mr. Kelley will receive an annual salary of $205,000 per year and shall be entitled to a bonus of $56,923 if he is still employed at the end of the employment period. Additionally, Mr. Kelley shall be entitled to participate in any and all benefit plans offered by the Registrant or its subsidiaries to those in positions similar to Mr. Kelley's. A copy of the employment agreement is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to this report and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of this report. ITEM 9.01 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS (c) Exhibits 10.1 Employment Agreement between Wayne Kelley and Steak n Shake Operations, Inc.
SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Dated: December 29, 2004 THE STEAK n SHAKE COMPANY By:/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade ----------------------- Jeffrey A. Blade, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
EXHIBIT 10.1 - ------------- EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT This Employment Agreement (the "Agreement") is entered into effective this 29th day of December, 2004, between Wayne Kelley ("Employee") and Steak n Shake Operations, Inc. ("SNS"). WHEREAS, Employee is employed by Kelley Restaurants, Inc. ("KRI"), in the capacity of President; and WHEREAS, SNS has contracted to merge one of its subsidiaries into KRI, with the surviving Company to continue to be known as Kelley Restaurants, Inc. (also "KRI" herein) on or before December 29, 2004 (the date the merger is closed being the "Acquisition Date") and desires that Employee remain employed with KRI for two (2) years and sixteen (16) weeks after the Acquisition Date; and NOW THEREFORE, based on the foregoing premises and the following promises and representations, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by both parties, the parties agree as follows: 1. TERM OF AGREEMENT AND RESIGNATION. Employee shall remain a full-time -------------------------------------- employee of KRI for two (2) years and sixteen (16) weeks after this Acquisition Date and hereby resigns from his employment with KRI effective two (2) years and sixteen (16) weeks from the Acquisition Date (the "Resignation Date"). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee's employment hereunder may be terminated, and Employee shall have no further rights or expectation of employment hereunder, in the event that Employee: is convicted of or pleads guilty to a felony or crime of moral turpitude, ; violates any of SNS's or KRI's policies and does not cure such violation within 10 days of notice (to the extent a cure of the policy at issue is possible); violates the terms of this Agreement; subjects SNS or KRI to legal liability to a third party or any governmental entity as a result of his actions or omissions; or fails, refuses or is unable to perform the duties required of him in Paragraph 2 of this Agreement. 2. DUTIES. At all times after the Acquisition Date and prior to the ------- Resignation Date Employee shall report to SNS's President and Chief Executive Officer and shall perform such duties as are requested of Employee by SNS's President and Chief Executive Officer. Employee's duties shall be primarily performed in Atlanta, Georgia, Charlotte, North Carolina, or Indianapolis, Indiana and shall generally involve the effective merger of SNS's subsidiary into KRI, evaluation of real estate sites, and involvement and participation in SNS's executive management team. Employee shall use his best efforts to perform the duties required of him and shall not hold any other positions or employment without prior written approval from SNS's President and Chief Executive Officer. It is anticipated by the parties that Employee will devote approximately 40 hours per week to his duties. Employee shall be entitled to four (4) weeks of paid vacation per year and 10 sick days per full year of employment. Employee shall devote his full efforts to his duties hereunder and shall not engage in any other employment, consulting or self-employment without SNS's written consent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee shall be free to pursue and work on behalf of a franchise of SNS that would be owned by Employee individually or by a corporate entity of which he would be a shareholder or member. During the term of this Agreement KRI shall provide Employee with the use of office space and office equipment including but not limited to computers, telephones, fax machines, e-mail, internet access, substantively similar to the office space and equipment available to the employees of the Steak n Shake Company's other subsidiaries located at its main corporate offices. 3. COMPENSATION. Employee's annual base salary hereunder beginning on the ------------- Acquisition Date shall be $205,000, payable in bi-weekly installments on KRI's normal and customary pay days. Employee shall also be entitled to earn a bonus of $56,923.08, which will be earned, due and payable in a lump sum only if Employee is employed by SNS on the last date of the term of this Agreement. Employee shall also be entitled to use of a vehicle provided by SNS typical of those provided to executives of SNS, subject to Employee's adherence to SNS's automobile use policies. 4. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS. Except as otherwise excluded by his service as a ------------------- Director of SNS's parent Company, Employee shall be entitled to participate in any and all benefit plans provided by KRI to its employees, including but not limited to, KRI's group medical plan, group life insurance plan, short-term disability plan, long-term disability plan, vacation plan, sick pay plan, 401k and Profit Sharing Plan, or any other employee benefit plan typically offered by KRI to its executives. Employee's benefits under any of KRI's employee benefit plans shall be governed by the terms of such plans. Employee shall be credited with all time he served as an employee of KRI under all of KRI's benefit plans. Should any KRI Employee Benefit Plans in existence on the date of this Agreement (a "KRI Plan") be terminated KRI shall either transfer Employee to another subsidiary of the Steak n Shake Company that offers a comparable plan to that which was terminated or gross Employee up for any loss of benefits resulting from the termination of the KRI Plan. 5. CONFIDENTIALITY. Employee shall not share any information regarding KRI, ---------------- SNS or any of its parent, employees, directors, corporate affiliates or those of its parent with any person or entity without the prior consent of SNS. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing shall prevent Employee from sharing any information that is already in the public domain at the time Employee communicates it. 6. MODIFICATION AND WAIVER. This Agreement may only be modified by -------------------------- written document signed by the Chief Executive Officer of SNS and Employee. The failure to enforce this Agreement or the waiver of any breach of this Agreement shall not constitute the waiver of any future breach or any other rights contained herein. 7. VENUE, JURISDICTION AND GOVERNING LAW. Employee and SNS agree that any ---------------------------------------- suit or claim arising out of this Agreement or seeking to remedy a breach of this Agreement shall only be brought in the state courts in Marion County, Indiana or the Federal District Court for the Southern District of Indiana, Indianapolis Division. This Agreement shall be construed only under the laws of the State of Indiana, notwithstanding any conflict of laws provisions or decision. Employee also agrees that in the event that a court finds that a provision of this Agreement is not enforceable, the court shall strike the offending provision and the remainder of this Agreement shall be fully enforceable. 8. EVIDENCE. Notwithstanding any foregoing provision, this Agreement may be --------- used by SNS as evidence in any claim brought by Employee against SNS. 9. RESTRICTIVE COVENANT. Employee agrees and understands that his ---------------------- performance of services for a direct competitor of SNS would cause SNS significant harm. Accordingly, he agrees that for a period of 1 year after the last payment hereunder, he shall not perform services as an employee, contractor, consultant, or in any other capacity for any direct competitor of SNS in the Atlanta, Georgia or Charlotte, North Carolina DMAs. For the purposes of this paragraph, a direct competitor shall be deemed to include Culvers or any restaurant that serves or purports to serve or plans to serve "Steakburgers" or hand-dipped milkshakes or operates as a diner-style concept. Employee understands and agrees that the consideration set forth herein is sufficient for this agreement on his part and that the restriction set forth herein is reasonable in both geographic scope and type of work restricted. He also understands and agrees that the restriction set forth herein shall not impair his ability to obtain suitable employment in his field of expertise. Notwithstanding anything herein, nothing shall prevent Employee from pursuing or being considered for franchise opportunities with SNS. 10. COMPLETE AGREEMENT. Employee agrees that this written Agreement is the -------------------- complete and entire agreement between him and SNS and that he has not relied on any representation by SNS or its agents or counsel. THIS AGREEMENT IS ENTERED INTO AS OF THE DATE ABOVE WRITTEN AND EMPLOYEE AGREES TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS BY SIGNING BELOW: Wayne Kelley: /s/ Wayne Kelley - ------------------ Dated: December 29, 2004 -------------------- "STEAK N SHAKE OPERATIONS, INC." By: /s/Peter M. Dunn --------------- Printed: Peter M. Dunn --------------- Dated: December 29, 2004 -------------------


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20050126160211.txt.gz
TIME:20050126160211
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[    ]        
   
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
[] 
   
 
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
[] 
   
 
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
[] 
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
Item 2.02. Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
   
   
 On January 26, 2005, The Steak n Shake Company (the "Registrant" or "Company") issued a Press Release announcing its fiscal year 2005 first quarter results. The Registrant's earnings release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of the report.
   
 
 The Registrant is furnishing the information contained in this report, including the Exhibits, pursuant to Item 2.02 of Form 8-K promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission ("the SEC").  This information shall not be deemed to be "filed" with the SEC or incorporated by reference into any other filing with the SEC.  By filing this report on Form 8-K and furnishing this information, the Registrant makes no admission as to the materiality of any information in this report, including the Exhibits.
   
 
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 (c) Exhibits
   
   
  
 
 99.1Press Release, dated January 26, 2005, issued by Registrant
   
 
   
 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
   
THE STEAK n SHAKE COMPANY
   
                                                                  By:
   
/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
   
   
 
Jeffrey A. Blade,
 
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 
                                                                                    Dated: January 26, 2005
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
INDIANAPOLIS, January 26, 2005/PRNewswire -- The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE:SNS) today announced its revenues and earnings for the fiscal first quarter 2005 ended December 22, 2004.
Highlights of the first quarter include:
  
   
   
Total revenues increased 10.5% to $126.5 million versus $114.5 million
  Same store sales for Company-owned restaurants increased 7.8%
   
   
  Net earnings increased 11.8% to $5.1 million versus $4.6 million
   
   
  Diluted earnings per share were $0.18 compared to $0.17
   
   
 
Fiscal First Quarter 2005 Results
Net sales for the fiscal first quarter 2005 grew 10.6
% to $125.5 million
compared to the same quarter last year.
S
ame store sales for Company-owned restaurants during the fiscal first quarter 2005 increased 7.8%, marking the eighth consecutive quarter that Steak n Shake has reported positive same store sales.
Net earnings for
the fiscal first quarter 2005 were $5.1 million, or $0.18 per diluted share, compared to $4.6 million, or $0.17 per diluted share, in the prior year quarter.
Peter Dunn, President and Chief Executive Officer commented, "The Companys limited-time holiday milk shakes helped drive another strong quarter of positive same store sales. While tomato, dairy and beef costs were higher than last year, we were able to leverage our labor costs as a result of strong same store sales and better restaurant-level execution."
Mr. Dunn continued, "In fiscal 2005, our primary goal is to focus on the fundamentals of the Virtuous Cycle
which includes making critical investments in store level leadership and infrastructure. We believe this will lead to accelerated store expansion, and should support sustained earnings growth over the long-term."
As of December 22, 2004, there were 429 Steak n Shake restaurants operating in 19 states, including 368 Company-owned restaurants and 61 franchised units. During the quarter, the Company opened
three
new restaurants in Indiana and Michigan and one franchised restaurant in Charlotte, North Carolina.
On November 5, 2004, the Company entered into an agreement to acquire Kelley Restaurants Inc, its largest franchisee, in a cash merger transaction for approximately $17.5 million, net of debt being assumed. Kelley Restaurants, Inc. was the Companys largest franchisee, operating 16 Steak n Shake restaurants in the Atlanta, Georgia and Charlotte, North Carolina markets. The transaction closed on December 29, 2004.
2005 Guidance
For the fiscal year 2005, the Company reaffirmed diluted earnings per share guidance in the range of $1.08-$1.11, inclusive of the Kelley Restaurants acquisition. Same store sales growth is expected to be between 2%-3%.
The Company also reiterated that it anticipates opening 18-24 new Company-owned restaurants throughout fiscal year 2005 and at least 26 Company-owned restaurants in fiscal year 2006.
 
 
Investor Conference Call and Webcast
The Steak n Shake Company will broadcast its investor conference call live over the Internet at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time, 4:00 p.m. Central Time today, Wednesday, January 26, 2005. Hosting the call will be Peter M. Dunn, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jeffrey A. Blade, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
Interested investors and other parties may listen to a simultaneous webcast of the conference call by logging onto the Company's website at www.steaknshake.com. The on-line replay will be available for a limited time immediately following the call.
The call can also be accessed live over the phone by dialing 1-800-289-0507, or for international callers, 1-913-981-5540. A replay will be available one hour after the call and can be accessed by dialing 1-888-203-1112, or for international callers, 1-719-457-0820 and entering passcode number 4510734. The replay will be available until February 4, 2005.
About Steak n Shake
Steak n Shake is a full service, casual dining restaurant serving a core menu of its famous Steakburger
TM
 sandwiches, thin n crispy french fries, old fashioned hand-dipped milk shakes, chili, home style soups, fresh salads, a variety of desserts and breakfast. All of the food is prepared to the guests order and served by friendly, well-trained associates. Steak n Shake restaurants feature fullservice dining areas, counter service and drive-thru windows and are open 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
This press release contains forward-looking information. In general, forward-looking statements include estimates of future revenues, cash flows, capital expenditures, or other financial items, and assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements reflect managements current expectations regarding future events and use words such as "anticipate", "believe", "expect", "may", "will", and other similar terminology. These statements speak only as of the date they were made and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. Several factors, many beyond our control, could cause actual results to differ significantly from our expectations, such as the following: effectiveness of operating initiatives; changes in economic conditions; effectiveness of advertising and marketing initiatives; harsh weather conditions, primarily in the first and second quarters; availability and cost of qualified restaurant personnel; changes in consumer tastes; changes in consumer behavior based on publicity or concerns relating to food safety or food-borne illnesses; effectiveness of our expansion plans; changes in minimum wage rates; changes in food commodity prices; completion of merger or acquisitions and successful integration of those transactions; and changes in applicable accounting policies and practices. The foregoing list of important factors is not intended to be all-inclusive as other general market, industry, economic, and political factors may also impact our operations. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements, as we assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements. For further information, refer to the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 29, 2004.
Contact:
  
Jeffrey A. Blade
Jeff.blade@steaknshake.com
www.steaknshake.com
(317) 633-4100


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20050201155420.txt.gz
TIME:20050201155420
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
[   ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
   
 
[   ] 
   
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[   ] 
   
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[   ] P
   
re-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
ITEM 1.01
   
ENTRY INTO A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT
 
 On January 30, 2005, The Steak n Shake Company (the "Company" or the "Registrant") amended its existing credit agreement. The amended agreement allows the Company to borrow, on a revolving basis, up to $50,000,000, an increase of $20,000,000 in available funding. The amended credit agreement, which was effective on January 30, 2005, will mature on January 30, 2008.
   
 
 The amended credit agreement bears interest at a rate based on LIBOR plus 55 basis points or the lender's prime rate minus 100 basis points, at the election of the Company.
   
 
 
 The amended facility also contains a financial covenant ratio of funded debt to EBITDA, as did the prior agreement.
   
   
 
 
ITEM 2.03
   
CREATION OF A DIRECT FINANCIAL OBLIGATION OR AN OBLIGATION U
NDER AN OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENT OF A
    REGISTRANT
   
   
   
   
 
 See discussion under Item 1.01, which is incorporated under this Item 2.03 by reference.
   
 
ITEM 9.01
   
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS
 
(c)
   
Exhibits
 
 10.1
   
  
  
Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement by and between The Steak n Shake Company
      and Fifth Third Bank, Indiana (Central), dated January 26, 2005.
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 10.2
   
  
  
Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement by and between The Steak n Shake Company
  and Fifth Third Bank, Indiana (Central), dated January 30, 2005.
   
   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Dated: February 1, 2005
THE STEAK n SHAKE COMPANY
   
 
   
   
   
   
 
        
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
By:    
/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
Jeffrey A. Blade, Senior Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer

Exhibit 10.1
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
, an Indiana corporation (the "Company") and
FIFTH THIRD BANK (CENTRAL INDIANA)
,
a Michigan banking corporation, formerly known as Fifth Third Bank, Indiana (Central) (the "Bank"), being parties to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of November 16, 2001, as previously amended (collectively, the "Agreement") agree to further amend the Agreement by this Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement (this "Amendment") as follows.
 
1.
  
DEFINITIONS
. All defined terms used herein not otherwise defined in this Amendment shall have their respective meanings set forth in
      the Agreement.
   
   
   
   
 
2.
   
THE LOAN
. Section 2(a)(iii) of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows:
 
3.
   
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
. In order to induce the Bank to enter into this Amendment, the Company affirms that
   the representations and warranties contained in the Agreement are correct as of the date of this Amendment, except that (i) they shall be
   
   
   
  
   deemed to also refer to this Amendment as well as all documents named herein and, (ii) Section 3(d) of the Agreement shall be deemed
   
   
   
  
   also to refer to the most recent audited and unaudited financial statements of the Company delivered to the Bank.
   
   
   
  
 
4.
   
EVENTS OF DEFAULT
. The Company certifies to the Bank that no Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default under the
   Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, has occurred and is continuing as of the date of this Amendment.
   
   
   
   
 
 
5.
   
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
. As conditions precedent to the effectiveness of this Amendment, the Bank shall have received the
   following contemporaneously with execution and delivery of this Amendment, each duly executed, dated and in form and substance
   
   
   
   
   satisfactory to the Bank:
   
   
   
   
 
6.
   
PRIOR AGREEMENTS
.
The Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, supersedes all previous agreements and commitments
   made or issued by the Bank with respect to the Loans and all other subjects of this Amendment, including, without limitation, any oral or
   
   
   
   
   written proposals which may have been made or issued by the Bank.
   
   
   
   
 
7.
   
EFFECT OF AMENDMENT
.
The provisions contained herein shall serve to supplement and amend the provisions of the Agreement.
   To the extent that the terms of this Amendment conflict with the terms of the Agreement, the provisions of this Amendment shall control
   
   
   
   
    in all respects.
   
   
   
   
 
8.
   
REAFFIRMATION
. Except as expressly amended by this Amendment, all of the terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in
   full force and effect as originally written and as previously amended.
   
   
   
   
 
9.
   
COUNTERPARTS
.
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of
   which when taken together shall be one and the same agreement.
   
   
   
   
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
, the Company and the Bank by their respective duly authorized officers have executed and delivered in Indiana this Fourth Amendment Credit Agreement on January 26, 2005, but with effect as of December 29, 2004.
  
   
   
   
         By:
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
        /s/  Jeffrey A. Blade
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
               Jeffrey A. Blade,
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
                   Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
FIFTH THIRD BANK (CENTRAL INDIANA)
, a Michigan banking corporation

Exhibit 10.2
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
, an Indiana corporation (the "Company") and
FIFTH THIRD BANK (CENTRAL INDIANA)
, a Michigan banking corporation, formerly known as Fifth Third Bank, Indiana (Central) (the "Bank"), being parties to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of November 16, 2001, as previously amended (collectively, the "Agreement") agree to further amend the Agreement by this Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement (this "Amendment") as follows.
 
1.
   
DEFINITIONS
. All defined terms used herein not otherwise defined in this Amendment shall have their respective meanings set forth in
    the Agreement.
   
   
   
   
 
2.
   
THE LOAN
. Section 2(a)(i) and the first sentence of Section 2(a)(ii) of the Agreement are hereby amended and restated in their
    respective entireties as follows:
   
   
   
   
 
3.
   
FINANCIAL COVENANTS
. Section 5(g)(ii) of the Agreement pertaining to the maintenance of a minimum debt service coverage ratio
    is hereby deleted, and Section 5(g)(i) is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows:
   
   
   
   
 
4.
   
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
. In order to induce the Bank to enter into this Amendment, the Company affirms that
    the representations and warranties contained in the Agreement are correct as of the date of this Amendment, except that (i) they shall be
   
   
   
   
    deemed to also refer to this Amendment as well as all documents named herein and, (ii) Section 3(d) of the Agreement shall be deemed
   
   
   
   
    also to refer to the most recent audited and unaudited financial statements of the Company delivered to the Bank.
   
   
   
   
 
5.
   
EVENTS OF DEFAULT
. The Company certifies to the Bank that no Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default under the
    Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, has occurred and is continuing as of the date of this Amendment.
   
   
   
   
 
 
6.
   
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
. As conditions precedent to the effectiveness of this Amendment, the Bank shall have received the
    following contemporaneously with execution and delivery of this Amendment, each duly executed, dated and in form and substance
   
   
   
   
    satisfactory to the Bank:
   
   
   
   
 
7.
   
PRIOR AGREEMENTS
.
The Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, supersedes all previous agreements and commitments
    made or issued by the Bank with respect to the Loans and all other subjects of this Amendment, including, without limitation, any oral or
   
   
   
   
    written proposals which may have been made or issued by the Bank.
   
   
   
   
 
8.
   
EFFECT OF AMENDMENT
.
The provisions contained herein shall serve to supplement and amend the provisions of the Agreement.
    To the extent that the terms of this Amendment conflict with the terms of the Agreement, the provisions of this Amendment shall control
   
   
   
   
    in all respects.
   
   
   
   
 
9.
   
REAFFIRMATION
. Except as expressly amended by this Amendment, all of the terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in
    full force and effect as originally written and as previously amended.
   
   
   
   
 
10.
   
COUNTERPARTS
.
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of
    which when taken together shall be one and the same agreement.
   
   
   
   
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
, the Company and the Bank by their respective duly authorized officers have executed and delivered in Indiana this Fifth Amendment Credit Agreement as of January 30, 2005.
  
   
   
   
         By:
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
        /s/  Jeffrey A. Blade
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
               Jeffrey A. Blade,
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
                   Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
FIFTH THIRD BANK (CENTRAL INDIANA)
, a Michigan banking corporation
 
 
 
 
* Exhibits were omitted from filing.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20050223172627.txt.gz
TIME:20050223172627
EVENTS:	Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
ITEM 3.03
   
MATERIAL MODIFICATION TO RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS
 
On February 23, 2005, the The Steak n Shake Company (the "Company") entered into an amendment to the Rights Agreement, dated as of May 16, 2001, between the Company and Computershare Investor Services, LLC, as Rights Agent (the "Rights Agreement"). The terms of the amendment are set forth in the attached Amendment No. 1 to the Rights Agreement (the "Amendment"). The Amendment provides that the Rights (as defined in the Rights Agreement) will expire on February 23, 2005. A copy of the Amendment is attached hereto as Exhibit 4.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
ITEM 9.01
   
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS
 
 
            (c)  
   
Exhibits.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
Dated: February 23, 2005
THE STEAK n SHAKE COMPANY
 
By:
/s/  
Jeffrey A. Blade
                Jeffrey A. Blade,
        Senior Vice President and
        Chief Financial Officer

 
 This First Amendment to the Rights Agreement between The Steak n Shake Company ("Steak n Shake") and Computershare Investor Services, LLC
   
 as Rights Agent ("Computershare") is dated this 23rd
   
day of February, 2005 under the following terms and conditions:
 
 
 WHEREAS, Steak n Shake and Computershare entered into that certain Rights Agreement dated May 16, 2001, and
   
 
 WHEREAS, Steak n Shake has determined that expediting the termination of the Rights Agreement is in the best interest of the Company and its
   
 shareholders, and
   
 
 WHEREAS, Steak n Shake and Computershare have agreed to amend the Rights Agreement as set forth below.
   
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, parties hereby agree as follows:
   
 
 1. Maintenance of Terms - - All terms and conditions of the Rights Agreement not specifically amended or revised herein shall remain the same and 
   
   
      unchanged.
   
   
 
 2. The definition "Final Expiration Date" contained in Section 1, subparagraph (l) shall be deleted and replaced with the following:
   
   
 
 
 "Final Expiration Date" shall mean the close of business on February 23, 2005.
   
 
 
 The parties agree to the foregoing amendment via their signatures affixed hereto.
   
 
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
 
 By:    
   
/s/ Alan B. Gilman
 
                         Alan B. Gilman, Chairman
 
ATTEST:
 
 
          
   
/s/ David C. Milne
 
                         David C. Milne, Secretary
 
 
COMPUTERSHARE INVESTOR SERVICES
 
By: /s/ Cynthia Nisley
 
Printed: _
Cynthia Nisley
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20050425133509.txt.gz
TIME:20050425133509
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
ITEM 5.02 - DEPARTURE OF DIRECTORS OR PRINCIPAL OFFICERS; ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
On April 20, 2005, Stephen Goldsmith resigned from the Board of Directors of The Steak n Shake Company (the "Company"), effective immediately. Mr. Goldsmith's resignation was due to his acceptance of a position with a private company and not the result of any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company's operations, policies or practices.
The Company's Board, upon the recommendation of the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee, voted to appoint Steven M. Schmidt to fill the vacancy effective as of April 20, 2005, to serve until his successor is elected and qualified. Mr. Schmidt will serve on the Audit Committee and the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee. There are no arrangement or understandings between Mr. Schmidt and any person pursuant to which he was selected as a director, nor are there any transactions between the Company and Mr. Schmidt that are reportable under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.
A copy of a press release issued by the Company with respect to the foregoing changes is filed as an exhibit to this report.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
Dated: April 25, 2005
THE STEAK n SHAKE COMPANY
 
By:
/s/  
Jeffrey A. Blade
                Jeffrey A. Blade,
        Senior Vice President and
        Chief Financial Officer

EXHIBIT 99.1 - PRESS RELEASE DATED APRIL 21, 2005
 
INDIANAPOLIS, IN. April 21, 2005 /PRNewswire -- The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE:
SNS)
announced today that the Companys Board of Directors has elected Steven M. Schmidt to serve on the Board. Mr. Schmidt currently serves as President and Chief Executive Officer of the $2 billion ACNielsen Company, and Executive Vice President of VNU Marketing Information. Prior to his present position, Mr. Schmidt served as President, Americas for VNU Marketing Information. Mr. Schmidt joined ACNielsen in 1995 as President, ACNielsen United States, and was later named President, North America. Prior to his positions with ACNielsen, Mr. Schmidt served as President of Pillsbury Foods' Canadian operations, Vice President of Pillsbury's Frozen Foods Division, and Vice President of Pillsbury's Business Development Department. He previously held positions with Pepsi-Cola and Procter & Gamble. A graduate of Purdue University, Mr. Schmidt is based in New York City.
 
"We are pleased to have a person with Steven Schmidt's broad marketing background join our Board." said Mr. Alan B. Gilman, Chairman of the Board. "Steve will make significant contributions to our business through the application of his substantial experience in marketing and management."
 
The Company also announced that Stephen Goldsmith has resigned as a member of the Company's Board in conjunction with his acceptance of a position with a private company. His resignation is effective today. "We are genuinely sorry to see Mr. Goldsmith leave Steak n Shakes Board." said Mr. Gilman. "While we will miss his acute insights, we certainly support Mr. Goldsmith's acceptance of an opportunity to use his significant talents in what promises to be a challenging new position," he continued.
 
About Steak n Shake
 
Steak n Shake is a full service, casual dining restaurant serving a core menu of its famous Steakburger TM
 sandwiches, thin n crispy french fries, old fashioned hand-dipped milk shakes, chili, home style soups, fresh salads, a variety of desserts and breakfast. All of the food is prepared to the guests order and served by friendly, well-trained associates. Steak n Shake restaurants feature full-service dining areas, counter service and drive-thru windows and are open 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
 
 This press release contains various forward-looking statements that reflect managements expectations or beliefs regarding future events. Investors are cautioned that reliance on these forward-looking statements involves risks and uncertainties. Although the Company believes that the assumptions used in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of these assumptions could prove to be inaccurate and, as a result, the outcome of the forward-looking statements could differ materially. A list of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements are contained in the Companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, such as its annual and quarterly reports.
   


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20050516160321.txt.gz
TIME:20050516160321
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Non-Reliance on Previously Issued Financial Statements or a Related Audit Report or Completed Interim Review	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Non-Reliance on Previously Issued Financial Statements or a Related Audit Report or Completed Interim Review
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ]    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ]    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02. Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
        
    On May 16, 2005, The Steak n Shake Company (the "Registrant" or "Company") issued a Press Release announcing its fiscal year 2005 second quarter results. The Registrant's earnings release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of this report. In addition the press release contained matters discussed under Item 4.02 below.
 
    The Registrant is furnishing the information contained in this report, including the Exhibits, pursuant to Item 2.02 of Form 8-K promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission ("the SEC").  This information shall not be deemed to be "filed" with the SEC or incorporated by reference into any other filing with the SEC.  By filing this report on Form 8-K and furnishing this information, the Registrant makes no admission as to the materiality of any information in this report, including the Exhibits.
 
Item 4.02. Non-Reliance on Previously Issued Financial Statements or a Related Report or Completed Interim Review
In light of the views expressed by the Office of the Chief Accountant of the SEC and following announcements that other restaurant companies were revising their accounting practices for leases, the Company's management conducted a review of its accounting policies applicable to leases, leasehold improvements, rent commencement, deferred rent, and other items. The Company has determined that its accounting for certain leases was not in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ("GAAP"). As a result of this determination, and after consultation with its independent auditors, Deloitte and Touche, LLP, the Company's management recommended to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors that a restatement was necessary. The Audit Committee concluded on May 11, 2005 that the Company will restate its previously filed consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended 2002 through 2004 and for the first quarter of fiscal 2005 to comply with existing interpretations of GAAP. As a result, the annual financial statements ended September 29, 2004, September 24, 2003, and September 25, 2002, contained in the Company's annual report on Form 10-K filed on December 6, 2004, and related reports of its independent registered public accounting firm, and interim financial statements contained in the Company's quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the period ended December 22, 2004 filed on January 28, 2005, should no longer be relied upon.
The Company will restate its prior period financial statements as a result of the following:
Historically, when accounting for ground leases with renewal options, the Company depreciated its buildings over a period of 25 years (estimated economic life of buildings). In certain cases, the term of 25 years included both the initial lease term and certain renewal option periods under the lease. The Company recorded rent expense from the rent commencement date through the initial term of the lease. The Company will restate its financial statements to recognize rent expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term including any additional cancelable option periods where failure to exercise such options would result in a significant economic penalty.
Additionally, the Company had recognized rent expense for its operating leases using a lease term that commenced when rent payments began, which generally coincided with a point in time near the date the Companys restaurants opened. This generally had the effect of excluding the restaurant build-out period (during which the Company typically made no rent payments) from the calculation of the period over which rent was expensed. The Company has determined that, under GAAP, it should have recognized rent expense over a lease term that included the build-out period, which, in most cases, will cause rent expense to be recognized sooner than previously reported. The Company will restate its financial statements to recognize rent expense beginning in the build-out period.
The Company has also determined that certain build-to-suit leases should have been treated as sale leaseback transactions to more fully reflect the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 98, "" and Emerging Issues Task Force 97-10, "". Under an interpretation of the statement, the Company was determined to have continued involvement in the property, which required the proceeds from these build-to-suit leases to have been accounted for as a "finance obligations," reflected as a liability and amortized over the life of the related lease. The related assets should be depreciated over their estimated useful lives. The Company will restate its financial statements to record the lease payments as interest expense and debt repayment, as opposed to rent expense. In addition, the Company will record additional depreciation expense for the related assets.
Accounting for Leases
The Effect of Lessee Involvement in Asset Construction
The total estimated impact of the adjustments reduced the Company's net income for the fiscal years ended September 29, 2004, September 24, 2003, and September 25, 2002 by $71,000, $78,000 and $97,000 respectively. Additionally, beginning retained earnings for the fiscal year ended September 25, 2002 were reduced by $537,000. These estimates are subject to change as the Company's independent registered public accounting firms complete their reviews.
There is no evidence that these adjustments to certain prior period financial statements are attributable to any material non-compliance by the Company, or are a result of any misconduct with any financial reporting requirements under securities laws. The Company expects to amend the Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the year ended September 29, 2004 and the Interim Report on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended December 22, 2004, with the SEC to include any restated financial statements prior to the filing of the second quarter fiscal 2005 Form 10-Q, which is due by May 23, 2005. The Company's Audit Committee has discussed the matters disclosed in this Current Report on Form 8-K pursuant to this Item 4.02 with the Company's independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte & Touche, LLP.
Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
    (c)      Exhibits
 
    99.1    Press Release, dated May 16, 2005, issued by Registrant
 
 
    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
                    THE STEAK n SHAKE COMPANY
   
   
   
   
 
 
                                                                  By:    
/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
        
 
                                                                                  Jeffrey A. Blade,
 
                                                                                  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 
                                                                                  Dated: May 16, 2005
 

INDIANAPOLIS, May 16, 2005/PRNewswire -- The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE:SNS) today announced its revenues and earnings for the second quarter 2005 ended April 13, 2005. These results are presented on a basis consistent with a restatement for lease accounting, which is described below.
Highlights of the fiscal second quarter include:
 
Fiscal Second Quarter 2005 Results
Total revenues for the fiscal second quarter 2005 grew 14.1% to $186.8 million compared to the same quarter last year. The same-store sales increase of 4.3% for Company-owned restaurants during the second quarter marked the ninth consecutive quarter that Steak n Shake has reported positive same store sales.
Net earnings for the fiscal second quarter 2005 were $8.7 million, or $0.31 per diluted share, compared to $8.0 million, or $0.29 per diluted share, in the prior year period. Results for both periods reflect the updated accounting treatment for leases discussed below.
Peter Dunn, President and Chief Executive Officer commented, "Customer acceptance of our new Sippable Sundaes has been strong and contributed to the 4.3% same store sales growth during the quarter. To build on the momentum of this initial launch, we are currently introducing three new flavors of Sippable Sundaes. Although the commodity environment remains challenging, we have locked in beef and dairy costs, which will provide some stability to our cost structure for the remainder of the 2005 fiscal year."
These results are encouraging, especially when considering that same store sales increased 8.7% in the same quarter last year.
 
Mr. Dunn concluded, "During the second quarter we continued to make the necessary investments to prepare for accelerated expansion that we believe will deliver sustained earnings growth over the long-term."
As of April 13, 2005, there were 433 Steak n Shake restaurants operating in 19 states, including 388 Company-owned restaurants and 45 franchised units. During the quarter, the Company opened
4
new restaurants, including 2 locations in Florida, as well as units in Ohio and Texas. In addition, a franchised restaurant opened in Oklahoma.
2005 Guidance
The Company reaffirmed diluted earnings per share guidance for the fiscal year 2005 in the range of $1.08 to $1.11. Same store sales growth is expected to be between 2% to 3%. The Company also reiterated that it anticipates opening between 18 and 24 new Company-owned restaurants in fiscal year 2005 and at least 26 Company-owned restaurants in fiscal year 2006.
Restatement of Prior Periods for Lease Accounting
Based on the views expressed by the Office of the Chief Accountant of the Securities and Exchange Commission regarding various aspects of lease accounting treatment, the Company's management conducted a comprehensive review of its accounting policies applicable to leases, leasehold improvements, rent commencement, deferred rent, and other items. As a result of this review and consultations with its independent auditors, the Company will change the way it accounts for certain leases.
The Company will restate its previously filed consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended September 29, 2004, September 24, 2003, and September 25, 2002, contained in its most recent annual report on Form 10-K and interim financial statements contained in the Company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended December 22, 2004, which should no longer be relied upon.
The Company estimates the cumulative effect of the restatement to fiscal 2002 retained earnings is $537,000, and net earnings will be reduced in fiscal years 2002-2004 by $97,000, $78,000 and $71,000, respectively. The restatement will have no impact on the Company's previously reported cash flows, sales or comparable store sales. These estimates are subject to change as the Company's independent registered public accounting firms complete their review.
Historically, when accounting for ground leases with renewal options, the Company depreciated its buildings over the estimated economic life of the buildings of 25 years. In certain cases, the term of 25 years included both the initial lease term and certain renewal option periods under the lease. The Company recorded rent expense from the rent commencement date through the initial term of the lease. The Company will restate its financial statements to recognize rent expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term including any additional cancelable option periods where failure to exercise such options would result in a significant economic penalty.
Additionally, the Company had recognized rent expense for its operating leases using a lease term that commenced when rent payments began, which generally coincided with a point in time near the date the Companys restaurants opened. This generally had the effect of excluding the restaurant build-out period, during which the Company typically made no rent payments, from the calculation of the period over which rent was expensed. The Company will restate its financial statements to recognize rent expense beginning in the build-out period.
The Company has also determined that certain build-to-suit leases should have been treated as direct financing leases rather than operating leases. The Company will restate its financial statements to record the lease payments as interest expense and debt repayment, as opposed to rent expense. In addition, the Company will record additional depreciation expense for the related assets.
The Company expects to amend its most recent annual and quarterly report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission to include any restated financial statements prior to the filing of the second quarter fiscal 2005 Form 10-Q, which is due by May 23, 2005.
Investor Conference Call and Webcast
The Steak n Shake Company will broadcast its investor conference call live over the Internet at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time, 4:00 p.m. Central Time today. Hosting the call will be Peter Dunn,
President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jeffrey A. Blade, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
Interested investors and other parties may listen to a simultaneous webcast of the conference call by logging onto the Company's website at www.steaknshake.com. The on-line replay will be available for a limited time immediately following the call.
The call can also be accessed live over the phone by dialing (800)-289-0743, or for international callers, (913)-981-5546. A replay will be available one hour after the call and can be accessed by dialing (888)-203-1112, or for international callers, (719)-457-0820 and entering passcode: 5543723. The replay will be available until May 23, 2005.
About Steak n Shake
Steak n Shake is a full service, casual dining restaurant serving a core menu of its famous STEAKBURGER
sandwiches, thin n crispy french fries, old fashioned hand-dipped milk shakes, chili, home style soups, fresh salads, a variety of desserts and breakfast. All of the food is prepared to the guests order and served by friendly, well-trained associates. Steak n Shake restaurants feature fullservice dining areas, counter service and drive-thru windows and are open 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
This press release contains forward-looking information. In general, forward-looking statements include estimates of future revenues, cash flows, capital expenditures, or other financial items, and assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements reflect managements current expectations regarding future events and use words such as "anticipate", "believe", "expect", "may", "will", and other similar terminology. These statements speak only as of the date they were made and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. Several factors, many beyond our control, could cause actual results to differ significantly from our expectations, such as the following: effectiveness of operating initiatives; changes in economic conditions; effectiveness of advertising and marketing initiatives; harsh weather conditions, primarily in the first and second quarters; availability and cost of qualified restaurant personnel; changes in consumer tastes; changes in consumer behavior based on publicity or concerns relating to food safety or food-borne illnesses; effectiveness of our expansion plans; changes in minimum wage rates; changes in food commodity prices; completion of merger or acquisitions and successful integration of those transactions; and changes in applicable accounting policies and practices. The foregoing list of important factors is not intended to be all-inclusive as other general market, industry, economic, and political factors may also impact our operations. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements, as we assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements.
Contact:
 
Jeffrey A. Blade
Jeff.blade@steakns
hake.com
www.steaknshake.com
(317) 633-4100


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20050815160603.txt.gz
TIME:20050815160603
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ]    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ]    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02. Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
        
    On August 15, 2005, The Steak n Shake Company (the "Registrant" or "Company") issued a Press Release announcing its fiscal year 2005 third quarter results. The Registrant's earnings release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of this report.
 
    The Registrant is furnishing the information contained in this report, including the Exhibits, pursuant to Item 2.02 of Form 8-K promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission ("the SEC").  This information shall not be deemed to be "filed" with the SEC or incorporated by reference into any other filing with the SEC.  By filing this report on Form 8-K and furnishing this information, the Registrant makes no admission as to the materiality of any information in this report, including the Exhibits.
 
Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
    (c)      Exhibits
 
    99.1    Press Release, dated August 15, 2005, issued by Registrant
 
 
    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
                    THE STEAK n SHAKE COMPANY
   
   
   
   
 
 
                                                                  By:    
/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
        
 
                                                                                  Jeffrey A. Blade,
 
                                                                                  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 
                                                                                  Dated: August 15, 2005
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
INDIANAPOLIS, August 15, 2005/PRNewswire -- The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE:SNS) today announced its revenues and earnings for the third quarter 2005 ended July 6, 2005.
Highlights of the fiscal third quarter include:
 
Fiscal Third Quarter 2005 Results
Total revenues for the fiscal third quarter 2005 grew 13.2% to $147.9 million compared to the same quarter last year. Same store sales for Company-owned stores increased 2.8% during the quarter (1.4% when adjusted for the impact of the 53
rd
week in fiscal 2004). This marked the tenth consecutive quarter that Steak n Shake has reported positive same store sales. New store expansion increased sales by 4% and the Kelley acquisition increased sales by 6.4%.
Net earnings for the fiscal third quarter 2005 were $7.8 million, or $0.28 per diluted share, compared to $7.4 million, or $0.27 per diluted share, in the prior year period.
Peter Dunn, President and Chief Executive Officer commented, "During the third quarter, we delivered solid operating results with positive same store sales while rolling over very strong sales last year. We remain encouraged, particularly considering the 6.3% and 8.0% increases in same store sales during the same quarter in 2004 and 2003, respectively. We achieved this thanks in part to the introduction of three new flavors of our Sippable Sundaes premium milk shakes. These new shakes also helped increase the size of the average guest check. In addition, stable commodity costs resulting from our strategic decision to lock in key ingredient costs enabled us to leverage our cost of sales."
Mr. Dunn concluded, "As we approach the end of fiscal 2005, we are pleased with the progress that we are achieving. Our ongoing investments to prepare for expansion will ensure that we have the capabilities and infrastructure in place for accelerated unit growth in the future. We are committed to delivering consistent and sustained earnings growth for our shareholders as we realize the full potential of the Steak n Shake brand. "
As of July 6, 2005, there were 438 Steak n Shake restaurants operating in 19 states, including 393 Company-owned restaurants and 45 franchised units. During the quarter, the Company opened
4
new restaurants, including 2 locations in Florida, as well as restaurants in Ohio and Indiana.
First Three Quarters Fiscal
 
2005 Results
For the first three quarters of fiscal year 2005, total revenues increased 12.8% to $461.2 million compared to $408.9 million in the prior year, driven by a same store sales increase for Company-owned units of 4.9% year-to-date. Diluted earnings per share for the first three quarters of the year rose 7.0% to $0.77 versus $0.72 in the prior year.
Fiscal 2005 Guidance
The Company reaffirmed diluted earnings per share guidance for the fiscal year 2005 in the range of $1.08 to $1.11. Same store sales growth is expected to be between 2% to 3%. The Company now anticipates opening approximately 19 new Company-owned restaurants in fiscal year 2005 and at least 26 Company-owned restaurants in fiscal year 2006.
Investor Conference Call and Webcast
The Company will hold a conference call today to discuss fiscal third quarter 2005 results at 5:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) or 4:00 p.m. (Central Time). Hosting the call will be Peter Dunn, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jeffrey A. Blade, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
The call can also be accessed live over the phone by dialing (800) 289-0743, or for international callers, (913) 981-5546. A replay will be available one hour after the call and can be accessed by dialing (888) 203-1112, or for international callers, (719) 457-0820. The passcode for the replay is 2547914. The replay will be available until August 22, 2005.
      Interested investors and other parties may listen to a simultaneous webcast of the conference call by logging onto the Company's website at www.steaknshake.com. The on-
   
                 line replay will be available for a limited time immediately following the call.
 
 
     About Steak n Shake
   
Steak n Shake is a full service, casual dining restaurant serving a core menu of its famous STEAKBURGER
sandwiches, thin n crispy french fries, old fashioned hand-dipped milk shakes, chili, home style soups, fresh salads, a variety of desserts and breakfast. All of the food is prepared to the guests order and served by friendly, well-trained associates. Steak n Shake restaurants feature fullservice dining areas, counter service and drive-thru windows and are open 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
This press release contains forward-looking information. In general, forward-looking statements include estimates of future revenues, cash flows, capital expenditures, or other financial items, and assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements reflect managements current expectations regarding future events and use words such as "anticipate", "believe", "expect", "may", "will", and other similar terminology. These statements speak only as of the date they were made and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. Several factors, many beyond our control, could cause actual results to differ significantly from our expectations, such as the following: effectiveness of operating initiatives; changes in economic conditions; effectiveness of advertising and marketing initiatives; harsh weather conditions, primarily in the first and second quarters; availability and cost of qualified restaurant personnel; changes in consumer tastes; changes in consumer behavior based on publicity or concerns relating to food safety or food-borne illnesses; effectiveness of our expansion plans; changes in minimum wage rates; changes in food commodity prices; completion of merger or acquisitions and successful integration of those transactions; and changes in applicable accounting policies and practices. The foregoing list of important factors is not intended to be all-inclusive as other general market, industry, economic, and political factors may also impact our operations. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements, as we assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements.
Contact:
 
Jeffrey A. Blade
Jeff.blade@steakns
hake.com
www.steaknshake.com
(317) 633-4100


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20050926174056.txt.gz
TIME:20050926174056
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ]    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ]    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
ITEM 1.01 ENTRY INTO A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT
     On September 21, 2005, the Registrants wholly owned subsidiary, Steak n Shake Operations, Inc., ("SNS Operations"), entered into a Multiple Uniform Franchise Agreement (the "Franchise Agreement") (attached as exhibit 10.1), a "Contract for the Sale and Use of Real Estate" (attached as Exhibit 10.2) and a "Personal Property Sales Agreement"(attached as Exhibit 10.3) with Reinwald Enterpises Emory, LLC
, and Reinwald Enterprises Wild Geese
, LLC,
both of which are Indiana Limited Liability Companies (collectively "Franchisee"). Gary T. Reinwald, Executive Vice President of the Registrant, is a member of both Limited Liability Companies, and holds the majority of the equity in Franchisee. The closing of the transactions is scheduled to occur on September 27, 2005.
     Under the Franchise Agreement, Franchisee will operate two existing restaurants, which are currently operated by SNS Operations.
The properties are both located in the Knoxville, Tennessee DMA. Under the Contract for the Sale and Use of Real Estate, SNS Operations will transfer its ownership and leasehold rights in the restaurants to Franchisee. Under the Personal Property and Sales Agreement, SNS Operations will transfer ownership of all personal property located in the restaurants to Franchisee.
     The aggregate consideration to be paid by Franchisee for the Agreements equals $1,800,000. Following the transaction, Franchisee will pay routine continuing franchise, royalty and other fees.
     Copies of the Agreements are filed as exhibits to this report and are incorporated by reference in this form.
ITEM 9.01 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS
 (c) Exhibits
   
 10.1 Multiple Uniform Franchise Agreement
   
 10.2 Contract for the Sale and Use of Real Estate
   
 10.3 Personal Property and Sales Agreement
   
 
            10.4 Assignment and Assumption Agreement
 
    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
                    THE STEAK n SHAKE COMPANY
   
   
   
   
 
 
                                                                  By:    
/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
        
 
                                                                                  Jeffrey A. Blade,
 
                                                                                  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 
                                                                                  Dated: September 26, 2005
 
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 10.1
 
310 Wild Geese Road
Knoxville, TN
500 East Emory Road
Powell, TN
STEAK N SHAKE OPERATIONS, INC.
MULTIPLE UNIT FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Recitals
Terms of Agreement
SECTION 1. GRANT OF FRANCHISE
1.01.
 
Exclusive Grant
1.02.
 
Additional Restaurants
1.03.
 
Franchisee Obligations
1.04.
 
Operating Manager's Duties
1.05.
 
Company Services
SECTION 2. TERM AND RENEWAL
2.01.
 
Term
2.02.
 
Renewal
SECTION 3. RESTAURANT PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
3.01.
 
Transfer of Personal and Real Property Interests
3.02.
 
Construction of Restaurant
3.03.
 
Installation of Equipment and Furnishings
3.04.
 
Maintenance and Renovation of the Restaurant
Property, Equipment and Furnishings
3.05.
 
Purchase of Non Approved Equipment and Furnishings
3.06.
 
Eminent Domain
SECTION 4.
 
SUPPLIES, FOOD PRODUCTS, RECIPE ITEMS
AND UNIFORMS
4.01.
 
Use of Food Supplies and Other Items
4.02.
 
Samples
4.03.
 
Suppliers of Food Supplies and Other Items
4.04.
 
Uniforms
SECTION 5. OPERATING STANDARDS
5.01.
 
Operational Standards
 
                5.02.  Operating Hours
 
5.03.
 
Employee Lease Agreement
5.04.
 
Training
5.05.
 
Continuing Services
SECTION 6. FEES AND ADVERTISING EXPENDITURES
6.01.
 
Initial Franchise and Royalty Fee
6.02.
 
Advertising and Marketing Expenditures
6.03.
 
Definition of Gross Receipts
6.04.
 
Interest on Late Payments
6.05.
 
Credit Cards and Other
Methods of Payment
6.06.
 
Vending Machines
6.07.
 
Fees Non-Refundable
6.08.
 
Payment By Electronic Transfer
SECTION 7. ADVERTISING
7.01.
 
Origination and Approval of Advertising
7.02.
 
Advertising Agency
SECTION 8. BOOKS, RECORDS AND CONTROL PROCEDURES
8.01.
 
Reports
8.02.
 
Marketing Information
8.03.
 
Records of Franchisee
8.04.
 
Inspection of Franchisee's Records
8.05.
 
Company Provided Accounting Services
SECTION 9. INSURANCE AND INDEMNITY
9.01.
 
Indemnity
9.02.
 
Franchisee's Insurance
9.03.
 
Evidence of Insurance
9.04.
 
Notice
9.05.
 
Additional Insured
SECTION 10.
 
LIMITATION AND USE OF PROPRIETARY MARKS
AND TRADE SECRETS
10.01. Proprietary Marks And Trade Secrets
10.02. Limitation on Franchisee's Use of Marks
10.03. Notification of Infringements and Claims
10.04. Indemnification of Franchisee/Discontinuance of Use of Marks
10.05. Non-Disclosure of Trade Secrets and Confidential Information
10.06. Survival
SECTION 11. TERMINATION
11.01. Termination of the Franchise Agreement
11.02.
 
Effect of Any Termination, Cancellation or
Expiration of this Agreement
11.03. [INTENTIONALLY DELETED]
SECTION 12. COVENANT NOT TO COMPETE
SECTION 13. ASSIGNMENTS
13.01. Assignment by the Company
13.02. Assignment by Franchisee
13.03. The Companys Right of First Refusal
SECTION 14. GENERAL PROVISIONS
14.01. Improvements to System
14.02. Severability
14.03. Franchisee Independent Contractor /Disclosure Thereof
14.04. Section and Subsection Titles
14.05. Entire Agreement
14.06. Number and Gender
14.07. Obligations of Interested Parties
14.08. Written Approval, Waiver and Non-Waiver
14.09. Notices
14.10. Designated Agent of Franchisee
14.11. Specific Performance
14.12. Venue/Dispute Resolution
14.13. Costs and Attorneys' Fees
14.14. Interference with Employment Relations
14.15. Acknowledgment of Differing Terms
14.16. Acknowledgment of No Promises
14.17. Governing Law
SIGNATURE PAGE
SCHEDULE 1
MULTIPLE UNIT FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
THIS MULTIPLE UNIT FRANCHISE AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is made and entered into this 21st day of September, 2005, ("Effective Date") by and among STEAK N SHAKE OPERATIONS, INC., an Indiana corporation, with its principal office at 500 Century Building, 36 South Pennsylvania Street, Indianapolis, Indiana 46204 (the "Company") and
Reinwald Enterprises Emory, LLC
,an Indiana limited liability company, and
Reinwald Enterprises Wild Geese, LLC,
an Indiana limited liability company, both having their principal offices at 9948 Ridge Drive, Indianapolis, Indiana 46256 or its Permitted Assigns (as that term is defined in Section 13.2 hereof) (collectively, the "Franchisee").
Recitals
The Company has created and developed a unique restaurant concept, including buildings with a distinctive architectural design, decorative color scheme and trade dress, and has standardized methods of preparing and serving certain food products and beverages for on-premises and off-premises consumption in manuals and other materials of the Company (the "Operating Standards Manual") as issued and revised from time to time (hereinafter collectively referred to as the "System"). Such restaurants are operated with uniform formats, systems, methods, procedures and designs and are known as "STEAK N SHAKE" Restaurants. The Company believes that the reputation and goodwill of STEAK N SHAKE Restaurants are based upon, and can be maintained only by, the sale of distinctive, high quality products and services.
The Company is duly licensed to use and promote certain proprietary trademarks, service marks, trade dress and other commercial symbols, including "STEAK N SHAKE", the "WINGED LOGO", "TAKHOMASAK", "IN SIGHT IT MUST BE RIGHT", "FAMOUS FOR STEAKBURGERS", and related logos (the "Marks"). The Company has experience and Know-How (as defined herein) in the operation of STEAK N SHAKE Restaurants and can provide assistance and guidance in connection therewith.
The Company grants franchises to own and operate STEAK N SHAKE Restaurants to persons who meet the Company's qualifications and are willing to undertake the investment and effort to establish and develop a STEAK N SHAKE Restaurant in accordance with the System.
Franchisee acknowledges that he has conducted an independent investigation of the business contemplated by this Agreement and recognizes that it involves business risks which make the success of the venture largely dependent upon the business abilities of Franchisee.
Franchisee has applied for a franchise to own and assume operations at two existing STEAK N SHAKE Restaurants at the locations identified in Section 1.01 hereof and such application has been approved by the Company in reliance upon all of the representations made by the Franchisee.
 
Terms of Agreement
Company and Franchisee hereby agree as follows:
 
SECTION 1.
GRANT OF FRANCHISE
1.01.
Exclusive Grant
. This franchise (hereinafter sometimes referred to as the "Franchise") is being granted based on the application, financial statements and other documents submitted by Franchisee to the Company prior to the execution hereof, and Franchisee represents and warrants:
 
Subject to the conditions of this Agreement and the continuing faithful performance by Franchisee hereunder, the Company grants to Franchisee, for and during the term hereof, the right, license and privilege: (1) to operate the following STEAK N SHAKE Restaurants: 310 Wild Geese Road, Knoxville, Tennessee (being sometimes referred to individually as the "Knoxville Restaurant") and the Restaurant at 500 East Emory Road, Powell, Tennessee (being sometimes referred to individually as the "Powell Restaurant"; the Knoxville Restaurant and Powell Restaurant being sometimes collectively referred to as the "Restaurants"); (2) to use the Marks licensed to the Company as are now or may hereafter be specifically designated by the Company in writing for use only with the System; (3) to offer for sale all of the (and only the) food and beverage products designated by the Company and sold therein (as they may be changed, improved, and further developed from time to time); and (4) to indicate to the public that Franchisee's Restaurants are operated as a part of the System. During the term of this Agreement, the Company shall not own or operate a STEAK N SHAKE Restaurant, and shall not grant to any third party a franchise to operate a Steak n Shake restaurant at any location within the geographical area described or to be determined and described in
Schedule 1
(the "Exclusive Territory"). Nothing contained herein shall limit the right of the Company to sell directly or through third parties any products, provided that the items sold by the Company are either packaged or bottled and sold for preparation and/or consumption off the selling premises.
1.02.
Additional Restaurants
. Franchisee understands that the Company and its affiliated corporations currently operate and/or franchise, and may in the future operate and/or franchise, restaurants and food establishments other than STEAK N SHAKE Restaurants, and Franchisee agrees that the Company and/or any related entity may do so within the Exclusive Territory, provided that such restaurants and food establishments do not feature ground beef sandwiches as a primary product and do not utilize the following or similar names or trade names: "STEAK N SHAKE", "TAKHOMASAK, "IN SIGHT IT MUST BE RIGHT", and "FAMOUS FOR STEAKBURGERS". Franchisee further agrees that this franchise relates solely to and is limited to the Restaurant locations described herein, and affords Franchisee no right, title or interest in additional franchises to be operated at any other location (subject to relocation of the Restaurant as permitted under
Section 3.01
).
Neither this Agreement nor the franchise issued hereunder obligates the Company in any way to seek, issue, or allow the purchase of any additional franchises by Franchisee or others.
 
1.03.
Franchisee Obligations
. Franchisee agrees to diligently use its best efforts to develop and operate the business franchised herein and to promote the interest of the System for the term of this Agreement and any renewal thereof. Franchisee accepts the grant of this franchise and agrees to maintain and operate its STEAK N SHAKE Restaurants only at the locations described or to be approved by the Company and described in
Schedule 1
hereof in accordance with the Company's plans, specifications and procedures as set forth in the Operating Standards Manual and other applicable publications of the Company, as revised from time to time, and the terms of this Agreement. Franchisee agrees to use the franchised facility only for the purpose designated in this Franchise Agreement.
Franchisee acknowledges that maintaining uniformity in every component of the operation of the System is essential to the success of the entire chain of STEAK N SHAKE Restaurants, including a designated menu; uniformity of food and beverage specifications, preparation methods, quality and appearance; and uniformity of facilities and service. Franchisee agrees to comply with the entire System, as revised from time to time by the Company.
1.04.
Operating Manager's Duties
. At all times during this Agreement, Franchisee's manager in charge of operations for the Restaurant will have attended and successfully completed the prescribed manager training program of Company and all subsequent manager training, refresher and retraining programs offered from time to time by Company pursuant to
Section 5.03
of this Agreement. The manager will be a full-time manager on the premises or with reasonable availability to the premises at all times to carry out the manager's day-to-day responsibilities. The manager will refrain from operational or management commitments in other businesses (except other STEAK N SHAKE Restaurants operated under franchises granted by the Company) which would in any way affect the management duties required hereunder.
1.05.
Company Services
. The Company agrees to provide to Franchisee the following materials, benefits and services, all as hereinafter more fully set forth:
 
 
SECTION 2.
TERM AND RENEWAL
2.01.
Term
. Unless sooner terminated as hereinafter provided, this Franchise Agreement shall extend for a term commencing thirty (30) days from the date of this Agreement, but no later than September 28, 2005 ("Franchise Date") and ending on the twentieth (20th) anniversary of such date. If the premises of the Restaurant are leased by Franchisee, the term of the agreement shall be co-extensive with the shorter of (i) the initial term of the lease or (ii) the term as hereinabove set forth.
2.02.
Renewal
. If all of the following criteria are satisfied, Franchisee may renew this Franchise to use the System and Marks at the Restaurant for one additional term equal to the term in the Company's standard form of Unit Franchise Agreement as it exists on the renewal date:
SECTION 3.
RESTAURANT PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
All of the Companys right, title and interest in those contracts for outdoor advertising in existence at the date of the Franchise, as set forth on Exhibit D, will be assigned to Franchisee by the Company and the Franchisee agrees to assume all obligations thereunder. Franchisee agrees to execute any documentation necessary to provide for such an assignment.Franchisee may relocate the Restaurants to a new location approved by the Company based upon a review of various factors, such as the success of the Restaurant at its then-current location, and the demographics (including number of households and traffic patterns) relating to the proposed new location. Any such relocation will be at Franchisee's sole expense. The Company may charge Franchisee for reimbursement of all of the Company's costs and expenses in connection with such relocation.
 
3.02.
Casualty
.
In the event either Restaurant is damaged or rendered totally or partially untenantable by fire or other casualty, Franchisee shall, within thirty (30) days, initiate repairs to the Restaurant property and diligently pursue the completion of such repairs in order to restore the Restaurant property to its former condition prior to the casualty within a reasonable time, not to exceed six (6) months after the date of the fire or casualty, which time period may be extended for delays resulting from acts of God, force majeure and other causes beyond the reasonable control of Franchisee, provided Franchisee continues to diligently pursue the completion of such repairs. If, in the Company's reasonable judgment, the damage or destruction is so extensive that substantial cost and effort will be expended in restoring the Restaurant property, the Company may require Franchisee, by giving written notice thereof, to restore the Restaurant property in conformance with the then standard STEAK N SHAKE Restaurant decor specifications. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Franchisee shall not be required to repair or restore the Restaurant property if such damage occurs during the final year of the Franchise unless the Company agrees to extend the Franchise pursuant to
Section 2.02
. Franchisee shall be solely responsible for the cost associated with restoring the Restaurant property.
3.03.
Use of Equipment and Furnishings
. Franchisee shall:
3.04.
Maintenance and Renovation of the Restaurant Property, Equipment and Furnishings
.
3.05.
Purchase of Non Approved Equipment and Furnishings
. If Franchisee desires to purchase or install any item that has not been specifically approved by the Company, or to purchase an item of equipment manufactured to the Companys specifications from a supplier that has not been pre-approved by the Company, Franchisee shall submit to the Company a written request for approval of such item or supplier. The Company shall have the right to require, among other things, that a sample of the item to be delivered or manufactured be made available in a manner acceptable to the Company or to an independent certified laboratory designated by the Company for testing prior to acting on the request for approval. All costs and expenses related to such testing and evaluation shall be paid to the Company by Franchisee. The Company shall not be liable for any damage to sample items which may result from the testing process. The Company reserves the right to retest any items previously approved by it and may revoke any prior approval if the item fails to continue to meet the Company's standards and specifications. If the Company revokes the approval of any item or any supplier in writing or in the New Store Construction Manual, Franchisee shall not thereafter purchase such item from the supplier or use such item in connection with the operation of the Restaurant.
3.06.
Eminent Domain
. If during the term of this Agreement, the Restaurant property shall be taken for any public use by an exercise of eminent domain, condemnation or by purchase under the threat of such power (hereinafter referred to the "Proceeding"), either party to this Agreement may elect to continue the Franchise under the terms of this Agreement at a new Restaurant location. However, such new Restaurant location must be approved by the Company within six (6) months of the "completion of" the Proceeding, and the location set out in a new
Schedule 1
, to be attached hereto and made a part hereof. Approval of the location for the new Restaurant is within the sole discretion of the Company, which shall not be unreasonably withheld.
The right to elect to continue the Franchise at a new Restaurant location may be exercised by either party only if there is a total taking of the Restaurant property or a Material Partial Taking of the Restaurant property. For purposes of this Agreement, "Material Partial Taking" is the taking of any portion of the restaurant building, the loss of twenty percent (20%) or more of the parking area or number of parking spaces on the Restaurant property or the loss of drive-thru facilities on the Restaurant property. Regardless of the provisions set forth above, if any Proceeding occurs after the tenth (10th) anniversary of this Agreement, then both parties must agree in writing to continue the Franchise and the terms of this Agreement. In the event the Proceeding results in less than a total or Material Partial Taking, Franchisee agrees to repair or restore any damage to the Restaurant property in the manner set forth for fire and casualty losses in
Section 3.02
herein.
 
 
SECTION 4.
SUPPLIES, FOOD PRODUCTS, RECIPE ITEMS AND UNIFORMS
4.01.
Use of Food Supplies and Other Items
. Franchisee agrees:
4.02.
Samples
. Franchisee further agrees to permit the Company or its agents, at any reasonable time, to remove from the Restaurants certain samples of any inventory items, without payment therefor, in amounts reasonably necessary for testing by the Company or an independent certified laboratory to determine whether the samples meet the Company's then-current standards and specifications.
4.03.
Suppliers of Food Supplies and Other Items
. Franchisee will purchase approved food products and other items only from sources approved by the Company (which may include the Company and/or its affiliates). The Company may from time to time modify the list of approved items, brands and suppliers, and Franchisee shall not, after receipt in writing of such modification, reorder any item or brand or reorder from any supplier which is no longer approved. If Franchisee proposes to use or serve any food or beverage item or other ingredient or proposes to use any item, brand or supplier which is not approved at that time, it shall first notify the Company and submit sufficient information, specifications and samples concerning such item, brand or supplier for a determination by the Company whether such item or brand complies with the Company's specifications and standards and whether such supplier meets the Company's approved supplier criteria. The Company shall, within a reasonable time, notify Franchisee whether or not such proposed item, brand or supplier is approved. The Company shall approve such proposed item, brand or supplier, if in the Company's sole judgment and discretion, it is satisfied that the proposed item, brand or supplier meets the Company's specifications, standards and requirements. The Franchisee will reimburse the Company for the costs and expenses relating to the testing, research and investigation of proposed items, brands or suppliers. Notwithstanding the above, the Company shall not be obligated to approve more than a reasonable number of suppliers or products used or served by the Restaurant.
4.04.
Uniforms
. Franchisee shall purchase and use uniforms and costumes for its employees which conform strictly to the specifications, design and style of the Company existing from time to time, as required in the Operating Standards Manual or other-wise in writing.
 
SECTION 5.
OPERATING STANDARDS
.
5.01.
Operational Standards
.
5.02.
Operating Hours
. During the term of this Agreement, Franchisee shall be open and in normal operation for twenty-four hours per day, seven days per week, or such other minimum hours and days as the Company may from time to time reasonably prescribe in writing.
5.03.
 
Employee Lease Agreement
.
 
 
(b)
 
The Company shall lease to Franchisee such properly skilled and qualified Temporary Employees as Franchisee may require to perform service for, and under the direct supervision of Franchisee. The parties acknowledge that the relationship created by this Section 5.03 is one of a temporary help arrangement and does not create an employee leasing or professional employer organization.
 
(c)
 
In
 
consideration for the Companys agreement to lease the Temporary Employees to Franchisee pursuant to this Section 5.03, Franchisee agrees to pay the Company a fee equal to the actual weekly payroll and benefits charges incurred by the Company for the services of the Temporary Employees plus an administrative fee of one percent (1%) of the actual weekly payroll and benefits charges incurred by the Company for the services of the Temporary Employees ("Employee Fee"). The Company shall submit its invoices to Franchisee on a weekly basis, itemizing all charges comprising the Employee Fee; Franchisee agrees to pay the Employee Fee without deduction or set-off, within five (5) days of its receipt of the invoices. The parties agree that the Employee Fee may be increased during the Term should any costs beyond the control of the Company be increased, including, but not limited to, payroll taxes and related wage-based taxes.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Company shall provide Temporary Employees that possess qualifications specified by Franchisee and shall replace any Temporary Employee that fails to meet Franchisees qualifications, provided however that the employees working at the Restaurants as of the Effective Date, shall be deemed qualified unless Franchisee otherwise indicates in writing to the Company prior to the Franchise Date.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5.04.
Training
.
 
5.05.
Continuing Services
. The Company will:
SECTION 6.
FEES AND ADVERTISING EXPENDITURES
.
6.01.
Initial Franchise and Royalty Fee
.
6.02.
Advertising and Marketing Expenditures
. Franchisee understands and hereby acknowledges that advertising, marketing and promotional activities are essential to the furtherance of the goodwill and public image of the Company and the success of the business franchised hereunder, and agrees as follows:
6.03.
Definition of Gross Receipts
. "Gross Receipts" for purposes herein shall mean and include the total actual gross charges for all food, beverages, services (including service charges in lieu of gratuities) and other products and services sold to customers of the Restaurant, for cash or credit, regardless of whether or not such sales are made from the premises of the Restaurant or any other location. Excluded from Gross Receipts are sales, use, service or excise taxes collected from customers and paid to the appropriate taxing authority, customer refunds and adjustments, employee discounts and proceeds from vending machine sales for newspapers and pay telephones.
6.04.
Interest on Late Payments
. All royalty fees, service fees, advertising contributions, amounts due for purchases from the Company or its affiliates and other amounts which Franchisee owes to the Company or its affiliates shall bear interest after the due date at the lesser of the highest legal rate permissible or 18 percent (18%) per annum. Franchisee acknowledges that this
Section 6.04
shall not constitute the Company's agreement to accept such payments after same are due or a commitment by the Company to extend credit to, or otherwise finance, Franchisee's operation of the Restaurant. Further, Franchisee acknowledges that its failure to pay all amounts when due shall constitute grounds for termination of this Agreement as provided in
Section 11
, notwithstanding the provisions of this
Section 6.04
.
6.05.
Credit Cards and Other Methods of Payment
. Franchisee shall make arrangements with the suppliers or sponsors of such credit cards, check verification services or electronic funds transfer systems for such services as the Company may designate from time to time in order that the Restaurant may accept customers credit cards, checks, gift cards or other methods of payment.
6.06.
Vending Machines
. No vending machines, video games, jukeboxes, gum or candy machines, pinball machines, rides or other mechanical devices (other than pay telephones and newspaper vending machines), in addition to those (if any) already installed in the Restaurants, shall be installed or operated on the Restaurant property without the Company's prior written consent.
6.07.
Fees Non-Refundable
. All fees and other amounts payable to the Company under this Agreement are non-refundable, except for a portion of the Initial Fee as described in Section 6.01(a).
6.08.
Payment By Electronic Transfer
. The Company reserves the right to require Franchisee to pay amounts due to the Company under this
Section 6
via electronic transfer.
 
SECTION 7.
ADVERTISING
.
7.01.
Origination and Approval of Advertising
.
7.02.
Advertising Agency
. The Company shall have the right to delegate its responsibilities and duties hereunder to an advertising agency or any designee(s) of its choosing, provided that the right of final approval of all advertising programs shall be retained at all times by the Company.
 
SECTION 8.
BOOKS, RECORDS AND CONTROL PROCEDURES
.
8.01.
Reports
. On an annual basis within sixty (60) days of the end of Franchisees fiscal year, Franchisee shall submit to the Company a statement of earnings and a balance sheet, current as of the end of the last fiscal year, with respect to the operation of all the Restaurants operated by Franchisee, including the Restaurants franchised hereunder. In addition, Franchisee shall submit to the Company, for review or auditing, such information, forms, reports and records, with respect to operation of the Restaurants franchised hereunder, as the Company may reasonably designate, in the form and at the times and places reasonably required by the Company. The Company may, at its option, gather financial and operating information from the electronic point of sale system and computer system at the Restaurant by electronic transfer.
8.02.
Marketing Information
. The Company shall have the right from time to time to require Franchisee to furnish requested marketing information based on Franchisee's records, which information will be used by the Company in making surveys and analysis designed to benefit and improve the System, business and operating results of all STEAK N SHAKE Restaurants. Franchisee, upon reasonable request, shall promptly furnish such information to the Company or its designee(s).
8.03.
Records of Franchisee
. Franchisee agrees to maintain and preserve, during the term of this Agreement, full, complete and accurate books, records and accounts relative to the operation of the Restaurant in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Such records shall be retained for at least three (3) years from the dates thereof and in the form and manner prescribed by the Company from time to time.
8.04.
Inspection of Franchisee's Records
.
8.05.
Company Provided Accounting Services
. If Franchisee requests the Company in writing to perform the accounting services discussed in this Section 8 and more particularly described in 8.05(b) herein, the Company will provide the same procedure for a fee ("Accounting Services Fee"); according to the following:
SECTION 9.
INSURANCE AND INDEMNITY
.
9.01.
Indemnity
. Franchisee agrees to indemnify and save the Company, its parent company, subsidiaries, affiliates, stockholders, directors, officers, employees, agents and assignees, harmless from liability for any and all debts, obligations, damages, claims, demands, actions, suits, proceedings or judgments of any kind or nature, arising directly or indirectly from, as a result of, or otherwise in connection with, or alleged to be in connection with, Franchisee's operation of the Restaurant. Franchisee will pay any costs arising therefrom, including without limitation, reasonable accountant's and attorney's fees, expert witness fees, court costs and other expenses of defending against them. At the election of Company, Franchisee shall defend the Company at Franchisee's sole cost and expense in any such suits, actions or proceedings in which Company is joined as a party thereto, including any such suit, action or proceeding alleging liability by the Company. The Company shall also have the right to defend any such claim itself and to be reimbursed by the Franchisee for the cost of such defense.
9.02.
Franchisee's Insurance
.
9.03.
Evidence of Insurance
. Franchisee shall deliver or cause to be delivered an ACORD 25 form to evidence the insurance required by Section 9.02 (a)(i) and an ACORD 27 form to evidence the insurance required by Section 9.02 (a)(iii) to the Company prior to commencement of the term of this Agreement upon renewal of such policies. Franchisee shall also deliver to the Company evidence of payment of all insurance premiums at any time upon written request of the Company.
9.04.
Notice
. All insurance policies shall provide for (a) written notice to the Company of any cancellation, termination, nonrenewal or material alteration thereunder thirty (30) days prior to such termination, nonrenewal or alteration of coverage and (b) the Company's right to cure any default in the payment of premiums within ten (10) days after written notice of such default. The Company shall not have any duty to cure such default; provided, however, that if the Company does cure such default, the Company shall have the right to charge Franchisee all costs and expenses of curing such default, which charges shall be payable by Franchisee immediately upon notice, subject to the provisions of
Section 6.04
herein.
 
SECTION 10.
LIMITATION AND USE OF PROPRIETARY MARKS AND TRADE SECRETS
.
10.01.
Proprietary Marks and Trade Secrets
. Franchisee acknowledges that the Company owns or controls the rights in the Marks, trade secrets, trade dress, Operating Standards Manual, instruction manuals and goodwill associated therewith, all of which are licensed or sublicensed on a non-exclusive basis to Franchisee pursuant to this Agreement. Franchisee's right to use the Marks, trade secrets, trade dress, Operating Standards Manual and instruction manuals is derived solely from this Agreement and is limited to the conduct of its Restaurant business pursuant to and in compliance with this Agreement and all applicable standards, specifications and operating procedures prescribed by the Company from time to time during the term of the Franchise. Any unauthorized use of the Marks or any colorable imitations thereof or confusingly similar marks or names, or trade secrets or trade dress by Franchisee shall constitute an infringement of the rights of the Company in the Marks, trade secrets and trade dress. Franchisee agrees that all usage by Franchisee of the Marks, trade dress and System, and any goodwill established thereby, shall inure to the exclusive benefit of the Company. Franchisee acknowledges that this Agreement does not confer any goodwill or other interests in the Marks and System upon Franchisee other than stated in this Section 10.
10.02.
Limitation on Franchisee's Use of Marks
. Franchisee agrees to use the Marks as the sole identification of the Restaurant, provided that Franchisee may identify itself as the independent owner thereof in the manner reasonably prescribed by the Company. Franchisee shall not use any Mark or colorable imitations thereof or confusingly similar name as part of any corporate or trade name or in the name of any bank account. Franchisee may not use any Mark in connection with the sale of any unauthorized product or service or in any other manner not expressly authorized in writing by the Company. Franchisee agrees to display the Marks prominently and in the manner prescribed by the Company on, or in connection with, exterior and interior signs, menus, in-store posters and displays and other forms and packaging materials designated by the Company. Further, Franchisee agrees to obtain such fictitious or assumed name registrations as may be required under applicable law. Franchisee shall not, in any manner, authorize or purport to authorize another to use the Marks. Franchisee shall not establish any internet, world wide web ("WWW"), or uniform resource locator ("URL") addresses, sites, or pages for the STEAK N SHAKE Restaurant or that use the Marks without the prior written consent of the Company, which consent may be withheld in the Companys sole judgment.
10.03.
Notification of Infringements and Claims
. Franchisee shall notify the Company immediately of any apparent infringement of or challenge to Franchisee's use of any Mark, or claim by any person of any right in any Mark or the copyrighted Operating Standards Manual, and Franchisee shall not communicate with any person other than the Company and its counsel in connection with any such infringement, challenge or claim. The Company shall have sole discretion to take such action as it deems appropriate and the right to exclusively control any litigation, U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or Copyright Office proceeding or other administrative proceeding arising out of any such infringement, challenge or claim or otherwise relating to any Mark or the copyrighted Operating Standards Manual. Franchisee agrees to execute and deliver any and all instruments and documents which, in the opinion of the Company's counsel, are necessary or advisable to protect and maintain the interests of the Company in any such litigation or administrative proceeding or to otherwise protect and maintain the interests of the Company in the Marks or the copyrighted Operating Standards Manual.
10.04.
Indemnification of Franchisee/Discontinuance of Use of Marks
. The Company agrees to indemnify Franchisee against, and to reimburse Franchisee for, any damages for which Franchisee is held liable in any proceeding arising out of its use of any Mark or the copyrighted Operating Standards Manual pursuant to and in compliance with this Agreement. All costs reasonably incurred by Franchisee in the defense of any such claim brought against it in any such proceeding in which Franchisee is named as a party, including court costs, attorney's fees and other reasonable litigation expenses shall be reimbursed by the Company, provided that Franchisee has timely notified the Company of such claim or proceeding and has otherwise complied with this Agreement. If it becomes advisable at any time, in the Company's sole discretion, for the Company and/or Franchisee to modify or discontinue use of any Mark or the copyrighted Operating Standards Manual, and/or use one or more additional, substitute trademarks or service marks or materials, Franchisee agrees to comply therewith within a reasonable time after notice thereof by the Company, at the Franchisee's expense.
 
10.05.
Non-Disclosure of Trade Secrets and Confidential Information
.
10.06.
Survival
. The covenants set forth in this
Section 10
shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement.
 
SECTION 11.
TERMINATION
.
11.01.
Termination of the Franchise Agreement
. The Company may terminate this Agreement only for good cause.
11.02.
Effect of Any Termination, Cancellation or Expiration of this Agreement
.
11.03.
[INTENTIONALLY DELETED]
.
SECTION 12.
COVENANT NOT TO COMPETE
.
If, prior to its expiration, the Franchise is terminated by the Company in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement or by Franchisee without cause, Franchisee agrees that for a period of one (1) year, commencing on the effective date of termination, or the date on which Franchisee ceases to conduct business pursuant to this Agreement, whichever is later, Franchisee will not have any interest as an owner, investor, partner, director, officer, employee, consultant, representative or agent, or in any other capacity, in any restaurant located within the Exclusive Territory described in
Schedule 1
which offers fast service or full service meals which feature ground beef sandwiches as a principal product; provided, however, that this restriction shall not apply to other STEAK N SHAKE Restaurants operated under franchise agreements heretofore or hereafter entered into with the Company, or to ownership of securities that are publicly traded representing five percent (5%) or less of the equity or voting power thereof. Nothing in the foregoing shall be construed as terminating Gary T. Reinwalds employment by the Company, or in the event that Gary T. Reinwald retires from the Company during the term of this Agreement, prohibiting Gary T. Reinwalds future employment with the Company, in the event this Agreement is terminated.
 
SECTION 13.
ASSIGNMENTS
.
13.01.
Assignment by the Company
. The Company may make a good faith assignment of its interests under this Agreement upon written notice to Franchisee, and, upon the acceptance by the assignee of all the obligations of the Company hereunder, the Company will have no further obligations thereafter.
In the event of the death of an interest holder of Franchisee, the Company shall consent to the transfer of such interest to decedent's surviving spouse, heirs or estate, whether such transfer is made by will or by operation of law, within six months of the death of the interest holder of Franchisee, provided that the surviving spouse, heirs or estate maintain all standards of the System and agree, in writing, to be bound by all the terms and provisions of this Agreement.
 
The Company's consent to a transfer of any interest subject to the restrictions of this Section shall not constitute a waiver of any claims it may have against the assignor, nor shall it be deemed a waiver of the Company's right to demand exact compliance with any of the terms of this Agreement by the assignee.
13.03
 
The Companys Right of First Refusal.
If Franchisee or its owner(s) shall at any time determine to sell the Franchise to any third party, Franchisee or its owner(s) shall obtain a bona fide, executed written offer from a responsible and fully disclosed purchaser and shall submit an exact copy of such offer to the Company. The Company shall have the option, exercisable by written notice delivered to Franchisee or its owner(s) thirty (30) days from the date of delivery of such offer to the Company, to purchase such interest in the Restaurant or such ownership interest in Franchisee for the price and on the terms and conditions contained in such offer, provided that the Company may substitute cash for any other form of payment proposed in such offer and shall have not less than thirty (30) days from the date of the exercise its option to prepare for closing. Any change in the terms of an offer prior to closing shall constitute a new offer that is subject to the same right of first refusal by the Company as in the case of an initial offer. The failure of the Company to exercise the option afforded by this
Section 13.03
shall not constitute a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, including any of the requirements of this Section with respect to the proposed transfer, or of its right of first refusal with respect to any subsequent offer.
 
SECTION 14.
GENERAL PROVISIONS.
14.01
Improvements to System
. Any and all improvements in the System developed by Franchisee, the Company or other Franchisees, shall be and become the sole and absolute property of the Company, and the Company may incorporate the same in the System and shall have the sole and exclusive right to copyright, patent, register and protect such improvements in the Company's own name to the exclusion of Franchisee, whose right to use such improvements are limited to its right as a Franchisee hereunder.
14.02
  
Severability
. Except as expressly provided, each section, part, term or provision of this Agreement shall be considered severable. If, for any reason, any section, part, term or provision herein is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, such determination shall not impair the operation or affect such other portions, sections, parts, terms or provisions of this Agreement as may remain otherwise intelligible, and the latter will continue to be given full force and effect and bind the parties hereto.
14.03
Franchisee Independent Contractor /Disclosure Thereof
.
 
14.04.
Section and Subsection Titles
. Section and Subsection titles are used for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or construction of any provision hereof.
14.05
Entire Agreement
. The recitals to this Agreement are hereby incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement, which, together with Schedule 1, Exhibits A, B and C and any addendum hereto, constitute the entire agreement of the parties (and which supersedes all prior negotiations, commitments, representations and undertakings of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, all of which are deemed to have been merged into this Agreement). The Company has made no representations inducing the execution of this Agreement that are not incorporated herein.
14.06
Number and Gender
. All the terms and words used in this Agreement, regardless of the number and gender in which they are used shall be deemed and construed to include any other number (singular or plural), and any other gender (masculine, feminine or neuter), as the context or sense of this Agreement or any section, paragraph or clause hereof may require, the same as if such words had been fully and properly written in the appropriate number and gender.
14.07.
Obligations of Interested Parties
.
 
14.08.
Written Approval, Waiver and Non-Waiver
.
14.09.
Notices
.
 
         Vice President, Franchising,
   
   
   
   
   
STEAK N SHAKE OPERATIONS, INC.
500 Century Building
36 South Pennsylvania Street
Indianapolis, Indiana 46204
With a copy to the attention of the General Counsel
or to such other address as the Company shall from time to time designate in writing. Unless otherwise instructed by the Company, all payments required to be made hereunder to the Company shall be sent by First Class mail, postage fully prepaid, addressed to the attention of the Controller at the above address, or to such address as the Company shall from time to time designate in writing.
Reinwald Enterprises Real Estate, LLC
310 Wild Geese Road
Knoxville, TN 37922
Attn.: Gary T. Reinwald, Jr.
or to such other address as Franchisee shall from time to time designate in writing.
14.10.
Designated Agent of Franchisee
. Franchisee hereby designates
Gary T. Reinwald, Jr.
to act on its behalf and to execute all documents on its behalf in all transactions with the Company (the "Designated Agent"). The Designated Agent must be an individual, not a business entity. All actions by the Designated Agent shall be binding upon Franchisee. The Company shall have no duty to deal with anyone other than the Designated Agent; however, any documents submitted to the Company executed by any other officer or partner shall be valid and binding upon Franchisee. Franchisee shall promptly notify the Company in writing of any change in its Designated Agent.
14.11.
Specific Performance
. Nothing herein contained shall bar the Company's or Franchisee's right to seek specific performance of this Agreement and injunctive relief against threatened conduct that will cause it loss or damages, under customary equity rules, including applicable rules for obtaining restraining orders and preliminary injunctions.
14.12.
Venue/Dispute Resolution
. The Company reserves the right to institute at any time a system of nonbinding arbitration or mediation. Any arbitration under this Agreement shall be held in a forum in the City of Indianapolis, State of Indiana. The Franchisee will be obligated to participate in such system, at the Company's request, in the event of a dispute. The Federal Arbitration Act applies to the arbitration forum clauses contained in this Agreement.
14.13.
Costs and Attorneys' Fees
. If the Company or its affiliates assert a claim for amounts owed by Franchisee in any legal proceeding before a court of competent jurisdiction, or in arbitration, or if the Company or Franchisee is required to enforce this Agreement in a judicial or arbitration proceeding, the party prevailing in such proceeding shall be entitled to reimbursement of its costs and expenses, including reasonable legal fees.
14.14.
Interference with Employment Relations
. During the term of this Agreement, neither Franchisee nor the Company shall employ or seek to employ any person who is at the time employed by the other party, including related entities, or by any other franchisee of the Company, or otherwise induce, directly or indirectly, such person to leave such employment; provided, however, that the prohibitions herein shall not apply to any such person who has left the employ of any of the foregoing parties for a period in excess of six (6) months.
14.15.
Acknowledgment of Differing Terms
. Franchisee acknowledges that some present STEAK N SHAKE franchisees of the Company may operate under prior or different forms of unit franchise agreements and, consequently, that Company's obligations and rights in respect to its various STEAK N SHAKE franchisees may differ materially in certain circumstances.
14.16.
Acknowledgment of No Promises
. Franchisee acknowledges that the Company is not a guarantor, directly or indirectly, of the success or profitability of any franchised restaurant or the Franchise granted hereunder.
14.17.
Governing Law
. This Agreement and the Franchise granted hereunder shall be governed by the laws of Indiana except to the extent that Franchisee's state franchise disclosure law or unfair franchise practices act, or comparable law, may afford Franchisee additional protection.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement on the day and year first above written.
THE COMPANY
STEAK N SHAKE OPERATIONS, INC.
an Indiana corporation
ATTEST:
___________________
/s/ David C. Milne
 
 
_______________
_/s/ Bradley Manns
Printed:________________
David C. Milne
 
 
Bradley Manns
Title:_
General Counsel, Corporate Secretary
 
 
Vice President
FRANCHISEE
Reinwald Enterprises Emory, LLC
 
ATTEST/WITNESS
By__________
:_/s/ Gary T. Reinwald
Printed: Gary T. Reinwald
Title: ___________________
Member
________________
_/s/ Michael T. Crowley
 
 
Printed:_____________
Michael T. Crowley
 
 
Title:________________
Associate Counsel
 
Reinwald Enterprises Wild Geese, LLC
 
ATTEST/WITNESS
By
:_/s/ Gary T. Reinwald_________
Printed: Gary T. Reinwald
Title: _
Member________________
________________
_/s/ Michael T. Crowley
 
 
Printed:_____________
Michael T. Crowley
 
 
Title:________________
Associate Counsel
 
 
The franchised STEAK N SHAKE Restaurants will be located:
500 E. Emory Road, Powell, Tennessee ("Powell Property")
Franchisee's Exclusive Territory shall comprise the following area:
An area within a two (2) mile radius of each location described above.
 
 
 

Exhibit 10.2
 
Subject to the terms and provisions contained herein,
Steak n Shake Operations, Inc.
, an Indiana corporation ("Seller"), hereby agrees to sell and convey to
Reinwald Enterprises Wild Geese, LLC
an Indiana limited liability company and/or its permitted assigns ("Purchaser"), and Purchaser hereby agrees to buy and pay for that certain real property situated in the City of Knoxville, Knox County, Tennessee, containing approximately 1.06 acres of land, more or less (the "Real Estate"), more particularly described on
Exhibit "A"
attached hereto and made a part hereof, along with all improvement located thereon (the "Real Estate").
This Contract is executed upon the following terms and conditions:
1.
 
Purchase Price
.
The Purchase Price for the Real Estate shall be One Million One Hundred Eighty Thousand Dollars ($1,180,000.00). The Purchase Price shall be payable at Closing (as hereinafter defined), in cash, by cashiers or certified check, or by wire transfer of immediately available funds, subject to prorations and adjustments as hereinafter set forth.
2.
 
Independent Contract Consideration
.
Upon complete execution of this Contract, Purchaser shall pay to the order of Seller Independent Contract Consideration (so called herein) in the amount of $100.00 as consideration for Sellers entering into this Contract. The Independent Contract Consideration is not refundable and shall be retained by Seller notwithstanding any other provisions of this Contract.
3.
 
Survey
.
Within five (5) days following the Effective Date, Seller, at Purchasers sole cost and expense, shall order an update of that ALTA survey prepared by Site Incorporated as Job No. 1396, last revised March 18, 2002 to show all improvements located on the Real Estate (the "Survey").
The Survey shall contain a certification from the surveyor or engineer to Purchaser, the Title Company and any lender designated by Purchaser.
4.
 
Title Commitment
.
As of the date hereof, Purchaser, at Sellers cost and expense, has ordered an update of Title Policy currently in effect (No L70822/ab) (the "Title Commitment") issued through Tennessee Valley Title Insurance Company, First Tennessee Plaza, 8005 Gay Street, Suite 1500, Knoxville, Tennessee 37929-1500 (the "Title Company"), setting forth the status of title of the Real Estate and all exceptions, including rights-of-way, easements, restrictions, covenants, reservations and other conditions, if any, affecting the Real Estate with true, legible copies of all instruments referred to in the Title Commitment affecting title to the Real Estate, not already in Sellers possession and delivered pursuant to Section 5 hereof.
5.
 
Additional Information
.
Within fifteen (15) days following the Effective Date, Seller, at Sellers sole cost and expense, shall furnish to Purchaser, to the extent available, all engineering studies, surveys, soil tests, and environmental reports or studies. Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that foregoing documents will be delivered to Seller without any warranties as to their accuracy or completeness.
6.
 
Review of Title and Survey
.
Purchaser shall have a period (the "Review Period") ending thirty (30) days after the Effective Date but no later than September 25, 2005, in which to notify Seller of any objections Purchaser has to any matters shown or referred to in the Title Commitment or the Survey other than those Permitted Exceptions set forth on
Exhibit "B"
hereto failing which Purchaser waives its right to raise such objections and title shall be deemed satisfactory. In the event Purchaser notifies Seller of any unacceptable exceptions or conditions, Seller shall have five (5) days thereafter in which to notify Purchaser whether Seller will eliminate or modify such Unacceptable Condition(s) or conditions. In the event Seller does not respond within such 15-day period, Seller will be deemed to have declined to eliminate or modify such Unacceptable Condition(s). If Seller does not opt to eliminate or modify such condition, Purchaser may (i) waive such Unacceptable Condition(s) and proceed to Closing; (ii) terminate this Agreement (subject to
Section 17
); or attempt to resolve the Unacceptable Condition(s) at Purchasers sole cost and expense, with Sellers cooperation provided Seller shall not be required to incur any costs.
 
7.
 
Inspection
.
At all times prior to Closing, Purchaser, its agents, representatives and designees (including prospective tenants, occupants and users of the Real Estate and their agents and representatives) shall have the right to enter on the Real Estate to conduct any investigations, soil tests, environmental assessments and engineering and feasibility studies as may deemed necessary or advisable in connection with the purchase or use of the Real Estate; provided that Purchasers entry upon the Real Estate shall not, in Sellers judgement, interfere with the use and operation of Sellers restaurant. Any entry upon the Real Estate by or on behalf of Purchaser shall be subject to such reasonable rules, regulations, standards and conditions as Seller may impose and (without limitation) may be conditioned upon Purchasers delivery to Seller of proof of any insurance coverage that Seller may be reasonably require. Purchaser shall deliver to Seller, promptly upon receipt by Purchaser and in any event within five (5) days after the termination of this Contract, pursuant to
this Section
, a true and complete copy of each inspection report or summary, survey, engineering study, soil test report, environmental report, or written result of such inspection, investigation, study or test conducted by or on behalf of Purchaser in connection with a study or investigation made during the Inspection Period, without any representation or warranty from Purchaser as to the accuracy or completeness of such reports. Promptly after each entry onto the Real Estate, Purchaser shall restore the Real Estate to substantially the same condition as it was in prior to such entry. Purchasers obligation to deliver copies of report, summaries, surveys, and test results as provided in this Subsection and Purchasers obligation to restore the Real Estate as aforesaid shall survive the termination of this Agreement or the Closing hereunder (whichever is to occur).
Purchaser shall indemnify and hold Seller harmless, and, at Sellers option, defend Seller from and against any and all losses, costs, liens, damages, claims, suits, actions, liabilities, and expenses (including attorneys fees and court costs) incurred by Seller in connection with or arising in any way out of Purchasers entry upon the Real Estate pursuant to this Section. Purchasers obligations pursuant to this Section shall survive a period of one (1) year after the termination of this Contract or Closing hereunder (whichever is to occur).
 
For the purpose hereof, the term Inspection Period shall mean that period commencing with the Effective Date and ending the earlier of Thirty (30) days thereafter or September 25, 2005. In the event that prior to the expiration of the Inspection Period as extended Purchaser fails to notify Seller of Purchasers election to proceed toward Closing under this Contract, the Earnest Money shall become non-refundable and the parties shall proceed to Closing.
If it should be determined by Purchaser, on or before the end of the Inspection Period, in Purchasers sole discretion and judgment, that the Real Estate is not suitable for the purposes for which Purchaser intends to utilize the Real Estate or that Purchaser, for whatever reason or for no reason at all, does not desire to consummate the transaction contemplated by this Contract, then Purchaser shall be entitled to terminate this Contract by giving written notice thereof to Seller or the Title Company prior to the expiration of the Inspection Period (as hereinafter defined), subject to the provisions of Section 17.
8.
 
[Intentionally Deleted]
.
9.
 
Closing Date and Place
.
The Closing (so called herein) hereunder shall take place at 10:00 a.m. at the offices of the Title Company or the earlier of three (3) days after the expiration of the Inspection Period, or September 28, 2005.
10.
 
Sellers Representations and Warranties
.
Seller represents and warrants to Purchaser to the best of Sellers knowledge, which for purposes of this section shall refer to the actual knowledge of Michael T. Crowley, Associate Counsel - Director Real Estate Law, without the benefit of nor obligation to make an independent investigation, as follows:
Purchasers obligation to close this Contract shall be contingent on the above representations and warranties also being true and correct on the Closing Date.
11.
 
AS-IS; No Implied Representations
.
Except as provided in Section 11A,
 
Seller and Purchaser acknowledge and agree that except as otherwise may be specifically and expressly provided herein, or in the special warranty deed, neither party has made any representations or warranties or agreements to, or on behalf of the other party as to any other matter concerning this Contract, the Real Estate, the present use thereof, or the suitability of the Real Estate for Purchasers intended use. Purchaser hereby acknowledges that pursuant to Section 4 hereof, Purchaser is entitled to and shall make its own independent inspection and investigation of the Real Estate and, in entering into this Contract, Purchaser represents and warrants to Seller that it intends to rely solely on such inspection and investigation of the Real Estate. ACCORDINGLY, BUYER IS NOT RELYING AND SHALL NOT BE ENTITLED TO RELY UPON ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF SELLER OR ANY PRINCIPAL, AGENT, PARTNER, OFFICER, DIRECTOR, ATTORNEY, EMPLOYEE, BROKER, OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVE OF SELLER, AND, AT THE CLOSING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, BUYER SHALL ACCEPT CONVEYANCE OF THE REAL ESTATE IN ITS "AS-IS", "WHERE- IS" CONDITION AS OF THE CLOSING DATE WITH ALL FAULTS WITOUT ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY WHATSOEVER FROM SELLER, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY CONTAINED HEREIN, OR IN THE SPECIAL WARRANTY DEED. NO AGREEMENT, WARRANTY, COVENANT, OR REPRESENTATION, UNLESS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH HEREIN OR IN THE DEED SHALL BIND SELLER.
11.A.
 
Sellers Repair Covenant
. Seller acknowledges that there is currently a fissure in the floor of Sellers restaurant building, spanning its width, and located generally toward the front entrance (the "Fissure"). The Fissure which has created an uneven floor surface is believed to be caused by soil conditions that have caused the restaurant buildings foundation to settle after its initial construction. Seller covenants and agrees, that should the consummation of the transaction contemplated herein occur, Seller shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to repair the Fissure within thirty (30) days of its receipt of notice from the Purchaser.
In addition, Seller covenants and agrees to make all reasonably necessary further repairs to the Fissure, upon thirty (30) days written notice.
Such repair efforts will be conducted in a
first-class, good and workmanlike manner and Seller shall take all reasonable efforts to cause such repairs to be performed at times, which will cause the least interruption to the Purchasers business. Purchaser grants to Seller a license to enter the Real Estate for the purpose of performing the repairs. Prior to such entry
Seller shall provide to Purchaser a certificate of general liability insurance naming Purchaser as insured in the amount of $1,000,000.00 or more from a company licensed to do business in Tennessee and carrying a Best Rating of at least A-, covering all general liability caused by or resulting from entry of the Real Estate by Seller or its contractors, agents, invitees and employees. The covenants provided by this Section 11A shall survive closing for a period of five (5) years.
12.
 
Risk of Loss
.
Risk of all loss, destruction or damage to the Real Estate or any portion thereof, from any and all causes whatsoever until consummation of the Closing shall be borne by Seller. In the event of damage by fire or other casualty or a taking by condemnation or similar proceedings or actions of all of the Real Estate, or any portion of the Real Estate which, at Purchasers sole discretion, is material to the use of the remainder, Purchaser shall have the option to terminate this Contract upon written notice to Seller, in which event the Earnest Money and all earnings thereon shall be promptly refunded to Purchaser, and neither Purchaser nor Seller shall have any further right or obligation hereunder. Should Purchaser elect not to exercise its option as provided hereunder, then the Contract shall remain in full force and effect and Seller shall assign or pay to Purchaser at Closing Seller's interest in and to all insurance proceeds, condemnation awards or proceeds from any such proceedings or actions in lieu thereof.
13.
 
Sellers Obligations at Closing
.
At the Closing, Seller shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Purchaser, at Sellers sole cost and expense, each of the following items:
14.
 
Purchasers Obligations at Closing
.
At the Closing, Purchaser shall deliver to Seller the following items:
15.
 
Prorations and Costs
.
Ad valorem taxes for the then current year shall be prorated at the Closing effective as of the Closing Date. If the Closing shall occur before the tax rate is fixed for the then current year, the proration of taxes shall be based upon taxes for the prior year and adjusted for the year of closing when they become finally determined with such settlement to be made within ten (10) days after the date taxes are finally determined. Seller shall be responsible for any and all taxes related to the Real Estate for years prior to Closing due to a change in land usage or ownership. Purchaser shall also be responsible for any and all transfer taxes and documentary stamps and/or recording fees payable on account of transfer of title to the Real Estate to Purchaser. Common Area Maintenance charges paid by Seller for the then current year, pursuant to that Declaration of Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions for Turkey Creek shall also be prorated at closing, effective as of the Closing Date. Purchaser shall receive a credit at Closing for the estimated cost of the reasonable repairs to the parking lot surface at the Sellers restaurant at 500 East Emory Road, Powell, Tennessee, the amount of which will be provided to Seller in an itemized writing delivered before Closing.
16.
 
Brokerage Commission
.
Seller represents and warrants to Purchaser that Seller has not engaged nor utilized the services of any broker or other professional, who can make a claim for a fee, commission or other compensation as the result of the consummation of the transaction contemplated herein. Except as otherwise provided in this Section, Seller agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Purchaser against any claims or losses resulting from a breach of the proceeding representation and warranty. Purchaser represents and warrants to Seller that Purchaser has not engaged nor utilized the services of any broker or other professional who can make a claim for a fee, commission or other compensation as the result of the consummation of the transaction contemplated herein. Purchaser agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Seller against any claims or losses resulting from a breach of the proceeding representation and warranty.. The provision of this Section shall survive Closing for a period of one (1) year
.
17.
 
Termination by Purchaser
.
If this Contract is terminated by Purchaser pursuant to
Section 6, Section 7, or Section 10A
, or by mutual agreement of the parties, the Earnest Money shall be immediately returned to Purchaser by the Title Company, and the parties shall have no further obligations to one another except those provisions which survive closing or the termination of the Contract by their express terms.
18.
 
Sellers Default
.
In the event of Sellers default hereunder, Purchaser may, at Purchasers option, and as Purchasers sole and exclusive remedy, either: (i) terminate this Contract by giving written notice from Purchaser to Seller and the Earnest Money will be immediately returned to Purchaser by the Title Company; or (ii) enforce specific performance hereunder.
19.
 
Purchasers Default
.
In the event that Purchaser shall fail to consummate this Contract for any reason, except Sellers default or the termination of this Contract pursuant to any right of termination given to Purchaser herein, Seller, shall have the right to terminate this Contract by notice to Purchaser and retain the Earnest Money as liquidated damages; or pursue any legal remedies.
20.
 
Notice
.
All notices, demands, or other communications of any type (herein collectively referred to as "Notices") given by Seller to Purchaser or by Purchaser to Seller, whether required by this Contract or in any way related to the transaction contracted for herein, shall be in writing and shall be deemed delivered when actually received, or, if earlier and whether or not actually received, (i) if delivered by courier or in person, when left with any person at the address reflected below, if addressed as set forth below, (ii) if by overnight courier service (such as, by way of example but not limitation, U.S. Express Mail or Federal Express) with instructions for delivery on the next business day, one (1) business day after having been deposited with such courier, addressed as reflected below, and (iii) if delivered by mail, when deposited in a Post Office or other depository under the care or custody of the United States Postal Service, enclosed in a wrapper with proper postage affixed (as a certified or registered item, return receipt requested), addressed as follows:
To Purchaser:                      
Reinwald Enterprises Real Estate, LLC
Attention: Gary T. Reinwald
Phone: (317) 223-1430
 
To Seller:                               
Steak n Shake Operations, Inc.
500 Century Building
36 South Pennsylvania Street
Indianapolis, Indiana 46204-3648
Attention: Michael T. Crowley,
Associate Counsel - Director Real Estate Law
Phone: (317) 656-4498
                                                               
Fax: (317) 633-5455
21.
 
Multiple Unit Franchise Agreement Contingency
.
Seller and Purchaser acknowledge that they have entered into this Contract to transfer title to the Real Estate so that Purchaser can operate the Restaurant located thereon as a franchisee of Seller pursuant to that Multiple Unit Franchise Agreement ("MUFA") of even date herewith. The parties further acknowledge that if the MUFA is terminated, for any reason, before the consummation of the transaction contemplated herein, this Contract shall terminate immediately and the Earnest Money shall be immediately returned to Purchaser, except if the MUFA is terminated before the consummation of the transaction contemplated herein because of Purchaser breach thereof, in which event the Seller shall be entitled to retain the Earnest Money as liquidated damages.
22.
 
Governing Law and Venue
.
This Contract shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Indiana and any court action arising out of this Contract shall be brought in Marion County, Indiana.
23.
 
Capacity
.
Except as hereinafter provided, each person executing this Contract hereby represents and warrants that he has the authority to do so and that his signature shall bind the entity for which he signed. Each party hereto shall provide the other party and the Title Company with such documentation as the Title Company or Purchasers or Sellers attorney deems necessary to evidence the authority of that party to perform the actions contemplated herein.
24.
 
Timing
.
Time is of the essence of this Contract. For purposes hereof, the "Effective Date" of this Contract shall be the date Seller is in receipt of a fully-executed original of the Contract. If the date that the performance of any obligations arising hereunder, or the date upon which any notice shall be given, is a Saturday, Sunday or any legal holiday under the laws of the State of Texas, then such date shall be extended to the next business day immediately succeeding such Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday.
25.
 
Attorneys Fees and Costs
.
In the event either party hereto files a suit to enforce this Contract or any provisions contained herein, the party prevailing in such action shall be entitled to recover, in addition to all other remedies or damages, its costs, including reasonable attorneys fees, incurred in such suit.
26.
 
Assignability
.
This Contract may be assigned by Purchaser without the consent of Seller, and upon such assignment Purchaser shall be relieved of all duties and obligations hereunder and Seller shall thereafter look solely to Purchasers assignee for the performance of Purchasers obligations hereunder.
27.
 
Gender
.
Where required for proper interpretation, words in the singular shall include the plural and the masculine gender shall include the neuter and the feminine gender and vice versa.
28.
 
Headings
.
The descriptive headings of the several Sections contained in this Contract are inserted for convenience only and shall not control or affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions hereof.
29.
 
Complete Agreement
.
This Contract embodies the complete agreement between the parties hereto and cannot be varied or terminated except by written agreement of the parties.
30.
 
Withdrawal of Offer
.
Purchaser must accept this Contract by signing and returning a fully executed copy of the same to Seller at the address provided in
Section 20
within ten (10) days from the date of Purchasers execution hereof, or this offer may, at Purchasers option, be deemed to be withdrawn.
31.
 
CONFIDENTIALITY
.
SELLER, PURCHASER AND TITLE COMPANY AGREE NOT TO CAUSE ANY PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS TO BE MADE OF THE EXECUTION OF THIS CONTRACT OR THE CLOSING OF THIS TRANSACTION, AND FURTHER AGREE NOT TO DISCLOSE TO ANY PARTY, THE PURCHASE PRICE PAYABLE HEREUNDER OR THE TERMS HEREOF. SELLER, PURCHASER AND TITLE COMPANY FURTHER AGREE NOT TO DISCLOSE THE EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS CONTRACT OR THE CONSUMMATION OF THE PURCHASE AND SALE CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, (i) SELLER, PURCHASER AND/OR TITLE COMPANY MAY DISCLOSE ANY ASPECT OF THIS TRANSACTION TO ANY GOVERNMENTAL AGENCY, OR ANY OFFICER THEREOF, UPON PROPER REQUEST THEREFORE, WHERE REQUIRED, IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAW, (ii) PURCHASER MAY DISCLOSE THIS CONTRACT AND THE TERMS THEREOF TO ITS ATTORNEYS, CONSULTANTS, AGENT, REPRESENTATIVES, ENGINEERS, INSPECTORS, AND PROSPECTIVE AND ACTUAL TENANTS, LENDERS AND INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE ACQUISITION OF THE REAL ESTATE, (iii) SELLER MAY DISCLOSE THE CONTRACT AND ITS TERMS TO ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, ATTORNEYS, AGENTS OR CONTRACTORS IF IN SELLERS REASONABLE DISCRETION SUCH DISCLOSURE IS NECESSARY TO CONSUMMATE THE TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREIN AND (iv) THIS CONFIDENTIALITY PROVISION SHALL ONLY SURVIVE THE CLOSING OR TERMINATION OF THIS CONTRACT (WHICHEVER SHOULD FIRST OCCUR) FOR A PERIOD OF SIX (6) MONTHS AT WHICH TIME IT WILL NO LONGER BE EFFECTIVE OR ENFORCEABLE.
32.
 
Removal from Market
.
Upon the full execution of this Contract, Seller hereby agrees that it shall not solicit offers for the purchase, lease or development of the Real Estate from any parties other than Purchaser or its assigns, while the Contract is in effect.
33.
 
Counterparts
.
This Contract may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original and all of which will be identical and, when taken together, shall constitute on and the same instrument and the agreement of the parties hereto.
34.
 
Good Faith and Fair Dealing.
The parties agree to deal with each other fairly and in good faith.
EXECUTED on this, the 21st day of September, 2005, by Purchaser.
By: __________________________
_/s/ Gary T. Reinwald
Title:__
Member____________________________
EXECUTED on this, the 21st day of September, 2005, by Seller.
STEAK N SHAKE OPERATIONS, INC., an Indiana corporation
By:
_/s/ Steak n Shake Operations, Inc.____________________
                    Name:
   
_David C. Milne___________________________________
Title:
_General Counsel, Corporate Secretary___________________
RECEIPT BY TITLE COMPANY
 
 
This Contract has been received by the Title Company this, the _____ day of ____________________, 200__; and the undersigned agrees to abide by all provisions contained herein regarding the disposition of the Earnest Money.
 
TENNESSEE VALLEY TITLE COMPANY
By:
_______________________________________________________________
Name:
Title:
_____________________________________________________________

Exhibit 10.3
 
THIS AGREEMENT is made this 21st day of September, 2005, by and among Steak n Shake Operations, Inc., an Indiana corporation ("Seller") and
Reinwald Enterprises Emory, LLC
,an Indiana limited liability company, and
Reinwald Enterprises Wild Geese, LLC,
an Indiana limited liability company, both having their principal offices at 9948 Ridge Drive, Indianapolis, Indiana 46256 or its assigns (collectively the "Purchaser").
 
RECITALS
 
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the mutual covenants, promises and agreements herein set forth, receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, Seller and Purchaser mutually agree as follows:
 
1.
 
PURCHASE OF ALL PERSONAL PROPERTY ON PREMISES
Purchaser agrees to purchase and Seller agrees to sell all good will, together with the inventory (including food and beverage inventory), equipment, furniture and fixtures listed on Schedule 1, attached hereto and incorporated by reference, located in and on the Real Estate (the "Personal Property"). The parties acknowledge that expressly excluded from the assets sold hereunder are the following items: cash, accounts receivable, Third-Party owned equipment.
 
The Parties obligations to purchase the personal property sold hereunder is contingent upon the consummation of the sale of the Knoxville Real Estate and the assignment and assumption of the Lease for the Powell Real Estate by Purchaser and the commencement of the franchise contemplated by the Multiple Unit Franchise Agreement.
 
The purchase price for the Personal Property will be allocated as follows:
Personal Property located at the Knoxville Real Estate:
 
$440,000
Personal Property located at the Emory Real Estate:
 
$140,000
The purchase price shall be paid in cash to Seller at closing
.
 
Seller warrants that it is the owner of all of the personal property sold hereunder free and clear of any liens or encumbrances and that to the best of Sellers actual knowledge, there are no restrictions that prevent or prohibit Seller from transferring title to all such personal property to Purchaser at closing.
 
Seller shall not sell or transfer any of the Personal Property except for inventory in the normal course of business.
 
The parties shall conduct a walk-through inspection prior to closing to verify the conditions and status of all Personal Property on the Real Estate. If Personal Property is not at the Real Estate, Purchaser shall deduct the value of said items, as reasonably determined by the Purchaser, from the Purchase Price.
 
At closing, the Seller shall tender a Bill of Sale transferring all personal property on the premises to Purchaser, and assigning all warranties.
 
Closing shall take place simultaneously with the transactions for the transfer of Sellers interest in the Real Estate, at a mutually agreed upon location unless extended by mutual agreement of the parties. Seller shall surrender possession of the Personal Property at closing.
EXECUTED on this, the 21st day of September, 2005, by Purchaser.
By:
__/s/ Gary T. Reinwald____________________________
Title:_
Member_______________________________
By: __________________________
_/s/ Gary T. Reinwald
Title
:_Member_____________________________
EXECUTED on this, the 21st day of September, 2005, by Seller.
STEAK N SHAKE OPERATIONS, INC., an Indiana corporation
By:
_/s/ Steak n Shake Operations, Inc._________________________________
                    Name:
   
_/s/ David C. Milne___________________________________
Title:
_General Cousel, Corporate Secretary_____________________

Exhibit 10.4
This Assignment and Assumption Agreement is entered into this 21st day of September, 2005 by and among the following parties, upon the following terms:
Assignor and Assignee have executed this Assignment as of its date.
____________                               
/s/ Bradley J. Manns
/s/
_____________
David C. Milne
Witness
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Assignor Signature
__________                               
/s/ Michael T. Crowley
 /s/ Gary T. Reinwald
____________
Witness
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Assignee Signature


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20051117160427.txt.gz
TIME:20051117160427
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
        
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ]    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ]    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
                                THE STEAK n SHAKE COMPANY
 
 
                                                                  By:    
/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
        
 
                                                                                  Jeffrey A. Blade,
 
                                                                                  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 
                                                                                  Dated: November 17, 2005

Exhibit 10.1
November 14, 2005
 
The Steak N Shake Company
500 Century Building
36 South Pennsylvania Street
Indianapolis, Indiana 46204
Attention: Chief Financial Officer
Re:
 
Amendment to Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
Reference is made to that certain Amended and Restated Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement dated as of September 20, 2002 (as amended prior to the date hereof, the "Note Agreement") among The Steak N Shake Company, an Indiana corporation (the "Company"), Prudential Investment Management, Inc., The Prudential Insurance Company of America and each Prudential Affiliate which may become a party thereto in accordance with the terms thereof (collectively, "Prudential"), pursuant to which the Company issued and sold and Prudential purchased the Companys senior fixed rate notes from time to time. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Note Agreement.
Pursuant to the request of the Company and in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 11C of the Note Agreement, the parties hereto agree as follows:
 
 
SECTION 1
.
Amendment
. From and after the date this letter becomes effective in accordance with its terms, the Agreement is amended as follows:
1.1
 
Paragraph 2B(2) of the Agreement is amended to delete in its entirety clause (i) thereof and to substitute therefor the following: "(i) September 30, 2008 (or if such date is not a Business Day, the Business Day next preceding such date) and".
1.2
 
The Company and Prudential expressly agree and acknowledge that as of the date hereof the Available Facility Amount is $75,000,000.
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THIS AMENDMENT AND THE AGREEMENT HAVE BEEN ENTERED INTO ON THE EXPRESS UNDERSTANDING THAT NEITHER PRUDENTIAL NOR ANY PRUDENTIAL AFFILIATE (AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED IN THE AGREEMENT AFTER GIVING EFFECT TO THIS LETTER)
 
SHALL BE OBLIGATED TO MAKE OR ACCEPT OFFERS TO PURCHASE SHELF NOTES, OR TO QUOTE RATES, SPREADS OR OTHER TERMS WITH RESPECT TO SPECIFIC PURCHASES OF SHELF NOTES, AND THE FACILITY SHALL IN NO WAY BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY PRUDENTIAL OR ANY PRUDENTIAL AFFILIATE.
1.3
 
Paragraph 6 of the Agreement is amended by inserting the following new paragraph 6C(10) immediately after paragraph 6C(9):
"
6C(10). Terrorism Sanction Regulations.
The Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary, to (i) become a Person described or designated in the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List of the Office of Foreign Assets Control or in Section 1 of the Anti-Terrorism Order or (ii) engage in any dealings or transactions with any such Person."
1.4
 
Paragraph 6C(5) of the Agreement is amended by replacing the reference to "6C(6)" with a reference to "6C(7)" and by replacing the reference to "6C(4)" with a reference to "6C(5)".
1.5
 
Paragraph 6C(7) of the Agreement is amended by replacing the references to "6C(4)" with references to "6C(5)".
1.6
 
Paragraph 8 of the Agreement is amended by inserting the following new paragraph 8Q immediately after paragraph 8P:
"
8Q.
 
Foreign Assets Control Regulations, Etc.
(i) (a) Neither
 
the
sale of the Notes by the Company hereunder nor its use of the proceeds thereof will violate the Trading with the Enemy Act, as amended, or any of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) or any enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto.
(ii)
 
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary (a) is a Person described or designated in the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List of the Office of Foreign Assets Control or in Section 1 of the Anti-Terrorism Order or (b) engages in any dealings or transactions with any such Person. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance, in all material respects, with the USA Patriot Act.
(iii)
 
No part of the proceeds from the sale of the Notes hereunder will be used, directly or indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, assuming in all cases that such Act applies to the Company."
1.7
 
Paragraphs 10A and 10B of the Agreement are amended by adding, or amending and restating, as applicable, the following definitions:
"Anti-Terrorism Order"
shall mean Executive Order No. 13,224 of September 24, 2001, Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions with Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit or Support Terrorism, 66 U.S. Fed. Reg. 49, 079 (2001), as amended.
"Designated Spread"
shall mean 0.50%.
"
Prudential Affiliate"
shall mean (i) any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under direct or indirect common control with Prudential and (ii) any managed account, investment fund or other vehicle for which Prudential or any Prudential Affiliate described in clause (i) acts as investment advisor or portfolio manager.
A Person shall be deemed to control a corporation if such Person possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such corporation, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.
"
USA Patriot Act"
shall mean United States Public Law 107-56, Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT ACT) Act of 2001, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time in effect.
1.8
 
The Information Schedule attached to the Agreement is amended and restated to read in its entirety as set forth on
Exhibit A
hereto.
 
SECTION 2
.
Representation and Warranty.
The Company hereby represents and warrants that no Default or Event of Default exists under the Agreement as of the date hereof.
SECTION 3
.
Conditions Precedent
. This letter shall be deemed effective as of September 28, 2005 upon the return to Prudential on or before November 28, 2005 of a counterpart hereof duly executed by the Company and the undersigned holders of the Notes. Upon execution hereof by the Company, this letter should be returned to: Prudential Capital Group, Two Prudential Plaza, Suite 5600, Chicago, Illinois 60601, Attention: Scott B. Barnett.
SECTION 4
.
Reference to and Effect on Agreement
. Upon the effectiveness of this letter, each reference to the Agreement and the Notes in any other document, instrument or agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Agreement and the Notes as modified by this letter. Except as specifically set forth in Section 1 hereof, each of the Agreement and the Notes shall remain in full force and effect and each is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects.
SECTION 5
.
Governing Law
.
THIS LETTER SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, AND THE RIGHTS OF THE PARTIES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS (EXCLUDING ANY CONFLICTS OF LAW RULES WHICH WOULD OTHERWISE CAUSE THIS LETTER TO BE CONSTRUED OR ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, OR THE RIGHTS OF THE PARTIES TO BE GOVERNED BY, THE LAWS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION).\
 
SECTION 6.
 
Counterparts; Section Titles
. This letter may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this letter by facsimile or other electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this letter. The section titles contained in this letter are and shall be without substance, meaning or content of any kind whatsoever and are not a part of the agreement between the parties hereto.
Very truly yours,
PRUDENTIAL INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT, INC.
By: 
/s/  Prudential Investment Management
 
 
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
 
 
Title:     Vice President
 
 
THE PRUDENTIAL INSURANCE COMPANY
OF AMERICA
By:
/s/ Prudential Insurance Company of America
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
 
 
Title:    Vice President
 
 
 
Agreed and Accepted
:
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
By:
/s/   Jeffrey A. Blade
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:    Jeffrey A. Blade
 
 
 
 
Title:      Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
INDIANAPOLIS, November 17, 2005/PRNewswire -- The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE:SNS) today announced its revenues and earnings for the fiscal fourth quarter and full year ended September 28, 2005.
Highlights for the fiscal fourth quarter include:
 
Highlights for fiscal 2005 include:
 
 
Fiscal Fourth Quarter 2005 results
Total revenues for the 12-week period ended September 28, 2005 increased 7.7% to $145.7 million. Same store sales for the current quarter decreased 3.0%, however; when adjusted for the timing of the 53 week in fiscal 2004 the real underlying run rate was a decline of (0.6%) for comparable weeks.
(1)
rd
Net earnings for the fiscal fourth quarter 2005 were $8.7 million, or $0.31 per share, compared to $7.6 million, or $0.28 per share, in the same quarter last year.
During the fourth quarter, the Company opened eight restaurants, including locations in Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Texas. In addition, two new franchise restaurants opened in Arkansas and Tennessee.
Fiscal 2005 Results
Total revenues for the 52-week period ended September 28, 2005 increased 11.5% to $606.9 million.  Same store sales for Company-owned stores increased 2.9%.The increase in same store sales includes a 3.5% increase in average guest expenditure partially offset by a 0.6% decrease in guest traffic. Net earnings for fiscal year 2005 were $30.2 million, or $1.08 per diluted share, compared to $27.6 million, or $1.00 per diluted share, in the prior year period.
(1)
 
 
Peter Dunn, President and Chief Executive Officer commented, "We are encouraged that our fiscal 2005 results met the expectations we set at the beginning of the year. We made progress on all key operating measures including, guest satisfaction, associate turnover, labor management, and expansion. During the year we began investing in management bench strength, real estate and human resource capabilities and other operating infrastructure necessary to position the Company for accelerated restaurant expansion in future years. We will continue making these investments during fiscal 2006 while increasing the number of new Company-owned restaurants and focusing on innovation that drives guest counts and consumer satisfaction."
Mr. Dunn concluded, "We believe 2006 is another important year in building the capabilities necessary for this Company to accelerate the rate of growth over the next few years."
As of September 28, 2005, there were 448 Steak n Shake restaurants operating in 20 states, including 399 Company-owned restaurants and 49 franchised units.
Fiscal 2006 Guidance
For fiscal year 2006, the Company anticipates adjusted diluted earnings per share in the range of $1.11 to $1.14, which excludes the impact of adopting (SFAS No. 123R), which requires the expensing of stock issued to employees. Including the impact of SFAS No. 123R, which is expected to be $.08 to $.09 per diluted share, the Company anticipates diluted earnings per share in the range of $1.02 to $1.05. The EPS growth rate assumes same store sales growth of up to 1% for the fiscal year. The Company has affirmed its plans of opening at least 26 Company-owned restaurants in fiscal year 2006 and at least 5 franchise units. In addition, the Company will invest approximately $4.0 million related to continued preparation for accelerated growth in the subsequent years.
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123R Share-Based Payment
Share Repurchase Authorization
On November 16, 2005, the Companys Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to three million shares of common stock over the next two years. The Companys repurchase of its common stock is subject to market conditions and managements discretion.
Investor Conference Call and Webcast
The Company will hold a conference call today to discuss fiscal fourth quarter and full year 2005 results at 5:00 p.m. (Eastern Time). Hosting the call will be Peter M. Dunn, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jeffrey A. Blade, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
The call can also be accessed live over the phone by dialing (877) 502-9272, or for international callers, (913) 981-5581. A replay will be available one hour after the call and can be accessed by dialing (888) 203-1112, or for international callers, (719) 457-0820. The passcode for the replay is 6127466. The replay will be available until November 24, 2005.
Interested investors and other parties may listen to a simultaneous webcast of the conference call by logging onto the Company's website at www.steaknshake.com. The on-line replay will be available for a limited time immediately following the call.
About Steak n Shake
Steak n Shake is a full service, casual dining restaurant serving a core menu of its famous STEAKBURGER sandwiches, thin n crispy french fries, old fashioned hand-dipped milk shakes, chili, home style soups, fresh salads, a variety of desserts and breakfast. All of the food is prepared to the guests order and served by friendly, well-trained associates. Steak n Shake restaurants feature fullservice dining areas, counter service and drive-thru windows and are open 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
This press release contains forward-looking information. In general, forward-looking statements include estimates of future revenues, cash flows, capital expenditures, or other financial items, and assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements reflect managements current expectations regarding future events and use words such as "anticipate " , "believe", "expect", "may", "will", and other similar terminology. These statements speak only as of the date they were made and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. Several factors, many beyond our control, could cause actual results to differ significantly from our expectations, such as the following: effectiveness of operating initiatives; changes in economic conditions; effectiveness of advertising and marketing initiatives; harsh weather conditions, primarily in the first and second quarters; availability and cost of qualified restaurant personnel; changes in consumer tastes; changes in consumer behavior based on publicity or concerns relating to food safety or food-borne illnesses; effectiveness of our expansion plans; changes in minimum wage rates; changes in food commodity prices; completion of merger or acquisitions and successful integration of those transactions; and changes in applicable accounting policies and practices. The foregoing list of important factors is not intended to be all-inclusive as other general market, industry, economic, and political factors may also impact our operations. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements, as we assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements.
  The fiscal fourth quarter of 2005 included 12 weeks, as compared to 13 weeks in the fiscal fourth quarter of 2004. Fiscal 2005 included 52 weeks, as compared to 53 weeks in fiscal year 2004. Same-store sales and sales growth rates have been adjusted and reported as if each year had the same number of weeks. The additional week in fiscal 2004 included $9.5 million of revenues
(1)
.
Contact:      Jeffrey A. Blade
   
Jeff.blade@steakns
hake.com
www.steaknshake.co
(317) 633-4100


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20051222151031.txt.gz
TIME:20051222151031
EVENTS:	Other Events
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
 
 
 
 
 
        
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ]    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ]    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
 
ITEM 8.01 OTHER EVENTS
 
On December 22, 2005, The Steak n Shake Company (the "Company") restructured and realigned several of its subsidiaries. This restructuring and realignment resulted in the merger of the Company's three restaurant operating subsidiaries, Kelley Restaurants, Inc., Steak n Shake LP, and Steak n Shake Operations, Inc., with Steak n Shake Operations, Inc. being the surviving entity. It also resulted in the merger of SNSTM, Inc. into Steak n Shake LLC (a new Indiana LLC) and the creation of Steak n Shake Enterprises, Inc. (an Indiana Corporation that will provide certain services to the other subsidiaries). It is anticipated that this restructuring and realignment will alleviate internal operational inefficiencies related to accounting for three operating entities. The realignment did not result in any change to the Company's consolidated financial position.
    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
                                THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
 
                                                                  By:    
/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
        
 
                                                                                  Jeffrey A. Blade,
 
                                                                                  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 
                                                                                  Dated: December 22, 2005
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20060126155920.txt.gz
TIME:20060126155920
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
        
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ]    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ]    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
                                THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
 
                                                                  By:    
/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
        
 
                                                                                  Jeffrey A. Blade,
 
                                                                                  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 
                                                                                  Dated: January 26,  2005

Exhibit 99.1
 
INDIANAPOLIS, January 26, 2006/PRNewswire -- The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE:SNS) today announced its revenues and earnings for the fiscal first quarter ended December 21, 2005.
Highlights for the fiscal first quarter include:
Fiscal First Quarter 2006 results
Total revenues for the fiscal first quarter 2006 increased 9.7% to $138.7 million. Same store sales for Company-owned restaurants during the quarter decreased by 1.1%, compared to 7.8% and 11.2% same store sales increases in the first quarter of fiscal 2005 and 2004, respectively.
Net earnings for the fiscal first quarter 2006 were $4.7 million, or $0.17 per share, compared to $5.1 million, or $0.18 per share, in the same quarter last year. Beginning this quarter, the Company began expensing stock options and shares purchased under the employee stock purchase plan as required by Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123R Share-Based Payment (SFAS 123R). The Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of $0.4 million after tax, or $0.01 per share in the current quarter.
Peter Dunn, President and Chief Executive Officer commented, "This quarter we delivered sales and earnings in line with our expectations as we make investments to strengthen the fundamentals and we prepare the Company for accelerated expansion. During fiscal 2006 we will open at least 26 new restaurants, representing a 37% increase in store openings from the prior year as we begin to accelerate new store expansion. Same store sales during the first quarter were reasonable given the very strong sales in the same quarter of the last two years, and continuing issues with consumer confidence experienced during the quarter. We look forward to improving same store sales trends as we continue to introduce new product innovations and enhance the guest experience. Early results from the launch of our Premium Topping Steakburgers
are encouraging."
As of December 21, 2005, there were 454 Steak n Shake restaurants operating in 20 states, including 403 Company-owned restaurants and 51 franchised units. During the quarter, the Company opened 6 new restaurants including locations in Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Pennsylvania and Texas, closed 2 restaurants, which were previously announced in fiscal 2005, and opened 2 franchised restaurants in North Carolina and Tennessee.
 
Fiscal 2006 Guidance
The Company is reiterating its previously announced guidance for fiscal year 2006. The Company anticipates diluted earnings per share in the range of $1.02 to $1.05. This range includes the impact of adopting Statement of Accounting Standards No. 123R Share Based Payment (SFAS No. 123R) which requires the expensing of stock issued to employees. The impact of adopting SFAS No. 123R, is expected to be $0.08 to $0.09 per diluted share. The EPS growth rate assumes same store sales growth of up to 1% for the fiscal year. The Company has affirmed its plans of opening at least 26 Company-owned restaurants in fiscal year 2006. In addition, the Company will invest approximately $4.0 million related to continued preparation for accelerated expansion in the subsequent years.
Investor Conference Call and Webcast
The Company will hold a conference call today to discuss fiscal first quarter 2006 results at 5:00 p.m. (Eastern Time). Hosting the call will be Peter M. Dunn, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jeffrey A. Blade, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
The call can also be accessed live over the phone by dialing (877) 502-9272, or for international callers, (913) 981-5581. A replay will be available one hour after the call and can be accessed by dialing (888) 203-1112, or for international callers, (719) 457-0820. The passcode for the replay is 5547955. The replay will be available until February 2, 2006.
Interested investors and other parties may listen to a simultaneous webcast of the conference call by logging onto the Company's website at www.steaknshake.com. The on-line replay will be available for a limited time immediately following the call.
About Steak n Shake
Steak n Shake is a full service, casual dining restaurant serving a core menu of its famous STEAKBURGER
sandwiches, thin n crispy french fries, old fashioned hand-dipped milk shakes, chili, home style soups, fresh salads, a variety of desserts and breakfast. All of the food is prepared to the guests order and served by friendly, well-trained associates. Steak n Shake restaurants feature fullservice dining areas, counter service and drive-thru windows and are open 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
This press release contains forward-looking information. In general, forward-looking statements include estimates of future revenues, cash flows, capital expenditures, or other financial items, and assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements reflect managements current expectations regarding future events and use words such as "anticipate", "believe", "expect", "may", "will", and other similar terminology. These statements speak only as of the date they were made and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. Several factors, many beyond our control, could cause actual results to differ significantly from our expectations, such as the following: effectiveness of operating initiatives; changes in economic conditions; effectiveness of advertising and marketing initiatives; harsh weather conditions, primarily in the first and second quarters; availability and cost of qualified restaurant personnel; changes in consumer tastes; changes in consumer behavior based on publicity or concerns relating to food safety or food-borne illnesses; effectiveness of our expansion plans; changes in minimum wage rates; changes in food commodity prices; completion of merger or acquisitions and successful integration of those transactions; and changes in applicable accounting policies and practices. The foregoing list of important factors is not intended to be all-inclusive as other general market, industry, economic, and political factors may also impact our operations. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements, as we assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements.
Contact:
 
 
Jeffrey A. Blade
  Jeff.blade@steakns
hake.com
  www.steaknshake.com
  (317) 633-4100


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20060214163605.txt.gz
TIME:20060214163605
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Amendments to the Registrant's Code of Ethics, or Waiver of a Provision of the Code of Ethics	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Amendments to the Registrant's Code of Ethics, or Waiver of a Provision of the Code of Ethics
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ]    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ]    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
ITEM 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
 
On February 8, 2006, the shareholders of The Steak n Shake Company (the "Company") approved the 2006 Employee Stock Option Plan (the "Option Plan") at the annual shareholder's meeting.  The purpose of the Option Plan is to secure for the Company and its shareholders the benefits inherent in common stock ownership by the officers and key employees of the Company who will be largely responsible for the Company's future growth and continued financial success.  The Option Plan provides options to purchase shares of the Company's Common Stock to certain key executives of the Company who contribute significantly to the long-term performance and growth of the Company.  A copy of the Option Plan is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of this report.  Also attached is hereto as Exhibit 10.3 is the form of incentive stock option agreement which is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of this report.
 
On February 8, 2006 the shareholders of the Company approved the 2006 Incentive Bonus Plan (the "Bonus Plan"), the purpose of which is to promote the interests of the Company and its shareholders by providing additional cash compensation as incentives to certain key executives of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates who contribute materially to the success of the Company and such subsidiaries and affiliates.  A copy of the Bonus Plan is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.2 and the information set forth therein is incorporated by reference and constitutes a part of this report.
 
On February 8, 2006, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors established the performance criteria and specific goals for the payment of bonuses under the Bonus Plan for fiscal 2006. The criteria established for the current fiscal year is a combination of growth in Earnings Before Interest and Taxes and Same Store Sales during fiscal 2006. The awards under the Bonus Plan in fiscal year 2006 could range from 25% to 250% of the participant's target bonus level, depending on the Company's performance. Awards at the higher end of the scale are expected to be made only in the event of exceptional Company performance.
 
ITEM 5.05  Amendments to the Registrant's Code of Ethics, or Waiver of a Provision of the Code of Ethics
 
On February 8, 2006, the Company updated its Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the "Code").  A copy of this updated Code is attached hereto as Exhibit 14.1 and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of this report.
The Company revised the policy on the acceptance of gifts contained in the code of to remove subjective and/or ambiguous terms and to provide specific guidance on the value of gifts that may be accepted and the terms under which they can be accepted. The new policy should ensure that all associates have an understanding of appropriate terms under which they could accept gifts, ensure there is never an appearance of impropriety involving a gift, and, most importantly, ensure that decisions made by associates are not influenced by gifts provided by vendors or other third parties. The new policy imposes a limit of $150 from any source in a calendar year and prohibits the solicitation of gifts, agreements for a arrangement involving a gift, gifts that violate laws, gifts that violate the provider's policies, or tickets to events where the donor will not attend with the associate. The policy does not apply to items that will not be retained by the recipient, but will be shared among associates on an equal basis.
quid pro quo
 
ITEM 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
(c)
Exhibits
 
10.1    2006 Employee Stock Option Plan
10.2    2006 Incentive Bonus Plan
10.3    Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement
14.1    Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
       
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
 
 
       By: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
 
       Jeffrey A. Blade
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
       Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
       Dated February 14, 2006
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

Exhibit 10.1
(a
) Aggregate Limitation
. The aggregate amount of Common Stock which may be made subject to Awards under the Plan shall not exceed 750,000 shares plus the number of shares that are subject to Awards granted hereunder that terminate or expire or are cancelled, forfeited, exchanged or surrendered during the term of this Plan without being exercised or fully vested. Awards granted under Section 16 shall not be considered in applying this limitation.
(b)
Other Limitations
. No individual participant may be granted Awards in any single calendar year of more than 50,000 options. Awards granted under Section 16 shall not be included in applying this limitation.
(c)
Adjustment
. The limitations under Section 3(a) and (b) are subject to adjustment in number and kind pursuant to Section 10.
(d)
Treasury or Market Purchased Shares.
Common Stock issued hereunder may be authorized and unissued shares or issued shares acquired by the Company on the market or otherwise.
The Plan shall be administered under the supervision of the Board of Directors of the Company through the agency of the Compensation Committee or a subcommittee thereof (the "Committee").
(a)
Composition of Committee
. The Committee shall consist of not less than two (2) members of the Board who are intended to meet the definition of "non-employee director" under the provisions of Section 162(m) of the Code and the definition of "independent directors" under the provisions of the Exchange Act or rules or regulations promulgated thereunder.
(b)
Delegation and Administration
. The Committee may delegate to one or more separate committees (any such committee a "Subcommittee") composed of one or more directors of the Company (who may, but need not be, members of the Committee) the ability to grant Awards with respect to participants who are not executive officers of the Company under the provisions of the Exchange Act or rules or regulations promulgated thereunder, and such actions shall be treated for all purposes as if taken by the Committee. Any action by any such Subcommittee within the scope of such delegation shall be deemed for all purposes to have been taken by the Committee and references in this Plan to the Committee shall include any such Subcommittee. The Committee may delegate the administration of the Plan to an officer or officers of the Company, and such administrator(s) may have the authority to execute and distribute agreements or other documents evidencing or relating to Awards granted by the Committee under this Plan, to maintain records relating to the grant, vesting, exercise, forfeiture or expiration of Awards, to process or oversee the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon the exercise, vesting and/or settlement of an Award, to interpret the terms of Awards and to take such other actions as the Committee may specify, provided that in no case shall any such administrator be authorized to grant Awards under the Plan. Any action by any such administrator within the scope of its delegation shall be deemed for all purposes to have been taken by the Committee and references in this Plan to the Committee shall include any such administrator, provided that the actions and interpretations of any such administrator shall be subject to review and approval, disapproval or modification by the Committee.
Awards may be granted only to present or future officers and employees of the Company whose performance may play a role in the Companys future success, including Subsidiaries and Affiliates which become such after the effective date of the Plan. Any officer or key employee of the Company shall be eligible to receive one or more Awards under the Plan. Any director who is not an officer or employee of the Company shall be ineligible to receive an Award under the Plan. The adoption of this Plan shall not be deemed to give any officer or employee any right to an Award, except to the extent and upon such terms and conditions as may be determined by the Committee.
Awards under this Plan (other than incentive stock options) in the discretion of the Committee may be contingent upon achievement of Qualifying Performance Criteria.
(a)
Available Criteria
. For purposes of this Plan, the term "Qualifying Performance Criteria" shall mean any one or more of the following performance criteria, either individually, alternatively or in any combination, applied to either the Company as a whole, to a business unit, to a specific geographic region, Affiliate or Subsidiary, either individually, alternatively or in any combination, and measured either annually or cumulatively over a period of years, on an absolute basis or relative to a pre-established target, to previous years' results or to a designated comparison group, in each case as specified by the Committee in the Award:
(b)
Adjustments.
The Committee may adjust any evaluation of performance under a Qualifying Performance Criteria to exclude any of the following events that occurs during a performance period: (1) asset write-downs, (2) litigation or claim judgments or settlements, (3) the effect of changes in tax law, accounting principles or other such laws or provisions affecting reported results, (4) accruals for reorganization and restructuring programs and (5) any extraordinary non-recurring items as described in Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 30 and/or in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations appearing in the Company's annual report to shareholders for the applicable year. Notwithstanding satisfaction or completion of any Qualifying Performance Criteria, to the extent specified at the time of grant of an Award, the number of stock options granted, issued, retainable and/or vested under an Award on account of satisfaction of such Qualifying Performance Criteria may be reduced by the Committee on the basis of such further considerations as the Committee in its sole discretion shall determine.
(c)
Establishment and Achievement of Targets
. The Committee shall establish the specific targets for the selected Qualified Performance Criteria. These targets may be set at a specific level or may be expressed as relative to the comparable measure at comparison companies or a defined index. In cases where Qualifying Performance Criteria are established, the Committee shall determine the extent to which the criteria have been achieved and the corresponding level to which vesting requirements have been satisfied or other restrictions to be removed from the Award or the extent to which a participant's right to receive an Award should lapse in cases where the Qualifying Performance Criteria have not been met, and shall certify these determinations in writing. The Committee may provide for the determination of the attainment of such targets in installments where it deems appropriate.
 
Stock options under the Plan shall consist of incentive stock options under Section 422 of the Code or nonqualified stock options (options not intended to qualify as incentive stock options), as the Committee shall determine.
 
Each option shall be subject to the following terms and conditions:
 
(a)
Grant of Options.
The Committee shall (1) select the officers and key employees of the Company to whom options may from time to time be granted, (2) determine whether incentive stock options or nonqualified stock options are to be granted, (3) determine the number of shares to be covered by each option so granted, (4) determine the terms and conditions (not inconsistent with the Plan) of any option granted hereunder including but not limited to restrictions upon the options, conditions of their exercise (including as to nonqualified stock options, subject to any Qualifying Performance Criteria), or restrictions on the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise thereof, (5) prescribe the form of the instruments necessary or advisable in the administration of options.
 
(b)
Terms and Conditions of Option.
Any option granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Stock Option Agreement entered into by the Company and the optionee, in such form as the Committee shall approve, which agreement shall be subject to the following terms and conditions and shall contain such additional terms and conditions not inconsistent with the Plan, and in the case of an incentive stock option not inconsistent with the provisions of the Code applicable to incentive stock options, as the Committee shall prescribe:
 
(1
) Number of Shares Subject to an Option
. The Stock Option Agreement shall specify the number of shares of Common Stock subject to the Agreement.
 
(2)
Option Price
. The purchase price per share of Common Stock purchasable under an option will be determined by the Committee but will be not less than the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the date of the grant of the option, except as provided in Section 16.
 
(3)
Option Period
. The period of each option shall be fixed by the Committee, but no option shall be exercisable after the expiration of ten years from the date the option is granted.
(4)
Consideration
. Unless the Committee determines otherwise, each optionee, as consideration for the grant of an option, shall remain in the continuous employ of the Company for at least one year from the date of the granting of such option, and no option shall be exercisable until after the completion of such one year period of employment by the optionee.
(5)
Exercise of Option
. An option may be exercised in whole or in part from time to time during the option period (or, if determined by the Committee, in specified installments during the option period) by giving written notice of exercise to the Company specifying the number of shares to be purchased. Such written notice must be accompanied by payment in full of the purchase price and Withholding Taxes (as defined in Section 11 hereof), due either (i) by personal, certified or bank check, (ii) by payment through a broker in accordance with procedures permitted by Regulation T of the Federal Reserve Board, (iii) in shares of Common Stock owned by the optionee having a Fair Market Value at the date of exercise equal to such purchase price, (iv) in any combination of the foregoing, or (v) by any other method that the Committee approves. At its discretion, the Committee may modify or suspend any method for the exercise of stock options, including any of the methods specified in the previous sentence. Delivery of shares for exercising an option shall be made either through the physical delivery of shares or through an appropriate certification or attestation of valid ownership. Shares of Common Stock used to exercise an option shall have been held by the optionee for the requisite period of time to avoid adverse accounting consequences to the Company with respect to the option. No shares shall be issued until full payment therefor has been made. An optionee shall have the rights of a shareholder only with respect to shares of stock that have been recorded on the Company's books on behalf of the optionee or for which certificates have been issued to the optionee.
Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, allow the exercise of a lapsed grant if the Committee determines that: (i) the lapse was solely the result of the Company's inability to execute the exercise of an option Award due to conditions beyond the Company's control and (ii) the optionee made valid and reasonable efforts to exercise the Award. In the event the Committee makes such a determination, the Company shall allow the exercise to occur as promptly as possible following its receipt of exercise instructions subsequent to such determination.
(6)
Nontransferability of Options
. No option granted under the Plan shall be transferable by the optionee other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and such option or stock appreciation right shall be exercisable, during the optionee's lifetime, only by the optionee.
(7)
Retirement and Termination of Employment Other than by Death or Disability
. If an optionee shall cease to be employed by the Company for any reason (other than termination of employment by reason of Retirement, death or Disability) after the optionee shall have been continuously so employed for one year after the granting of the option, or as otherwise determined by the Committee, the option shall be exercisable only to the extent that the optionee was otherwise entitled to exercise it at the time of such cessation of employment with the Company, unless otherwise determined by the Committee. If cessation of employment is on account of Retirement, the option shall be fully exercisable for the three-month period following the Retirement, regardless of whether it was fully exercisable at the time of Retirement. The Plan does not confer upon any optionee any right with respect to continuation of employment by the Company.
(8
) Disability of Optionee
. An optionee who ceases to be employed by reason of Disability shall be treated as though the optionee remained in the employ of the Company until the earlier of (i) cessation of payments under a disability pay plan of the Company, (ii) the optionee's death, or (iii) the optionee's 65th birthday.
(9)
Death of Optionee
. Except as otherwise provided in subsection (11), in the event of the optionee's death (i) while in the employ of the Company, (ii) while Disabled as described in subsection (8) or (iii) after cessation of employment due to Retirement, the option shall be fully exercisable by the executors, administrators, legatees or distributees of the optionee's estate, as the case may be, at any time following such death. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no option shall be exercisable after the expiration of the option period set forth in the Stock Option Agreement. In the event any option is exercised by the executors, administrators, legatees or distributees of the estate of a deceased optionee, the Company shall be under no obligation to issue stock thereunder unless and until the Company is satisfied that the person or persons exercising the option are the duly appointed legal representatives of the deceased optionee's estate or the proper legatees or distributees thereof.
(10)
Incentive Stock Options
. Incentive stock options may only be granted to employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries and parent corporations, as defined in Section 424 of the Code. In the case of any incentive stock option granted under the Plan, the aggregate Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock (determined at the time of grant of each option) with respect to which incentive stock options granted under the Plan and any other plan of the Company or its parent or a Subsidiary which are exercisable for the first time by an employee during any calendar year shall not exceed $100,000 or such other amount as may be required by the Code.
(11)
Rights of Transferee
. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if an option has been transferred in accordance with Section 7(b)(6), the option shall be exercisable solely by the transferee. The option shall remain subject to the provisions of the Plan, including that it will be exercisable only to the extent that the optionee or optionee's estate would have been entitled to exercise it if the optionee had not transferred the option. In the event of the death of the optionee prior to the expiration of the right to exercise the transferred option, the period during which the option shall be exercisable will terminate on the date one year following the date of the optionee's death. In the event of the death of the transferee prior to the expiration of the right to exercise the option, the period during which the option shall be exercisable by the executors, administrators, legatees and distributees of the transferee's estate, as the case may be, will terminate on the date one year following the date of the transferee's death. In no event will the option be exercisable after the expiration of the option period set forth in the Stock Option Agreement. The option shall be subject to such other rules as the Committee shall determine.
(12)
No Reload
. Options shall not be granted under this Plan in consideration for and shall not be conditioned upon the delivery of shares of Common Stock in payment of the exercise price and/or tax-withholding obligation under any other employee stock option.
(13)
No Deferral Feature.
No option granted under this Plan shall include any feature for the deferral of compensation other than the deferral of recognition of income until the later of exercise of the option under Section 83 of the Code, or the time the stock acquired pursuant to the exercise of the option first becomes substantially vested (as defined in regulations interpreting Section 83 of the Code).
The Committee may, in its discretion, provide in an agreement evidencing any Award that, in the event that the participant engages, within a specified period after termination of employment, in certain activity specified by the Committee that is deemed detrimental to the interests of the Company (including, but not limited to, the breach of any non-solicitation and/or non-compete agreements with the Company), the participant will forfeit all rights under any Awards that remain outstanding as of the time of such act and will return to the Company an amount of shares of Common Stock with a Fair Market Value (determined as of the date such shares are returned) or an amount of cash, equal to the amount of any gain realized upon the exercise of any Award that occurred within a specified time period.
The determination of the Committee as to whether an event has occurred resulting in a forfeiture or a termination of an Award or any reduction of the Company's obligations in accordance with the provisions of the Plan shall be conclusive.
(a)
  
Effect of Outstanding Awards
. The existence of outstanding Awards shall not affect in any way the right or power of the Company or its shareholders to make or authorize any or all adjustment, recapitalizations, reorganizations, exchanges, or other changes in the Company's capital structure or its business, or any merger or consolidation of the Company or any issuance of Common Stock or other securities or subscription rights thereto, or any issuance of bonds, debentures, preferred or prior preference stock ahead of or affecting the Common Stock or any sale or transfer of all or any part of its assets or business, or any other corporate act or proceeding, whether of a similar character or otherwise. Further, except as expressly provided herein or by the Committee, (i) the issuance by the Company of Common Stock or any class of securities convertible into shares of stock of any class, for cash, property, labor or services, upon direct sale, upon the exercise of rights or warrants to subscribe therefor, or upon conversion of shares or obligations to the Company convertible into such shares or other securities, (ii) the payment of a dividend in property other than shares of Common Stock, or (iii) the occurrence of any similar transaction, and in any case whether or not for fair value, shall not affect, and no adjustment by reason thereof shall be made with respect to, the number of shares of Common Stock subject to stock options or other Awards theretofore granted or the purchase price per share, unless the Committee shall determine, in its sole discretion, that an adjustment is necessary or appropriate.
(b)
 
Adjustments.
If the outstanding Common Stock or other securities of the Company, or both, for which an Award is then exercisable or as to which an Award is to be settled shall at any time be changed or exchanged by declaration of a stock dividend, stock split, combination of shares, extraordinary dividend of cash and/or assets, recapitalization, reorganization or any similar event affecting the Common Stock or other securities of the Company, the Committee may appropriately and equitably adjust the number and kind of shares or other securities which are subject to this Plan or subject to any Awards theretofore granted, and the exercise or settlement prices of such Awards, so as to maintain the proportionate number of shares of Common Stock or other securities without changing the aggregate exercise or settlement price.
(c)
 
Fractional Shares
. No right to purchase fractional shares shall result from any adjustment in stock options pursuant to this Section. In case of any such adjustment, the shares subject to the stock option shall be rounded down to the nearest whole share.
(d)
 
Assumption of Awards
. Any other provision hereof to the contrary notwithstanding (except for Section 10(a)), in the event the Company is a party to a merger or other reorganization, outstanding Awards shall be subject to the agreement of merger or reorganization. Such agreement may provide, without limitation, for the assumption of outstanding Awards by the surviving corporation or its parent, for their continuation by the Company (if it is the surviving corporation), for accelerated vesting and accelerated expiration, or for settlement in cash.
(a) Each participant shall, no later than the Tax Date (as defined below), pay to the Company, or make arrangements satisfactory to the Committee regarding payment of, any Withholding Tax (as defined below) with respect to an Award, and the Company shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct such amount from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the participant. The Company shall also have the right to retain or sell without notice, or to demand surrender of, shares of Common Stock in value sufficient to cover the amount of any Withholding Tax, and to make payment (or to reimburse itself for payment made) to the appropriate taxing authority of an amount in cash equal to the amount of such Withholding Tax, remitting any balance to the participant. For purposes of this paragraph, the value of shares of Common Stock so retained or surrendered shall be the average of the high and low sales prices per share on the New York Stock Exchange on the date that the amount of the Withholding Tax is to be determined (the "Tax Date") and the value of shares of Common Stock so sold shall be the actual net sales price per share (after deduction of commissions) received by the Company.
(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the stock options have been transferred, the optionee shall provide the Company with funds sufficient to pay such Withholding Tax. If such optionee does not satisfy the optionee's tax payment obligation and the stock options have been transferred, the transferee may provide the funds sufficient to enable the Company to pay such taxes. However, if the stock options have been transferred, the Company shall have no right to retain or sell without notice, or to demand surrender from the transferee of, shares of Common Stock in order to pay such Withholding Tax.
(c) The term "Withholding Tax" means the minimum required withholding amount applicable to the participant, including federal, state and local income taxes, Federal Insurance Contribution Act taxes and other governmental impost or levy.
(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the participant shall be entitled to satisfy the obligation to pay any Withholding Tax, in whole or in part, by providing the Company with funds sufficient to enable the Company to pay such Withholding Tax or by requiring the Company to retain or to accept upon delivery thereof by the participant shares of Common Stock held by the participant for more than six months having a Fair Market Value sufficient to cover the amount of such Withholding Tax. Each election by a participant to have shares retained or to deliver shares for this purpose shall be subject to the following restrictions: (i) the election must be in writing and be made on or prior to the Tax Date; (ii) the election must be irrevocable; and (iii) the election shall be subject to the disapproval of the Committee.
In the event an optionee's employment with the Company terminates pursuant to a Qualifying Termination (as defined below) during the three (3) year period following a Change in Control of the Company (as defined below) and prior to the exercise of options granted under this Plan, all outstanding options shall become immediately fully vested and exercisable notwithstanding any provisions of the Plan or of the applicable Agreement to the contrary.
In addition, in the event of a Change in Control of the Company, the Committee may (i) determine that outstanding options shall be assumed by, or replaced with comparable options by, the surviving corporation (or a parent or subsidiary of the surviving corporation) and that outstanding Awards shall be converted to similar awards of the surviving corporation (or a parent or subsidiary of the surviving corporation), or (ii) take such other actions with respect to outstanding options and other Awards as the Committee deems appropriate.
 
(a)
  
For purposes of this Plan, a Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred on the earliest of the following dates:
(1)
  
The date any person (as defined in Section 14(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) shall have become the direct or indirect beneficial owner of twenty percent (20%) or more of the then outstanding common shares of the Company;
(2)
  
The date the shareholders of the Company approve a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation other than (i) a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent at least 75% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Company or the surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation, or (ii) a merger or consolidation effected to implement a recapitalization of the Company in which no Person acquires more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding securities;
(3)
  
The date the shareholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company's assets; or
(4)
  
The date there shall have been a change in a majority of the Board of Directors of the Company within a two (2) year period beginning after the effective date of the Plan, unless the nomination for election by the Company's shareholders of each new director was approved by the vote of two-thirds of the directors then still in office who were in office at the beginning of the two (2) year period.
(b) For purposes of this Plan provision, a Qualifying Termination shall be deemed to have occurred under the following circumstances:
(1)
  
A Company-initiated termination for reasons other than the employee's death, Disability, resignation without good cause, willful misconduct or activity deemed detrimental to the interests of the Company, provided the participant executes a general release and, where applicable, a non-solicitation and/or non-compete agreement with the Company;
(2)
  
The participant resigns with good cause, which includes (i) a substantial adverse alteration in the nature or status of the participant's responsibilities, (ii) a reduction in the participant's base salary or levels of entitlement or participation under any incentive plan, award program or employee benefit program without the substitution or implementation of an alternative arrangement of substantially equal value, or (iii) the Company requiring the participant to relocate to a work location more than fifty (50) miles from the participant's work location prior to the Change in Control.
The Board of Directors may amend or suspend this Plan at any time and from time to time; provided, however, that the Board of Directors shall submit for shareholder approval any amendment (other than an amendment pursuant to the adjustment provisions of Section 10) required to be submitted for shareholder approval by law, regulation or applicable stock exchange requirements or that otherwise would:
In addition, no such amendment or alteration shall be made which would impair the rights of any participant without such participant's consent under any Award theretofore granted, provided that no such consent shall be required with respect to any amendment or alteration if the Committee determines in its sole discretion that such amendment or alteration either (i) is required or advisable in order for the Company, the Plan or the Award to satisfy any law or regulation or to meet the requirements of any accounting standard, or (ii) is not reasonably likely to significantly diminish the benefits provided under such Award, or that any such diminishment has been adequately compensated.
(a)
  
By accepting any benefits under the Plan, each participant and each person claiming under or through such participant shall be conclusively deemed to have indicated acceptance and ratification of, and consent to, any action taken or to be taken or made under the Plan by the Company, the Board, the Committee or any other committee appointed by the Board.
(b)
 
No participant or any person claiming under or through him shall have any right or interest, whether vested or otherwise, in the Plan or in any Award, contingent or otherwise, unless and until all of the terms, conditions and provisions of the Plan and the Agreement that affect such participant or such other person shall have been complied with.
(c)
 
Neither the adoption of the Plan nor its operation shall in any way affect the rights and powers of the Company to dismiss or discharge any employee at any time.
This Plan was approved by the Board of Directors of the Company on November 8, 2005 and will become effective on February 8, 2006, subject to the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the votes cast at the 2006 annual meeting of shareholders. The Plan shall expire on February 8, 2010, unless suspended or discontinued earlier by action of the Board of Directors. The expiration of the Plan, however, shall not affect the rights of participants under Awards theretofore granted to them, and all Awards shall continue in force and operation after termination of the Plan except as they may lapse or be terminated by their own terms and conditions.
Nothing contained in this Plan shall be construed to (i) limit the right of the Committee to make substitute awards under this Plan to an employee of another corporation who becomes an employee of the Company by reason of a corporate merger, consolidation, acquisition of stock or property, reorganization or liquidation involving the Company in substitution for an option or award granted by such corporation, or limit the ability of the Company to grant options outside this Plan. The terms and conditions of any Substitute Awards may vary from the terms and conditions required by the Plan and from those of the substituted stock incentives. The Committee shall prescribe the provisions of the Substitute Awards. Any Substitute Awards made pursuant to this Section 16 shall not count against the limitations provided under Section 3.
 
 
The validity, construction, interpretation and effect of the Plan and agreements issued under the Plan shall be governed and construed by and determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Indiana, without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions thereof. The Committee may provide that any dispute as to any Award shall be presented and determined in such forum as the Committee may specify, including through binding arbitration.
 
 
Insofar as it provides for Awards, the Plan shall be unfunded. Although bookkeeping accounts may be established with respect to participants who are granted Awards under this Plan, any such accounts will be used merely as a bookkeeping convenience. The Company shall not be required to segregate or earmark any cash or other property which may at any time be represented by Awards, nor shall this Plan be construed as providing for such segregation or earmarking, nor shall the Company or the Committee be deemed to be a trustee of stock or cash to be awarded under the Plan.
 
 
This Plan, the grant and exercise of Awards thereunder, and the obligation of the Company to sell, issue or deliver shares of Common Stock under such Awards, shall be subject to all applicable federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations and to such approvals by any governmental or regulatory agency as may be required. The Company shall not be required to register in a participant's name or deliver any shares of Common Stock prior to the completion of any registration or qualification of such shares under any federal, state or local law or any ruling or regulation of any government body which the Committee shall determine to be necessary or advisable. To the extent the Company is unable to or the Committee deems it infeasible to obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which authority is deemed by the Company's counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any shares of Common Stock hereunder, the Company shall be relieved of any liability with respect to the failure to issue or sell such shares as to which such requisite authority shall not have been obtained. No stock option shall be exercisable and no shares of Common Stock shall be issued and/or transferable under any other Award unless a registration statement with respect to the shares underlying such stock option is effective and current or the Company has determined that such registration is unnecessary.
 
 
The Company shall not be liable to a participant or other persons as to (a) the non-issuance or sale of shares of Common Stock as to which the Company has been unable to obtain from any regulatory body having jurisdiction the authority deemed by the Company's counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any shares hereunder; and (b) any tax consequence expected, but not realized, by any participant or other person due to the receipt, exercise or settlement of any Award granted hereunder.

Exhibit 10.2
1.
Purpose:
The purpose of the 2006 Incentive Bonus Plan (the "Plan") is to promote the interests of the Company and its shareholders by providing additional cash compensation as incentives to certain key executives of the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates who contribute materially to the success of the Company and such Subsidiaries and Affiliates.
2.
Definitions:
The following terms when used in the Plan shall, for the purposes of the Plan, have the following meanings:
(a) "Affiliate" shall mean any entity in which the Company has an ownership interest of at least 25%.
(c)
  
"Board" means the Board of Directors of the Steak n Shake Company.
(e)
  
"Change in Control" means the happening of any of the following events:
(1) the acquisition by any Person or "beneficial ownership" (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the 1934 Act) of 20% or more of either (A) the then-outstanding shares of Stock ("Outstanding Company Common Stock") or (B) the combined voting power of the then-outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the "Outstanding Company Voting Securities"); provided, however, that, for purposes of this Section 2(e)(1), the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control:
(2) individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board (the "Incumbent Board") cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; provided, however, that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the date hereof whose election, or nomination for election by the Companys shareholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board; or
(3) consummation of a reorganization, merger, statutory share exchange or consolidation or similar corporate transaction involving the Company and/or any entity controlled by the Company, or a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or the acquisition of assets or stock of another entity by the Company or any entity controlled by the Company (each, a "Business Combination"), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination, (A) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities that were the beneficial owners of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 60% of the then outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the then-outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, as the case may be, of the corporation resulting form such Business Combination (including, without limitation, any entity that, as a result of such transaction, owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Companys assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Business Combination of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be, (B) no Person (excluding any entity resulting from such Business Combination or any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or such entity resulting from such Business Combination) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 20% or more of, respectively, the then-outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination or the combined voting power of the then-outstanding voting securities of such corporation, except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination, and (C) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the entity resulting from such Business Combination were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing for such Business Combination; or
(4) approval by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company.
(f) "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
(g) "Company" means the Steak n Shake Company, its Subsidiaries and Affiliates.
(h) "Job Loss" means a Termination of Employment resulting from a corporate restructuring or reorganization, job restructuring, reduction in force, outsourcing or replacement of jobs by technology.
(i) "Participant" means an employee of the Company who is an "executive officer" as defined in Rule 3b-7 promulgated under the Exchange Act who has been granted an Award.
(j) "Performance Goal" means any of the following measures as applied to the Company as a whole or to any Subsidiary, division or other unit of the Company; revenue; operating income; net
 
income; basic or diluted earnings per share; return on revenue; return on assets; return on equity; return on total capital; or total shareholder return.
(k) "Performance Period" for an Award means the period of time for the measurement of the extent to which the applicable Performance Goals are attained.
(l) "Retirement" shall mean termination of the employment of an employee with the Company or a Subsidiary or Affiliate on terms that allow them to collect benefits under the Companys 401k and Profit Sharing Plan.
(m) "Section 162(m) Exemption" means the exemption from the limitation on deductibility imposed by Section 162(m) of the Code that is set forth in Section 162(m)(4)(C) of the Code.
(n) "Subsidiary" shall mean any corporation, which at the time qualifies as a subsidiary of the Company under the definition of "subsidiary corporation" in Section 424 of the Code.
(o) "Termination of Employment" of a Participant means the termination of the Participants employment with the Company and the Subsidiaries.
 
 
3.
 
Administration:
The Plan shall be administered under the supervision of the Board, which may exercise its powers, to the extent herein provided, through the agency of its Compensation Committee or a subcommittee thereof (the "Committee"). The Committee shall consist of not less than two (2) members of the Board who meet the definition of "non-employee directors" under the provisions of Section 162(m) of the Code and the definition of "independent directors" under the provisions of the Exchange Act or the regulations or rules promulgated thereunder.
4.
 
Eligibility; Maximum Awards:
Awards may be granted to any Participant. The maximum amount of cash that may be payable with respect to any one Award shall be 175% of a Participants salary in the first year of the performance period.
5.
 
Establishment of Awards:
(a) Basic Terms of Awards. In connection with the grant of each Award, the Committee shall, within the time period required to qualify for the Section 162(m) Exemption.
(1) determine the Performance Goal(s) and Performance Period applicable to such Award,
(2) establish the formula for determining the amounts payable based upon achievement of the applicable Performance Goal,
(3) determine the consequences for the Award of the Participants Termination of Employment for various reasons or the Participants demotion or promotion during the Performance Period,
(4) specify the consequences for the Award of the occurrence of a Change in Control during the Performance Period (if such consequences are to be different from those provided in Section 6 below), and
(5) establish such other terms and conditions for the Award as it may deem appropriate.
(b) Performance Goals may take the form of absolute goals or goals relative to the performance of one or more other companies comparable to the Company or of an index covering multiple companies. In establishing Performance Goals, the Committee may specify that there shall be excluded the effect of restructuring charges, discontinued operations, extraordinary items, cumulative effects of accounting changes, and other unusual or nonrecurring items, and asset impairment, in each case as those terms are defined under generally accepted accounting principles and provided in each case that such excluded items are objectively determinable by reference to the Companys financial statements, notes to the Companys financial statements and/or managements discussion and analysis in the Companys financial statements.
(c) A cash payment may be made to a Participant pursuant to an Award only upon the achievement of the applicable Performance Goal(s), except that the Committee may provide, either in connection with the grant thereof or by amendment thereafter, that achievement of such Performance Goals will be waived in whole or in part upon the death or Disability of the Participant, in the event of a Change in Control, or such other event as the Committee may deem appropriate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, the Committee may not exercise any discretionary authority it may otherwise have under this Plan with respect to an Award, in any manner to waive the achievement of the applicable Performance Goals or to increase the amount payable pursuant thereto or the value thereof, or otherwise in a manner that would cause the Award to cease to qualify for the Section 162(m) Exemption.
6.
 
Change in Control:
Unless otherwise determined by the Committee in connection with the grant of an Award, upon a Change in Control during the Performance Period for any Award, the Participant shall be entitled to receive, promptly following the Change in Control (and in any event within 30 days thereafter), a payment with respect thereto equal to (i) the amount that would be payable with respect to such Award, if the applicable Performance Goals for the Performance Period were achieved at the level achieved during the portion of the Performance Period that precedes the Change in Control times, (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the portion of the Performance Period that precedes the Change in Control and the denominator of which is the total number of days in the Performance Period; provided, that the Participant shall forfeit his or right to receive such payment if he or she experiences a Termination of Employment for Cause before the payment is made. The amount paid with respect to any Award under this Section 6 shall offset the amount (if any) that becomes payable with respect thereto following completion of the Performance Period of the Award.
7.
 
Non-Transferability:
Awards granted hereunder shall not be assignable or transferable other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution.
8.
 
Withholding Taxes:
The Company may withhold or cause to be withheld from any or all cash payments made under this Plan such amounts as are necessary to satisfy all federal, state and local withholding tax requirements related thereto.
9.
 
Funding:
Benefits payable under this Plan to any person shall be paid directly by the Company. The Company shall not be required to fund, or otherwise segregate assets to be used for payment of, benefits under this Plan.
10.
 
No Employment Rights:
Neither the establishment of this Plan, nor the granting of any Award, shall be construed to (a) give any Participant the right to remain employed by the Company or to any benefits not specifically provided by this Plan, or (b) in any manner modify the right of the Company to modify, amend, or terminate any of its employee benefit plans.
11.
 
Nature of Payments:
Any and all grants of Awards and payments of cash hereunder shall constitute special incentive payments to the Participant, other than payments pursuant to Awards with Performance Periods of one year or less, and shall not be taken into account in computing the amount of salary or compensation of the Participant for the purposes of determining any pension, retirement, death or other benefits under (a) any qualified, non-qualified or supplemental pension, retirement or profit-sharing plan of the Company, (b) any bonus, life insurance or other employee benefit plan of the Company, or (c) any agreement between the Company, and the Participant, on the other hand, except as such plan or agreement shall otherwise expressly provide.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, payments of cash hereunder may be deferred under any such plan if and to the extent such plan so provides.
12.
 
Non-Uniform Determinations:
The Committees determinations under this Plan need not be uniform, and may be made by the Committee selectively among individuals who receive, or are eligible to receive, Awards (whether or not such individuals are similarly situated). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Committee shall be entitled, among other things, to make non-uniform and selective determinations, to enter into non-uniform and selective Award Agreements as to (a) the identity of the Participants, (b) the terms and provisions of Awards, and (c) the treatment of Terminations of Employment.
 
(a) By accepting any benefits under the Plan, each Participant and each person claiming under or through him shall be conclusively deemed to have indicated acceptance and ratification of, and consent to, any action taken or made to be taken or made under the Plan by the Company, the Board, the Committee or any other committee appointed by the Board.
(b) Any action taken or decision made by the Company, the Board, the Committee, or any other committee appointed by the Board arising out of or in connection with the construction, administration, interpretation or effect of the Plan or of the Regulations shall lie within its absolute discretion, as the case may be, and shall be conclusive and binding upon all Participants and all persons claiming under or through any Participant.
(c) No member of the Board, the Committee, or any other committee appointed by the Board shall be liable for any act or failure to act of any other member, or of any officer, agent or employee of such Board or Committee, as the case may be, or for any act or failure to act, except on account of their own acts done in bad faith. The fact that a member of the Board shall then be, shall theretofore have been or thereafter may be a Participant in the Plan shall not disqualify such person from voting at any time as a director with regard to any matter concerning the Awards, or in favor of or against any amendment or alteration of the Plan, provided that such amendment or alteration shall provide no benefit for directors as such and provided that such amendment or alteration shall be of general application.
(d) The Board, the Committee, or any other committee appointed by the Board may rely upon any information supplied to them by any officer of the Company or any Subsidiary and may rely upon the advice of counsel in connection with the administration of the Plan and shall be fully protected in relying upon information or advice.
14.
 
Amendment of Plan and Awards:
 
The Board may from time to time in its discretion amend or modify this Plan or Awards without the approval of the shareholders of the Company; provided that except as provided in the next sentence, no such amendment shall adversely affect any previously-granted Award without the consent of the Participant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may from time to time amend Awards, without the consent of affected Participants, (i) to comply with applicable law, stock exchange rules or accounting rules, and (ii) to make changes that do not materially decrease the value of such Awards. In no event may any Award be amended in any manner that would cause it to cease to qualify for the Section 162(m) Exemption.
15.
 
Term of the Plan:
This Plan was approved by the Board of Directors of the Company on November 8, 2005 and will become effective on February 8, 2006, subject to the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the votes cast unless suspended or discontinued earlier by action of the Board of Directors. The Plan will expire on the last day of the Companys Fiscal Year 2010. The expiration of the Plan, however, shall not affect the rights of the Participants under Awards theretofore granted to them, and all Awards shall continue in force and operation after termination of the Plan except as they may lapse or be terminated by their own terms and conditions.
16.
 
Controlling Law:
The law of the State of Indiana, except its law with respect to choice of law, shall be controlling in all matters relative to this Plan.

 
Exhibit 10.3
 
THIS AGREEMENT, made this ____
day of _______, 20__ by and between THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY, an Indiana corporation with its principal office at 36 South Pennsylvania Street, Indianapolis, Indiana (hereinafter called "Company") and 
_______________________
(hereinafter called "Grantee") pursuant to the terms, conditions and limitations contained in the Company's Employee Stock Option Plan (hereinafter called the "Plan").
 
WITNESSETH THAT:
WHEREAS, in the interests of affording an incentive to the Grantee to give his/her best efforts to the Company as a key employee, the Company wishes to provide that the Grantee shall have an option to buy shares of the common stock ("Common Stock") of the Company:
NOW, THEREFORE, it is hereby mutually agreed as follows:
 
 
 
 
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and the Grantee have signed this Stock Option Agreement as of the day and year first above written.
"COMPANY"
By: ___________________________________
ATTEST:
_________________________________
 
  "
   
   
   
GRANTEE"
By: ___________________________________

Exhibit 14.1
 
 
Adopted August 24, 2005
Last Updated February 8, 2006
Dear Colleague:
As an Associate of Steak n Shake, you share the privilege and responsibility of upholding the Companys commitment to the highest standards of integrity. You do this each time you act ethically and legally. And, while such conduct is often considered second nature, there are many situations where making the "right choice" can be challenging. 
In a time when the news media is full of business leaders and companies whose actions have engendered public suspicion and mistrust, Steak n Shake must continue to stand apart; and in that spirit, we make the following commitments. 
To the marketplace, Steak n Shake commits to compete legally and ethically. We will act responsibly in our relationships with our guests, business partners, suppliers and each other. We will be honest and fair in our business dealings.  T
o our Company and shareholders, Steak n Shake commits to doing the right thing and operating with your best interests in mind. We will be forthright about our operations and performance, and exercise care in the use of our assets and resources. We will avoid conflicts of interest. 
To our Associates, Steak n Shake commits that all Associates and applicants will be treated with honesty, fairness and respect. We believe in cooperation, teamwork and trust. Hostility and harassment are illegal and offensive - there is no place for them at Steak n Shake. We believe in promoting the safest possible workplace.
This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is a guide to help all of us keep these commitments. Please read it carefully to acquaint or re-acquaint yourself with the standards of conduct expected of everyone at Steak n Shake. We trust that each of you will accept and adhere to these principles faithfully. While we live and work in a complicated world, in the end, our ethics will be a primary source of our strength and success, both as individuals and as a Company.
Sincerely,
Alan B. Gilman, Chairman
 
 
 
Peter M. Dunn, President
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
("Whistleblower Policy")
 
This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the "Code") covers a wide range of business practices and procedures. It is intended as an overview of the Companys guiding principles and not as a restatement of the Companys existing policies. It does not cover every issue that may arise, but sets out basic principles to guide all Associates, officers and directors of the Company. All of our Associates, officers and directors must conduct themselves according to this Code and seek to avoid even the appearance of improper behavior.
The policies in this Code are designed to ensure complete compliance with all federal, state and local laws and regulations. If, as a result of a revision or change in the law a law conflicts with a policy in this Code, Associates, officers and directors must always comply with the law. However, if a local custom or policy conflicts with this Code, you must comply with the Code. The Companys General Counsel serves as the corporate Compliance Officer for the Code. Having one Compliance Officer will ensure that there is a broad application and consistent interpretation of our standards throughout the Company. Questions about the applicability of the Code to any particular situation should be addressed to the Companys General Counsel by the following methods:
By telephone:
 
(317) 656-4533
By mail:
 
General Counsel
The Steak n Shake Company
36 South Pennsylvania Street
Suite 500
Indianapolis, IN 46204
By email:
 
dave.milne@steaknshake.com
Our Commitment
 
 
"Steak n Shake commits to compete legally and ethically. We will act responsibly in our relationships with our guests, business partners, suppliers and each other. We will be honest and fair in our business dealings."
A.
 
Compliance with Laws, Rules and Regulations
 
Obeying the law, both in letter and in spirit is the foundation on which this Companys ethical standards are built. All Associates, officers and directors must respect and obey the laws of the United States and of the states and cities in which the Company conducts business. To that effect, all Associates, officers and directors must take an active role in becoming knowledgeable of and ensuring compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.
Steak n Shake is a restaurant company that always strives to serve the highest quality food to our guests in a clean and healthy environment. Our Associates must, therefore, comply fully with all health and safety laws and regulations that relate to our restaurants. During any government inspection or investigation, or any Company investigation relating to the violation of a law or policy, you should never destroy or alter any Company documents, lie or make misleading statements to the government investigator, attempt to cause another Associate to fail to provide accurate information and/or obstruct, mislead or delay the communication of information and records.
It is illegal for any Steak n Shake Associate to make or approve payments to government officials at the national, state or local levels to improperly influence the behavior of such officials. In addition, federal, state and local governments have a number of laws and regulations regarding the acceptance of gratuities by government personnel. The promise, offer or delivery to a government official of a gift, favor or gratuity in violation of these laws and regulations would not only violate Company policy, but could also be a criminal offense. Making improper payments and gratuities to government official is strictly prohibited.
It is against the Companys policy for directors, officers or Associates to use Company funds for contributions of any kind to any political party or Committee or to any candidate for, or holder of, any office of any national, state or local government. Further, Associates may not be given time off with pay for political activity. This policy applies only to the use of Company funds or assets, however, and is not intended to restrict in any manner the use of personal funds by the Companys directors, officers or Associates for political contributions. In fact, the Company encourages all Associates, officers and directors to take part in the political process.
We seek to outperform our competition fairly and honestly. We seek competitive advantages through superior performance, never through unethical or illegal business practices. Stealing proprietary information, possessing trade secret information that was obtained without the owners consent, or inducing such disclosures by past or present Associates of other companies is prohibited. You should endeavor to respect the rights of and deal fairly with the Companys suppliers, competitors and their Associates. You should not take unfair advantage of anyone through manipulation, concealment, abuse of privileged information, misrepresentation of material facts, or any other intentional unfair-dealing practice.
The Company desires that its suppliers, consultants, vendors and other business partners understand that their business relationship with the Company is based totally on their ability to competitively meet the Companys business needs. Therefore, solicitations of cash, merchandise or services from suppliers, consultants, vendors and other business partners are not allowed, except when made in furtherance of the Company's business. Likewise, our Associates, officers and directors are prohibited from providing vendors with inappropriate gifts to solicit an unfair advantage or favorable treatment.
Our Commitment
Accurate business records are essential to the management of the Company and to maintaining and safeguarding investor confidence. Accurate business records also help Steak n Shake to fulfill its obligations to provide full, fair, timely and understandable financial disclosure. Therefore, all of the Companys books, records, accounts and financial statements must be maintained in reasonable detail, must fully and fairly reflect all Company transactions and must conform both to applicable laws and regulations and to the Companys system of internal controls.
Unrecorded or "off the books" funds or assets are contrary to the Companys policies and should not be maintained. This policy also applies to time reports, vouchers, bills, invoices, expense reports, benefits records, performance evaluations and other essential Company data. Records should always be retained or destroyed according to the Companys record retention policy.
It is the Companys policy to provide full, fair, timely and understandable disclosures in all reports and documents that the Company files with or submits to the Securities Exchange Commission, or state, local or national taxing authorities, as well as in all other public communications made by the Company. In furtherance of this policy, the executive officers of the Company will design, implement and amend as necessary, disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls for financial reporting (collectively, "Controls and Procedures"). All executive officers, directors and Associates will fully comply with the Controls and Procedures to promote full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosures by the Company.
No director, officer or Associate may: (a) take for himself or herself personally, opportunities that are discovered through the use of Company property, information or position (for example, purchasing a piece of property that the Company plans to purchase); (b) use Company property, information or position for personal gain; or (c) compete with the Company. Directors, officers and Associates owe a duty to the Company to advance its legitimate interests when the opportunity to do so arises.
Associates, officers and directors must not disclose any Company confidential or proprietary information or trade secrets to persons outside of the Company, except as specifically authorized by management pursuant to written authorization from the Companys General Counsel. Confidential information includes, but is not limited to, all non-public business, financial, personnel or technological information, plans, data, pricing and sales information, food and beverage processes, recipes and the like, and other processes or systems related to any portion of the Companys business that might be of use to competitors or harmful to the Company, its suppliers or business partners.
Associates, officers and directors who have access to confidential information are obligated to safeguard it from unauthorized access and;
Associates, officers or directors who have access to non-public material information are not permitted to use or share that information for stock trading purposes or for any other purpose except the conduct of the Companys business. The term "trade" includes all purchases and sales of securities. All non-public information about the Company should be considered confidential information. To use non-public information for personal financial benefit or to "tip" others who might make an investment decision on the basis of this information is not only unethical, but also a violation of federal securities laws and can result in civil and criminal penalties. Non-public material information includes, but is not limited to, significant new product/service developments, sales and earnings reports or projections, major contracts with suppliers, plans for stock splits, buy backs or dividends and potential acquisitions or mergers. Such non-public material information in the case of another company would also include knowledge that the other company may enter into or is negotiating for a contract important to it for the sale of property, goods or services to or by the Company. In these instances where you have such information, you must refrain from buying or selling or encouraging others to buy or sell the Companys securities or securities of another company, as the case may be, until the information has been disclosed to the general public. For more complete information, please refer to the Companys Insider Trading Policy.
All Associates, officers and directors should endeavor to protect the Companys assets and ensure their efficient use. Theft, carelessness, and waste have a direct impact on the Companys profitability. Any suspected incident of fraud or theft should be immediately reported for investigation. Company assets should not be used for non-Company business, though incidental personal use may be permitted.
Email systems and Internet services are provided to help Associates perform their work. Incidental and occasional personal use is permitted, but never for personal gain or any improper purpose. Associates should not access, send, or download any message that could be viewed as offensive to others or in violation of the Companys harassment policies.
Messages (including voice mail) and computer information are considered Company property and Associates should not have any expectation of privacy with regard to them. Unless prohibited by law, the Company reserves the right to access and disclose this information as necessary for business purposes. Associates should use good judgment, and not access, send messages, or store any information that they would not want to be seen or heard by other individuals. Violation of these policies may result in disciplinary actions up to and including discharge from the Company.
Associates, officers and directors have an obligation to protect the Companys assets, including proprietary information. Proprietary information includes intellectual property such as trade secrets, recipes, patents and trademarks, as well as business, marketing and service plans, engineering ideas, designs, databases, records, salary information and any unpublished financial data and reports. Unauthorized use or distribution of this information may destroy the informations value, harm the Companys competitive position, or constitute breaches of agreements. It could also be illegal and result in civil or criminal penalties.
Conflicts of interest are strictly prohibited under this Code. A "conflict of interest" exists when the private interest of an Associate, officer or director interferes - or even appears to interfere - in any way with the interests of the Company. The existence of a conflict depends upon the circumstances, including the nature and relative importance of the interest involved. A conflict of interest situation can arise when an Associate, officer or director takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her Company work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise when an Associate, officer or director, or a member of his or her family (Family members include spouse, children, stepchildren, grandchildren, parents, stepparents, brothers, sisters, grandparents, in- laws, spouses in-laws, and any person living in the same household as the director, officer or Associate.)
, receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position with the Company.
Although it is not practical to list every activity or interest that might present a conflict of interest, the following are examples of specific situations in which conflicts of interest could arise, and sets forth the Companys policy with respect to such conflicts of interest.
Directors, officers or Associates, or members of their families, shall not acquire, own or have a significant financial interest (As a minimum standard, a significant financial interest is an aggregate interest of a director, officer or Associate and family members of more than (a) 5% of any class of the outstanding securities of a company, (b) 5% interest in a partnership or association, or (c) 5% of the total direct and beneficial assets or income of such director, officer or Associate. A significant financial interest generally will not include an investment representing less than 1% of a class of utstanding securities of a publicly held company.)  in any business organization that does or seeks to do business with the Company or is a competitor of the Company, (a) such interest has been fully disclosed in writing to the Companys General Counsel and (b) the General Counsel notifies the director, officer or Associate in writing that it has been determined that the interest is permissible. The Companys General Counsel will seek the assistance of the Audit Committee or Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of our Directors in reaching a decision regarding a possible conflict of interest when required.
unless
Directors, officers or Associates shall not serve or accept an offer to serve as a director, partner, consultant of, or in a managerial position, or any other form of employment or affiliation with any business organization that does significant business with or is a competitor of the Company,
unless
(a) such position, employment or affiliation has been fully disclosed in writing to the Companys General Counsel and (b) the General Counsel notifies the director, officer or Associate in writing that it has been determined that such position, employment or affiliation is permissible.
No director, officer or Associate shall conduct business on behalf of the Company with a member of his or her family, or a business organization with which he or she or a family member has an interest or employment relationship that calls for disclosure under the Code standards described above or that otherwise could be considered significant in terms of potential conflict of interest,
unless
(a) such business dealings have been disclosed in writing to the Companys General Counsel and (b) the General Counsel notifies the director, officer or Associate in writing that it has been determined that such transaction is permissible.
Should an officer or Associate be engaged in outside employment not related to his or her regularly assigned work and not covered by the Code standards described above, such outside employment must not detract from the officers or Associates job performance or otherwise be detrimental to the best interests of the Company.
The potential for conflict of interest exists if an Associates spouse, partner or immediate family member also works at the Company and is in a direct reporting relationship with that Associate. Associates should not directly supervise, report to, or be in a position to influence the hiring, work assignments or evaluations of someone with whom they have a romantic or familial relationship. For more detailed information regarding this policy, please refer to the Administration Manual.
With prior approval, Associates and officers may give lectures, conduct seminars, publish articles in books or engage in any other similar activity for which an Associate or officer may be paid a fee or honorarium. However, any fees, honorariums or reimbursements must be transferred to the Company unless written approval is given by the Companys General Counsel to retain them. This provision does not apply to the Companys non-employee directors.
The Company has many suppliers, and they are vital to our success. Accordingly, relationships with suppliers must be based entirely on sound business decisions and fair dealing. Meals, gifts and entertainment can build goodwill, enable our Associates to better know those with whom they work, and can be an integral part of doing business. They can also make it harder to be objective about the person providing the gift or entertainment. This Policy is designed to help you draw a proper line between appropriate and inappropriate gifts and entertainment. If you have any questions about a particular situation you should contact the Companys General Counsel for clarification.
As used in this policy, "Gifts" and "Entertainment" mean anything of value offered to an Associate or his/her immediate family member (spouse, parents, children) by a supplier, potential supplier, or any person who may seek to influence any business decision or transaction involving the Company. Examples of Gifts and Entertainment include discounts, loans, cash, favorable terms on any product or service, services, prizes, transportation, use of another companys vehicles or vacation facilities, jobs, tickets, meals and gift certificates. The potential list is endless - these are simply examples.
You should keep accurate written records of all Gifts and Entertainment you are offered each year to assist you in completing an annual Gift and Entertainment reporting form.
The Company relies on its Associates to make business judgments based on the Companys best interests. Gifts and Entertainment could adversely affect ones judgment or create the appearance of doing so. The Company has adopted guidelines for the acceptance of Gifts and Entertainment to ensure an Associates judgment is not impaired or perceived to be impaired as a result of the receipt of a Gift or Entertainment.
The limits in this policy do not apply to larger gifts that are intended to be shared with all Associates (i.e. - donations for Associate events, basketball tickets provided to the Company by a college or television station for game(s) the Company sponsors, etc.). Notify the Companys General Counsel of these gifts and allocate them in accordance with the guidance provided by the General Counsel and/or your departments Vice President.
To assist you in your evaluation of Gifts and Entertainment we have categorized them as "Acceptable" or "Never Acceptable."
A
 
Acceptable Gifts and Entertainment
Some Gifts and Entertainment are of such an inconsequential value that they would not impair an Associates judgment. Gifts and/or Entertainment from any single source with a value of less than $150 in any calendar year are acceptable (so long as they do not fall into the "Never Acceptable" category below). Examples include:
If you accept a Gift or Entertainment that you believe will fall into this category but later realize it does not, you must notify your direct supervisor in writing on the next business day and resolve the potential violation of this Policy to the satisfaction of your supervisor and the Companys General Counsel.
B.
 
Never Acceptable
Some Gifts and Entertainment are simply never acceptable, for legal or appearance reasons. Examples of such Gifts and Entertainment are:
C.
 
How to Handle Impermissible Gifts and Entertainment
If you receive an impermissible Gift you should immediately return it with an explanation of this policy. Likewise, you should decline an invitation to impermissible Entertainment with an explanation of this policy.
If you cannot reasonably return an impermissible Gift you should notify your supervisor and/or the Companys General Counsel. Such a Gift will become the Companys property and may either be shared among Associates, offered to a particular Associate or group of Associates, sold, auctioned or donated to charity.
D.
 
Questions and Answers
A:
 
No, since the vendor will not attend with you.
No policy can cover every situation, but we hope this Policy provides you with some guidance in your dealings with vendors. If you have any questions regarding the Policy or any specific situation please contact your supervisor or the Companys General Counsel.
 
 
 
(8)
 
Company Funds
All Associates are responsible for Company funds under their control. Funds should be spent only for valid business purposes and at prices representing the best value for the Company.
Our Commitment
Steak n Shakes people are a key source of our competitive edge. The Company strongly supports and recognizes its responsibility to provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified individuals. The Company places a high value on diversity. The Company strongly believes that all people are unique and valuable and should be respected for their individual abilities.
In support of these beliefs, the Company has established a corporate policy regarding discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, gender, age, color, religion, disability, ethnic or national origin, or any other characteristic protected by law. The policy applies to all personnel relationships including, but not limited to: promotions, transfers, training, job assignments, job stations, hours of work, rates of pay, working conditions, terminations, and all terms and conditions of employment. Further, the Company prohibits discrimination against guests on the basis of race, gender, age, color, religion, disability, ethnic or national origin, or any other characteristic protected by law.
All officers and Associates are expected to adhere to the laws, regulations and Company policies relating to equal opportunity, non-discrimination and non-harassment. To review these policies in greater detail, please refer to the Crew Member Handbook or the Administration Manual.
The Company strives to provide the safest possible workplace. Each Associate has a responsibility to help us maintain a safe and healthy workplace by following safety and health rules and practices and reporting accidents, injuries and unsafe equipment, practices or conditions.
Violence and threatening behavior are not permitted. Associates should report to work in a condition to perform their duties, free from the influence of illegal drugs or alcohol. The use of illegal drugs or alcohol in the workplace will not be tolerated. For more information regarding the Companys health and safety policies, please consult the Companys Crew Member Handbook or Administration Manual
Steak n Shake counts on all Associates, officers and directors to uphold the Companys standards. By knowing, understanding and following applicable laws and Company policies, Associates, officers and directors have the ability to make Steak n Shake a better Company and to enhance their futures. Inquiries about the applicability of this Code, laws or Company policies to a particular situation should be directed to the Companys General Counsel under the procedure set forth below. Steak n Shake is dedicated to ensuring that the standards of legal and ethical behavior are upheld.
The Companys General Counsel is responsible for interpreting this Code and applying it to specific situations. The Companys General Counsel may be contacted by the following methods:
By telephone:
 
 
(317) 656-4533
By Mail:
 
 
General Counsel
The Steak n Shake Company
36 South Pennsylvania Street
Suite 500
Indianapolis, IN 46204
By Email:
 
 
dave.milne@steaknshake.com
Under some circumstances, the General Counsel will seek guidance from the Audit Committee or Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors or from outside counsel. All inquiries or reports made to the General Counsel will receive a response.
By Telephone
 
 
(317) 656-4533
By Mail:
 
 
General Counsel
The Steak n Shake Company
36 South Pennsylvania Street
Suite 500
Indianapolis, IN 46204
By Email:
 
 
dave.milne@steaknshake.com
or via the Anonymous Hotline at (888) 989-7444.
Reports of any violations or suspected violations of any law, regulation, rule or this Code may also be made to the Companys independent outside lawyers on a confidential or anonymous basis at:
Baker & Daniels
c/o Dave Worrell
300 North Meridian Street
Indianapolis, IN 46204
317-237-0300
While you are free to report any violations of law or this policy to Baker & Daniels, if your complaint concerns harassment, discrimination, your employment, pay or benefits and does not involve upper corporate management, it is recommended you report it through the Companys hotline at 1-888-989-7444.
Baker & Daniels will report complaints directly to the Company's Audit Committee. Further, the Company is legally obligated to report any concerns or complaints to the Audit Committee.
Audit Committee
c/o General Counsel
36 South Pennsylvania Street
Suite 500
Indianapolis, IN 46204
or via the Anonymous Hotline at (888) 989-7444.
Concerns regarding the Companys auditing, accounting, or disclosure practices may also be made to the Companys independent outside law firm on a confidential or anonymous basis at:
Baker & Daniels
c/o Dave Worrell
300 North Meridian Street
Indianapolis, IN 46204
317-237-0300
While you are free to report any violations of law or this policy to Baker & Daniels, if your complaint concerns harassment, discrimination, your employment, pay or benefits and does not involve upper corporate management, it is recommended you report it through the Companys hotline at 1-888-989-7444.
Baker & Daniels will report complaints directly to the Company's Audit Committee. Further, the Company is legally obligated to report any concerns regarding accounting, auditing or disclosure matters to the Audit Committee.
Any alleged retaliation for using this Whistleblower Policy should be reported to the Companys General Counsel immediately at (317) 656-4533 or at the address set forth above. Reports of retaliation may also be made to the Anonymous Hotline at ((888) 989-7444) or to the Companys Audit Committee, or to the Companys outside counsel at the addresses set forth above. Complaints should be as detailed as possible, including the names of individuals involved, the names of any witnesses, and any documentary evidence.
The Company will promptly undertake and direct an effective, thorough and objective investigation of all allegations of prohibited retaliation. The investigation will be completed in a timely manner and a determination regarding the alleged retaliation will be made and communicated to the person who complained and to the person(s) accused of retaliation. Based on the results of the investigation, the Company will take appropriate action to rectify any violations of this Whistleblower Policy including, but not limited to, disciplining (up to and including discharge) any person who engages in prohibited retaliation. The Company will also take action to deter any future retaliation. Whatever action is taken against the person responsible for the retaliation will be communicated to the party who complained.
Any waivers of this Code for the Companys executive officers or directors may only be made by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors and must be promptly disclosed to the Companys shareholders, as required by law and regulation.
Any waiver of this Code for other Associates may only be made in writing by the Companys General Counsel, who may seek the guidance of the Companys executive officers or the Audit or Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors or outside counsel before providing a response.
While the Code standards are extensive, they are by no means exhaustive. The Code can not express all the policies and procedures the Company believes its Associates, officers and directors should follow.
If you suspect that a violation of the law or the Code has taken place or may take place, keep the following guidelines in mind:
You may report ethical violations in confidence and without fear of retaliation.
If your situation allows your identity be kept secret, your anonymity will be protected. The Company does not permit retaliation of any kind against Associates for good faith reports of ethical violations.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20060323160754.txt.gz
TIME:20060323160754
EVENTS:	Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ]    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ]    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
ITEM 1.02 TERMINATION OF A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT
 
On March 22, 2006, The Steak n Shake Company (the "Company") and Kelley Operations, Inc. ("Kelley") terminated the Uniform Franchise Agreement, Contract for the Purchase and Sale of Real Estate, and Personal Property Sales Agreement which were entered into on December 16, 2005 and previously reported on a Form 8-K filed with the Commision on December 22, 2005.  The termination occurred after Wayne L. Kelley is a member of the board of directors of the Company and is president of Kelley.
Kelley determined that it no longer wanted to proceed with the proposed franchise relationship at this time.  Neither the Company nor Kelley will incur any penalties or have further obligations under the agreement as a result of the termination. 
 
 
ITEM 5.02 DEPARTURE OF DIRECTORS OR PRINCIPLES; ELECTION OF DIRECTORS; APPOINTMENT OF PRINCIPLE OFFICERS
 
On March 20, 2006, the Company announced that Edward Wilhelm was appointed to the Companys Board of Directors.  Mr. Wilhelm will serve on the Companys Audit and Compensation Committees. Mr. Wilhelm is currently the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Borders Group, Inc., a leading global retailer of books, music and movies with more than 1,200 stores worldwide, where he has served in various senior executive capacities since 1994. He served in several senior executive posts at the Kmart Corporation from 1991 through 1994, after a successful, ten-year career with PricewaterhouseCoopers.  No transactions occurred since the beginning of the Company's last fiscal year to which the Company was a party in which Mr. Wilhelm had or is to have a direct or indirect material interest.
 
 
ITEM 5.03  AMENDMENTS TO ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OR BYLAWS; CHANGE IN FISCAL YEAR
 
Effective March 20, 2006, the Company's Board of Directors amended its bylaws to increase the number of persons who may serve on the Board of Directors from nine to ten. A copy of the bylaws, as amended, is filed as Exhibit 3.1 to this report.
ITEM 9.01 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS
 (d) Exhibits
   
3.1 Restated Bylaws, as amended.
   
 
 
   
 
 
    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
                    THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
   
   
   
   
 
 
                                                                  By:    
/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
        
 
                                                                                  Jeffrey A. Blade,
 
                                                                                  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 
                                                                                  Dated: March 20, 2006

Exhibit 3.1
 
 
Section 1.
 
Name
. The name of the corporation is The Steak n Shake Company ("Corporation").
Section 2.
 
Principal Office and Resident Agent
. The post-office address of the principal office of the Corporation is 500 Century Building, 36 South Pennsylvania Street, Indianapolis, Indiana 46204, and the name and post-office address of its Resident Agent in charge of such office is C T Corporation System, 36 South Pennsylvania Street, Suite 700, Indianapolis, Indiana 46204.
Section 3.
 
Seal
. The seal of the Corporation shall be circular in form and mounted upon a metal die, suitable for impressing the same upon paper. About the upper periphery of the seal shall appear the words "The Steak n Shake Company" and about the lower periphery thereof the word "Indiana". In the center of the seal shall appear the word "Seal".
The fiscal year of the Corporation shall end on the last Wednesday in September of each calendar year.
Section 1.
 
Number of Shares and Classes of Capital Stock
.
The total number of shares of common stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 50,000,000 shares, which shall consist of 50,000,000 common shares without par value. In addition, the Corporation shall have the authority to issue 10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock on the terms and conditions set forth in the amendment to the Articles of Incorporation adopted May 16, 2001.
Section 2.
 
Consideration for No Par Shares
.
The shares of stock of the Corporation without par value shall be issued or sold in such manner and for such amount of consideration as may be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors, such shares of stock shall be fully paid and nonassessable.
Section 3.
 
Consideration for Treasury Shares
.
Treasury shares may be disposed of by the Corporation for such consideration as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors.
Section 4.
 
Payment for Shares
.
The consideration for the issuance of shares of capital stock of the Corporation may be paid, in whole or in part, in money, in other property, tangible or intangible, or in labor actually performed for, or services actually rendered to the Corporation which is transferred to stated capital upon the issuance of shares as a share dividend shall be deemed to be the consideration for the issuance of such shares. When payment of the consideration for which a share was authorized to be issued shall have been received by the Corporation, or when surplus shall have been transferred to stated capital upon the issuance of a share dividend, such share shall be declared and taken to be fully paid and not liable to any further call or assessment, and the holder thereof shall not be liable for any further payments thereon. In the absence of actual fraud in the transaction, the judgment of the Board of Directors as to the value of such property, labor or services received as consideration, or the value placed by the Board of Directors upon the corporate assets in the event of a share dividend, shall be conclusive. Promissory notes, uncertified checks, or future services shall not be accepted in payment or part payment of the capital stock of the Corporation, except as permitted by The Indiana Business Corporation Law.
Section 5.
 
Certificates for Shares
.
Each holder of capital stock of the Corporation shall be entitled to a stock certificate, signed by the Chairman or a Vice President and the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary of the Corporation, with the seal of the Corporation thereto affixed, stating the name of the registered holder, the number of shares represented by such certificate, the par value of each share of stock or that such shares of stock are without par value, and that such shares are not fully paid and nonassessable. If such shares are not fully paid, and as further payments are made, the certificate shall be stamped accordingly.
If the Corporation is authorized to issue shares of more than one class, every certificate shall state the kind and class of shares represented thereby, and the relative rights, interests, preferences and restrictions of such class, or a summary thereof, provided, that such statement may be omitted from the certificate if it shall be set forth upon the face or back of the certificate that such statement, in full, will be furnished by the Corporation to any shareholder upon written request and without charge.
Section 6.
 
Facsimile Signatures
.
If a certificate is countersigned by the written signature of a transfer agent other than the Corporation or its employee, the signatures of the officers of the Corporation may be facsimiles. If a certificate is countersigned by the written signature of a registrar other than the Corporation or its employee, the signatures of the transfer agent and the officer, transfer agent, or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent, or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent, or registrar at the date of its issue.
Section 7.
 
Transfer of Shares
.
The share of capital stock of the Corporation shall be transferable only on the books of the Corporation upon surrender of the certificate or certificates representing the same, properly endorsed by the registered holder or by his duly authorized attorney or accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignment or authority to transfer.
Section 8.
 
Cancellation
.
Every certificate surrendered to the Corporation for exchange or transfer shall be canceled, and no new certificate or certificates shall be issued in exchange for any existing certificate until such existing certificate shall have been so canceled, except in cases provided for in Section 10 of this Article III.
Section 9.
 
Transfer Agent and Registrar
.
The Board of Directors may appoint a transfer agent and a registrar for each class of capital stock of the Corporation and may require all certificates representing such shares to bear the signature of such transfer agent and registrar. Shareholders shall be responsible for notifying the transfer agent and registrar for the class of stock held by such shareholder in writing of any changes in their addresses from time to time, and failure so to do shall relieve the Corporation, its shareholders, directors, officers, transfer agent and registrar of liability for failure to direct notices, dividends, or other documents or property to an address other than the one appearing upon the records of the transfer agent and registrar of the Corporation.
Section 10.
 
Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates.
The Board of Directors may authorize the transfer agent and a registrar to issue replacement shares for Corporation stock alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost, stolen or destroyed. When authorizing such issue of a new certificate or certificates, the Corporation may, in its discretion and as a condition of precedent to the issuance thereof, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate or certificates, or his legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond in such sum and in such form as it may direct to indemnify against any claim that may be made against the Corporation with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed or the issuance of such new certificate. The Corporation, at its discretion, may authorize the issuance of such new certificates without any bond when in its judgment it is proper to do so.
Section 11.
 
Registered Shareholders
.
The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of such shares to receive dividends, to vote as such owner, to hold liable for calls and assessments, and to treat as owner in all other respects, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claims to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Indiana.
Section 12.
 
Options to Officers and Employees
.
The issuance, including the consideration of rights or options to officers or employees of the Corporation, and not to the shareholders generally, to purchase from the Corporation shares of its capital stock shall be approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote thereon or shall be authorized by and consistent with a plan approved by such a vote of the shareholders. The price to be received for any shares having a par value other than treasury shares to be issued upon the exercise of such rights or options, shall not be less than the par value thereof.
Section 1.
 
Place of Meeting
.
Meetings of shareholders of the Corporation shall be held at such place, within or without the State of Indiana, as may from time to time be designated by the Board of Directors, or as may be specified in the notices or waivers of notice of such meetings.
Section 2.
 
Annual Meeting
.
The annual meeting of shareholders for the election of Directors, and for the transaction of such other business as may properly come before the meeting, shall be held on the second Wednesday of February of each year, unless in any year the Board of Directors establishes a different date as the date of the annual meeting. Failure to hold the annual meeting at the designated time shall not work any forfeiture or dissolution of the Corporation, and shall not affect otherwise valid corporate acts.
Section 3.
 
Special Meetings
.
Special meetings of the shareholders for any purpose or purposes, unless otherwise prescribed by statute or by the Articles of Incorporation, may be called by the Board of Directors or the Chairman and shall be called by the Chairman or the Secretary at the request in writing of a majority of the Board of Directors, or at the request in writing of shareholders holding of record not less than one-fourth of all the shares outstanding and entitled by the Articles of Incorporation to vote on the business for which the meeting is being called.
Section 4.
 
Notice of Meetings
.
A written or printed notice, stating the place, day and hour of the meeting, and in case of a special meeting, or when required by any other provision of the Indiana Business Corporation Law, or of the Articles of Incorporation, as now or hereafter amended, or these By-Laws, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, shall be delivered or mailed by the Secretary, or by the officers or persons calling the meeting, to each shareholder of record entitled by the Articles of Incorporation, as now or hereafter amended, and by The Indiana Business Corporation Law to vote at such meeting, at such address as appears upon the records of the Corporation, at least ten (10) days before the date of the meeting. Notice of any such meeting may be waived in writing by any shareholder, if the waiver sets forth in reasonable detail the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, and the time and place thereof. Attendance at any meeting in person, or by proxy, shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting. Each shareholder, who has in the manner above provided waived notice of shareholders meeting, or who personally attends a shareholders meeting, or is conclusively presumed to have been given due notice of such meeting. Notice of any adjourned meeting of stockholders shall not be required to be given if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken, except as may be expressly required by law.
Section 5.
 
Addresses of Shareholders
.
The address of any shareholder appearing upon the records of the Corporation shall be deemed to be the latest address of such shareholder for the class of stock held by such shareholder.
Section 6.
 
Voting at Meetings
.
 
Section 7.
 
Voting List.
The Transfer Agent of the Corporation shall make, at least five days before each election of directors, a complete list of the shareholders entitled by the Articles of Incorporation, as now or hereafter amended, to vote at such election, arranged in alphabetical order, with the address and number of shares so entitled to vote held by each, which list shall be on file at the principal office of the Corporation and subject to inspection by any shareholder. Such list shall be produced and kept open at the time and place of election and subject to the inspection of any shareholder during the holding of such election. The original stock registrar or transfer book, or a duplicate thereof kept in the State of Indiana, shall be the only evidence as to who are the shareholders entitled to examine such list or the stock ledger or transfer book or to vote at any meeting of the shareholders.
Section 8.
 
Fixing of Record Date to Determine Shareholders Entitled to Vote.
The Board of Directors may prescribe a period not exceeding 70 days prior to meetings of the shareholders, during which stock on the books of the Corporation may not be transferred; or, in lieu of prohibiting the transfer of stock may set a date and time as the time at which shareholders entitled to notice of, and to vote at, such meeting shall be determined, and all persons who are holders of record of voting stock at such time, and no others, shall be entitled to notice of, and to vote at, such meeting. Said date and time shall not be more than 70 days prior to any shareholders meeting. In the absence of such determination, such date shall be 10 days prior to the date of such meeting.
Section 9.
 
Shareholder Proposals and Nominations
. For any shareholder proposal to be presented in connection with an annual meeting of shareholders of the Company, including any proposal relating to the nomination of a director to be elected to the Board of Directors of the Company, the shareholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Company (the "Notice") and must have been a shareholder of record entitled to vote at the meetings at the time of giving of such notice. To be timely, a Notice must be delivered to or, if mailed, received at the principal executive offices of the Company not less than one hundred twenty (120) calendar days in advance of the date the Company's proxy statement was released to shareholders in connection with the annual meeting of shareholders; provided, however, that in the event that no annual meeting was held in the previous year or the date of the annual meeting has been changed by more than thirty (30) days from the date of the previous year's meeting, to be timely, Notice must be received by the Companys Secretary at the principal office of the Company not later than the close of business on the later of one hundred twenty (120) calendar days in advance of such annual meeting or ten (10) calendar days following the date on which public announcement of the date of the meeting is first made.
 
Such shareholder's notice shall set forth (a) as to each person whom the shareholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director, (i) a statement of the qualifications of such person, (ii) all information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), (iii) a description of all arrangements or understandings among the shareholder and such person and (iv) the written consent of such person to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected; (b) as to any other business that the shareholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting, the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such shareholder and of the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made; and (c) as to the shareholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made, (i) the name and address of such shareholder, as they appear on the Company's books, and of such beneficial owner and (ii) the class and number of shares of stock of the Company which are owned beneficially and of record by such shareholders and such beneficial owner. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in order to include information with respect to a shareholder proposal in the proxy statement and form of proxy for a shareholder's meeting, shareholders must provide notice as required by the regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act.
Section 1.
 
Election, Number and Term of Office
.
Directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of shareholders, or, if not so elected, at a special meeting of shareholders for that purpose, by the holders of the shares of stock entitled by the Articles of Incorporation to elect Directors.
The number of Directors of the Corporation to be elected by the holders of the shares of stock entitled by the Articles of Incorporation to elect Directors shall be ten (10) unless changed by amendment to this section.
All Directors elected by the holders of such shares; except in the case of earlier resignation, removal or death, shall hold office until their respective successors are chosen and qualified. Directors need not be shareholders of the Corporation.
Any vacancy on the Board of Directors caused by an increase in the number of Directors shall be filled by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors, until the next annual or special meeting of shareholders or, at the discretion of the Board of Directors, such vacancy may be filled by vote of the shareholders at a special meeting called for that purpose. No decrease in the number of Directors shall have the effect of shortening the term of any incumbent Director.
Section 2.
 
Vacancies
.
Any vacancy occurring in the Board of Directors caused by resignation, death or other incapacity shall be filled by a majority vote of the remaining members of the Board of Directors, until the next annual meeting of shareholders. If the vote of the remaining members of the Board shall result in a tie, such vacancy, at the discretion of the Board of Directors, may be filled by vote of the shareholders at a special meeting for that purpose.
Section 3.
 
Annual Meeting of Directors
.
The Board of Directors shall meet each year, at the place where such meeting of the shareholders has been held either within or without the State of Indiana, for the purpose of organization, election of officers, and consideration of any other business that may properly come before the meeting. No notice of any kind to either old or new members of the Board of Directors for such meeting shall be necessary.
Section 4.
 
Regular Meetings
.
Regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at such times and places, either within or without the State of Indiana, as may be fixed by the Directors. Such regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice or upon such notice as may be fixed by the Directors.
Section 5.
 
Special Meetings
.
Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman of the Board, the President, or by not less than a majority of the members of the Board of Directors. Notice of the time and place, either within or without the State of Indiana, of a special meeting shall be served upon or telephoned to each Director at least twenty-four hours, or mailed, telegraphed or cabled to each Director at his usual place of business or residence at least forty-eight hours, prior to the tie of the meeting. Directors, in lieu of such notice, may sign a written waiver of notice either before the time of the meeting, at the meeting or after the meeting. Attendance by a director in person at any such special meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice.
Section 6.
 
Quorum
.
A majority of the actual number of Directors elected and qualified, from time to time, shall be necessary to constitute a quorum for the transaction of any business except the filing of vacancies, and the act of a majority of the Directors present at the meeting, at which a quorum is present, shall be the act of the Board of Directors, unless the act of a greater number is required by The Indiana Business Corporation Law, by the Articles of Incorporation, or these By-Laws. A Director, who is present at a meeting of the Board of Directors, at which action on any corporate matter is taken, shall be deemed to have voted in favor of the action, unless (a) his dissent shall be affirmatively stated by him at and before the adjournment of such meeting (in which event the fact of such dissent shall be entered by the secretary of the meeting in the minutes of the meeting), or (b) he shall forward such dissent by registered mail to the Secretary of the Corporation immediately after the adjournment of the meeting. The right of dissent provided for by either clause (a) or clause (b) of the immediately preceding sentence shall not be available, in respect of any matter, if the Director did not change his vote prior to the time the result of the vote on such matter was announced by the Chairman of such meeting.
Section 7.
 
Consent Action by Directors
.
Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if a written consent to such action is signed by all members of the Board of Directors or such committee, as the case may be, and such written consent is filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the Board of Directors or committee.
Section 8.
 
Removal of Directors
.
Any or all members of the Board of Directors may be removed, with or without cause, at a meeting of shareholders called expressly for that purpose by a vote of the holders of not less than a majority of the outstanding shares of capital stock then entitled at an election of directors.
Section 9.
 
Dividends
.
The Board of Directors shall have power, subject to any restrictions contained in The Indiana Business Corporation Law or in the Articles of Incorporation and out of funds legally available therefor, to declare and pay dividends upon the outstanding capital stock of the Corporation as and when they deem expedient. Before declaring any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the Board of Directors from time to time in their absolute discretion deem proper for working capital, or as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies or for such other purposes as the Board of Directors shall deem conducive to the interests of the Corporation and the Board of Directors may modify or abolish any such reserve in the manner in which it was created.
Section 10.
 
Fixing of Record Date to Determine Shareholders Entitled to Receive Corporate Benefits
.
The Board of Directors may fix a day and hour not exceeding 50 days preceding the date fixed for payment of any dividend or for the delivery of evidence of rights, or for the distribution or other corporate benefits, or for a determination of shareholders entitled to receive any such dividend, rights or distribution, and in such case only shareholders of record at the time so fixed shall be entitled to receive such dividend, rights or distribution. If no record date is fixed for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive payment of a dividend, the end of the day on which the resolution of the Board of Directors declaring such dividend is adopted shall be the record date for such determination.
Section 11.
 
Interest of Directors in Contracts
.
Any contract or other transaction between the Corporation of any corporation which this Corporation owns a majority of the capital stock shall be valid and binding, notwithstanding that the directors and officers of this Corporation are identical or that some or all of the directors or officers, or both, are also directors or officers of such other corporation.
Any contract or other transaction between the Corporation and one or more of its directors or members or employees, or between the Corporation and any firm of which one or more of its directors are members or employees or in which they are interested, or between the Corporation and any corporation or association of which one or more of its directors are stockholders, members, directors, officers or employees or in which they are interested, shall be valid for all purposes, notwithstanding the presence of such director or directors at the meeting of the Board of Directors of the Corporation which acts upon, or in reference to, such contract or transaction and notwithstanding his or their participation in such action, if the fact of such interest shall be disclosed or known to the Board of Directors and the Boards of Directors shall authorize, approve and ratify such contract or transaction by a vote of a majority of the directors present, such interested director or directors to be counted in determining whether a quorum is present, but not to be counted in calculating the majority of such quorum necessary to carry such vote. This Section shall not be construed to invalidate any contract or other transaction, which would otherwise be valid under the common and statutory law applicable thereto.
Section 12.
 
Committees.
The Board of Directors may, by resolution adopted by a majority of the actual number of Directors elected and qualified, from time to time designate from among its members, an executive committee and one or more other committees and may delegate to each such committee such authority and power of the Board of Directors as shall be specified in such resolution, but no such committee shall have the authority of the Board of Directors in reference to amending the Articles of Incorporation, adopting an agreement or plan of merger or consolidation proposing a special corporate transaction, recommending to the shareholders a voluntary dissolution of the Corporation or a revocation thereof, or amending these By-Laws. No member of any such committee shall continue to be a member thereof after he ceases to be a Director of the Corporation. The calling and holding of meetings of such committee and its method of procedure shall be as determined by the Board of Directors.
Section 1.
 
Principal Officers
.
The principal officers of the Corporation shall be a Chairman, a President, one or more Vice Presidents, a Treasurer and a Secretary. The Corporation may also have, at the discretion of the Board of Directors; such other subordinate officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of these By-Laws. Any two or more offices may be held by the same person, except the office of Chairman shall not be given to an individual who is not a Director of the Corporation.
Section 2.
 
Chief Executive Officer
.
The Board of Directors shall designate a Chief Executive Officer who shall be either the Chairman or President. The Chief Executive Officer shall hold those powers and authorities normally accorded such position and shall be the senior officer accountable to the Board for principles and policies of the Corporation.
Section 3.
 
Election and Term of Office
.
The principal officers of the Corporation shall be chosen annually by the Board of Directors at the annual meeting thereof. Each such officer shall hold office until his successor shall have been duly chosen and qualified, or until his death, or he shall resign, or shall have been removed in the manner hereinafter provided.
Section 4.
 
Removal
.
Any principal officer may be removed either with or without cause, at any time by resolution adopted at any meeting of the Board of Directors elected and qualified from time to time.
Section 5.
 
Subordinate Officers
.
In addition to the principal officers enumerated in Section 1 of this Article VI, the Corporation may have a Controller, one or more Assistant Controllers, one or more Assistant Secretaries and such other officers, agents and employees as the Board of Directors may deem necessary, each of whom shall hold office for such period, may be removed with or without cause, have such authority and perform such duties as Chairman, the President, or the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. The Board of Directors may delegate to any principal officer the power to appoint and to remove any such subordinate officers, agents or employees.
Section 6.
 
Resignations
.
Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Chairman, the Board of Directors, the President or to the Secretary. Any such resignation shall take effect upon receipt of such notice or at any later time specified therein, and, unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.
Section 7.
 
Vacancies
.
Any vacancy in any office for any cause may be filled for the unexpired portion of the term in the manner prescribed in these By-Laws for election or appointment to such office for such term.
Section 8.
 
Chairman
.
The Chairman, who shall be chosen from among the Directors, shall have general supervision of the affairs of the Corporation, subject to the control of the Board of Directors. He shall be an ex officio member of all standing committees. The Chairman shall preside at all meetings of the shareholders and at all meetings of the Board of Directors. Subject to the control and direction of the Board of Directors, the Chairman may enter into any contract or execute and deliver any instrument in the name and on behalf of the Corporation. In general, he shall perform all duties and have all powers as, from time to time may be herein defined, and all such other duties and powers as, from time to time may be assigned to him by the Board of Directors.
Section 9.
 
President
.
The President shall be responsible to the Chairman in the performance of his duties, and shall, in the absence or disability of the Chairman, perform the duties and exercise the power of the Chairman. The President shall perform such duties and have such powers as the Board of Directors may, from time to time assign.
Section 10.
 
Vice Presidents
.
The other Vice Presidents in the order of their seniority, unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors, shall, in the absence or disability of the President, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the President. They shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Chairman and President and the Board of Directors may, from time to time assign.
Section 11.
 
Treasurer
.
The Treasurer shall have charge and custody of, and be responsible for, all funds and securities of the Corporation and shall deposit all such funds and securities of the Corporation in such banks or other depositories as shall be selected by the Board of Directors. He shall, upon request, exhibit at all reasonable times, his books of account and records to any of the directors of the Corporation where such books and records shall be kept; shall render upon request by the Board of Directors, a statement of the condition of the finances of the Corporation at any time requested by the Board of Directors or at the annual meeting of shareholders; shall receive, and give receipt for moneys due and payable to the Corporation from any source whatsoever; and in general, shall perform all duties incident to the office of Treasurer and such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him by the Chairman, the President or the Board of Directors.
Section 12.
 
Secretary
.
The Secretary shall keep or cause to be kept in the books provided for that purpose, the minutes of the meetings of the Shareholders and of the Board of Directors; shall duly give and serve all notices required to be given in accordance with the provisions of these By-Laws and by the Indiana Business Corporation Law; shall be custodian of the records and of the seal of the Corporation and see that the seal is affixed to all documents, the executing of which on behalf of the Corporation under its seal is duly authorized in accordance with the provisions of these By-Laws; and, in general, shall perform all duties incident to the office of Secretary and such other duties as may, from time to time, be assigned to him by the Chairman, the President or the Board of Directors.
Section 13.
 
Salaries
.
The salaries of the principal officers shall be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors and the salaries of any subordinate officers may be fixed by the President.
Section 14.
 
General Powers of Officers
.
The Chairman and the President and each are authorized and empowered for and on behalf of the Corporation and in its name, singly and without the joinder of any other officer, to execute and deliver any and all contracts, leases, notes, mortgages, receipts, deeds, commitments, power of attorney, authorizations and any and all documents in addition to, but not limited to the ones therefore described which said offices, or any of them believe to be necessary and advisable in carrying on the business of the Corporation. The Treasurer and the Secretary of the Corporation are hereby authorized to execute and deliver any and all documents which relate to the routine discharge of the responsibilities of each of said offices and such other documents as either the Chairman or the President shall specifically authorize said officers to execute or deliver only such documents, or general types of classes of documents, with respect to which they have received specific authorization from either the Chairman, the President or the Board of Directors.
Section 15.
 
Voting Corporations Securities
.
Unless otherwise ordered by the Board of Directors, the Chairman, President and Secretary and each of them, are appointed attorneys and agents of the Corporation, and shall have full power and authority in the securities entitled to be voted at any meetings of security holders of corporations, or associations in which the Corporation may hold securities, in person, or by proxy, as a stockholder or otherwise and at such meetings shall possess and may exercise any and all rights and powers incident to the ownership of such securities, and which as the owner thereof of the Corporation might have possessed and exercised, if present, or to consent in writing to any action by and such other corporation or association. The Board of Directors by resolution from time to time, may confer like powers upon any other person or persons.
Section 1
.   
Rights to Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses
.
(c)
 
The indemnification provided under this Article shall apply to any proceeding arising from acts or omissions occurring before or after the adoption of this Article.
Section 2
.  
Other Rights Not Affected
. Nothing contained in this Article shall limit or preclude the exercise or be deemed exclusive of any right under the law, by contract or otherwise, relating to indemnification of or advancement of expenses to any individual who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or the ability of the Corporation to otherwise indemnify or advance expenses to any such individual. It is the intent of this Article to provide indemnification to directors and officers to the fullest extent now or hereafter permitted by law consistent with the terms and conditions of this Article. Therefore, indemnification shall be provided in accordance with this Article irrespective of the nature of the legal or equitable theory upon which a claim is made, including without limitation negligence, breach of duty, mismanagement, corporate waste, breach of contract, breach of warranty, strict liability, violation of federal or state securities laws, violation of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or violation of any other state or federal laws.
 
 
 
   
Section 3
.  
Definition
The term "director" means an individual who is or was a member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation or an individual who, while a director of the Corporation, is or was serving at the Corporation's request as a director, officer, partner, member, manager, trustee, employee, or agent of another foreign or domestic corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan, or other enterprise, whether for profit or not. A director is considered to be serving an employee benefit plan at the Corporation's request if the director's duties to the Corporation also impose duties on, or otherwise involve services by, the director to the plan or to participants in or beneficiaries of the plan. The term "director" includes, unless the context requires otherwise, the estate or personal representative of a director.
The term "expenses" includes all direct and indirect costs (including without limitation counsel fees, retainers, court costs, transcripts, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, all other disbursements or out-of-pocket expenses) actually incurred in connection with the investigation, defense, settlement or appeal of a proceeding or establishing or enforcing a right to indemnification under this Article, applicable law or otherwise.
The term "liability" means the obligation to pay a judgment, settlement, penalty, fine, excise tax (including an excise tax assessed with respect to an employee benefit plan), or reasonable expenses incurred with respect to a proceeding.
(d)
 
The term "party" includes an individual who was, is or is threatened to be made a named defendant or respondent in a proceeding.
(e)
 
The term "proceeding" means any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative and whether formal or informal.
The power to make, alter, amend or repeal these By-Laws is invested in the Board of Directors, but the affirmative vote of a majority of the actual number of directors elected and qualified, from time to time, shall be necessary to effect any alteration, amendment or repeal of the By-Laws.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20060330170620.txt.gz
TIME:20060330170620
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
       
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
ITEM 1.01
 
ENTRY INTO A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT
On March 28, 2006 the Steak n Shake Operations, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of
The Steak n Shake Company (the 
Company), entered into an Amendment (the "Amendment") of the employment agreement with Wayne Kelley into which the parties entered on December 29, 2004 (the "Agreement"). The Agreement was disclosed via a Form 8-K that was filed on that date. Mr. Kelley serves on the Board of Directors for the Company.
 
The Amendment extends Mr. Kelley's full-time employment with the Company from the termination date of the Agreement, April 20, 2007, through and including July 13, 2009. During the period covered by the Amendment Mr. Kelley will provide good faith efforts to obtain and identify real estate sites in markets on which the Company reasonably requests him to focus. Beginning on April 20, 2007 his annual salary will be adjusted based on the agreement. The remainder of the terms of the Agreement will remain in effect during the period covered by the Amendment.
 
A copy of the Amendment is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to this report and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of this report.
ITEM 3.01
 
NOTICE OF DELISTING OR FAILURE TO SATISFY A CONTINUED LISTING RULE OR STANDARD; TRANSFER OF LISTING
 
On March 24, 2006, the Company notified the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") that it inadvertently omitted to state in its Annual Report to Shareholders that the Company submitted its annual CEO certification to the NYSE last year, as required by the commentary to Section 303A.12(a) of the NYSE Listed Company Manual. The CEO certification was in fact timely submitted by the Company with the NYSE and was unqualified. Except for the omission of this sentence from its Annual Report, the Company is not aware of any other violation of NYSE corporate governance listing standards. The Company will include the required disclosure in future annual reports.
ITEM 9.01
 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS
 
(c)
 
Exhibits
 
10.1
 
Amendment to Employment Agreement between Wayne Kelley and Steak n Shake Operations, Inc.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Dated: March 30, 2006
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
 
 
 
 
 
By
:__/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
Jeffrey A. Blade, Senior Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer

Exhibit 10.1
This Amendment to Employment Agreement (the Amendment) is entered into effective this 28th day of March, 2006, between Wayne Kelley (Employee) and Steak n Shake Operations, Inc. (SNS). This Amendment modifies the Employment Agreement between the parties entered into on December 29, 2006 (the Agreement), a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A.
WHEREAS, Employee has performed exceptionally under the Agreement and has added significant value to the Company by locating outstanding and profitable real estate sites and providing advice on current and pending real estate sites; and
WHEREAS, As a result of Employees outstanding results SNS desires to retain Employees services beyond the termination of the Agreement; and
WHEREAS, Employee has found working for SNS rewarding and desires to extend his relationship with SNS beyond the expiration of the Agreement; and
 
NOW THEREFORE, based on the foregoing premises and the following promises and representations, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by both parties, the parties agree as follows:
Employee shall remain a full-time employee of SNS through and including July 13, 2009 (the Resignation Date).
Beginning April 21, 2007 Employee shall provide good faith efforts to obtain and identify real estate sites in the Atlanta and Charlotte DMAs, as well as any other DMAs on which SNS reasonably requests him to focus. This work may require less than 40 hours per week of work. After April 21, 2007 SNS may elect to close its office in Charlotte, but will continue to provide Employee with telephone, fax machine, computer, e-mail and internet access and other business support for use at his home.
 
From December 29, 2004 through April 20, 2007 Employees annual base salary hereunder shall be $205,000, payable in bi-weekly installments on SNSs normal and customary paydays. Employee shall be entitled to earn a bonus of $56,923.08, which will be earned, due and payable in a lump sum only if Employee is employed by SNS on April 20, 2007. From April 21, 2007 through July 13, 2009 Employees annual base salary hereunder shall be $75,000, payable in bi-weekly installments on SNSs normal and customary paydays. During his employment hereunder Employee shall be entitled to use of a vehicle provided by SNS typical of those provided to executives of SNS, subject to Employees adherence to SNSs automobile use policies.
THIS AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT IS ENTERED INTO AS OF THE DATE ABOVE WRITTEN AND THE PARTIES AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS BY SIGNING BELOW:
/s/ Wayne Kelley
Wayne Kelley
Dated: March 28, 2006
 
 
 
 
 
 
STEAK N SHAKE OPERATIONS, INC.
/s/ Peter M. Dunn
Peter M. Dunn
President and CEO, Steak n Shake Operations, Inc.
Dated: March 28, 2006
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20060518160037.txt.gz
TIME:20060518160037
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
        
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ]    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ]    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
                                THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
 
                                                                  By:    
/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
        
 
                                                                                  Jeffrey A. Blade,
 
                                                                                  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 
                                                                                  Dated: May 18,  2006

 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20060810160135.txt.gz
TIME:20060810160135
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
        
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ]    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ]    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
                                THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
 
                                                                  By:    
/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
        
 
                                                                                  Jeffrey A. Blade,
 
                                                                                  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 
                                                                                  Dated: August 10,  2006

Exhibit 99.1
 
INDIANAPOLIS, August 10, 2006/PRNewswire -- The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE:SNS) today announced its revenues and earnings for the third quarter 2006 ended July 5, 2006.
Highlights of the fiscal third quarter include:
Fiscal Third Quarter 2006 Results
Total revenues for the fiscal third quarter 2006 grew 1.7% to $150.4 million compared to the same quarter last year, while same-store sales declined 3.9%, driven by consumer trends impacting the restaurant industry.
Net earnings for the fiscal third quarter 2006 were $7.3 million, or $0.26 per diluted share, compared to $7.8 million, or $0.28 per diluted share, in the prior year period. The fiscal 2006 results include the impact of expensing stock options and shares purchased under the employee stock purchase plan as required by Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123R, Share-Based Payment (SFAS 123R). The Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of $0.5 million after-tax, or $0.02 per share in the current quarter.
Peter Dunn, President and Chief Executive Officer commented, We continue to see the impact that high gas prices and rising interest rates are having on some of our customers spending habits. This impact was partially offset during the quarter by the launch of Bits n Pieces milk shakes nationally and frozen yogurt milk shakes in Florida. We remain focused on near term opportunities to overcome the current consumer challenge, while we continue to make progress on the strategic initiatives that will unlock the long term sales and earnings potential of Steak n Shake.
As of July 5, 2006, there were 469 Steak n Shake restaurants operating in 20 states, including 415 Company-owned restaurants and 54 franchised units. During the quarter, the Company opened
five
new Company-owned restaurants in three states, and two new franchised units.
First Three Quarters Fiscal
 
2006 Results
For the first three quarters of fiscal year 2006, total revenues increased 5.5% to $486.8 million compared to $461.2 million in the prior year. Same store sales have decreased 1.7% during the first three quarters of 2006. Diluted earnings per share for the first three quarters of the year were $0.73 versus $0.77 in the prior year. The current year earnings include a $0.05 impact of the adoption of SFAS 123R.
Franchise Activity
The Company continues to make progress on franchising activities. Year to date the Company has opened five new franchised restaurants and has approved three new franchise areas, including Erie, PA., Richmond, VA., and Southeastern, KY.
On July 6, 2006, subsequent to the end of the 2006 fiscal third quarter, the Company acquired the assets of Creative Restaurants, Inc. The acquisition included eight Steak n Shake restaurants, located in the Louisville, Kentucky market, with average unit volumes of over $2.0 million. This acquisition provided an opportunity to acquire very successful restaurants in a market with further growth potential.
2006 Guidance
The Company reaffirmed diluted earnings per share guidance for the fiscal year 2006 in the range of $0.99 to $1.03, including $0.08 to $0.09 per diluted share impact from the adoption of SFAS 123R. The Company also reaffirmed same store sales of flat to down low single digits for the fiscal year. The Company also reiterated that it anticipates opening at least 26 Company-owned restaurants in fiscal year 2006. In addition, the Company will open six franchised restaurants.
Investor Conference Call and Webcast
The Steak n Shake Company will broadcast its investor conference call live over the Internet at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time today. Hosting the call will be Peter M. Dunn, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jeffrey A. Blade, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
Interested investors and other parties may listen to a simultaneous webcast of the conference call by logging onto the Company's website at www.steaknshake.com. The on-line replay will be available for a limited time immediately following the call.
The call can also be accessed live over the phone by dialing (800) 819-9193, or for international callers, (913) 981-4911. A replay will be available one hour after the call and can be accessed by dialing (888) 203-1112, or for international callers, (719) 457-0820. The passcode for the replay is 8718147. The replay will be available until August 17, 2006.
About Steak n Shake
Steak n Shake is a full service, casual dining restaurant serving a core menu of its famous STEAKBURGER
sandwiches, thin n crispy french fries, old fashioned hand-dipped milk shakes, chili, home style soups, fresh salads, a variety of desserts and breakfast. All of the food is prepared to the guests order and served by friendly, well-trained associates. Steak n Shake restaurants feature full-service dining areas, counter service and drive-thru windows and are open 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
This press release contains forward-looking information. In general, forward-looking statements include estimates of future revenues, cash flows, capital expenditures, or other financial items, and assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements reflect managements current expectations regarding future events and use words such as anticipate, believe, expect, may, will, and other similar terminology. These statements speak only as of the date they were made and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. Several factors, many beyond our control, could cause actual results to differ significantly from our expectations, such as the following: effectiveness of operating initiatives; changes in economic conditions; effectiveness of advertising and marketing initiatives; harsh weather conditions, primarily in the first and second quarters; availability and cost of qualified restaurant personnel; changes in consumer tastes; changes in consumer behavior based on publicity or concerns relating to food safety or food-borne illnesses; effectiveness of our expansion plans; changes in minimum wage rates; changes in food commodity prices; completion of merger or acquisitions and successful integration of those transactions; and changes in applicable accounting policies and practices. The foregoing list of important factors is not intended to be all-inclusive as other general market, industry, economic, and political factors may also impact our operations. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements, as we assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements.
Contact:
 
Jeffrey A. Blade
Jeff.blade@steakns
hake.com
www.steaknshake.com
(317) 633-4100
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20060815164450.txt.gz
TIME:20060815164450
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
 
 
 
 
 
        
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ]    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ]    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
                                THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
 
                                                                  By:    
/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
        
 
                                                                                  Jeffrey A. Blade,
 
                                                                                  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 
                                                                                  Dated: August 15,  2006


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20060915155750.txt.gz
TIME:20060915155750
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
        
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ]    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ]    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
                                THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
 
                                                                  By:    
/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
        
 
                                                                                  Jeffrey A. Blade,
 
                                                                                  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 
                                                                                  Dated: September 15,  2006

Exhibit 10.1
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
, an Indiana corporation (the Company) and
FIFTH THIRD BANK (CENTRAL INDIANA)
, a Michigan banking corporation, formerly known as Fifth Third Bank, Indiana (Central) (the Bank), being parties to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of November 16, 2001, as previously amended (collectively, the Agreement) agree to further amend the Agreement by this Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement (this Amendment) as follows.
1.
 
DEFINITIONS
. All defined terms used herein which are not otherwise defined in this Amendment shall have their respective meanings set forth in the Agreement.
z.
 
London Interbank Offered Rate
 means as to each Interest Period, the offered rate for U.S. Dollar deposits of not less than One Million and 00/100 Dollars ($1,000,000.00) as of 11:00 a.m. City of London, England time two (2) London Business Days prior to the first day of each Interest Period as shown on the display designated as British Bankers Association Interest Settlement Rates on the Telerate System (Telerate), page 3750 or page 3740, or such other page or pages as may replace such pages on Telerate for the purpose of displaying such rate or any successor rate reporting system rounded upward to the nearest eighth of one-percent; provided, however, that if such rate is not available on the Telerate then such offered rate shall be otherwise independently determined by the Bank from an alternate, substantially similar independent source available to the Bank or shall be calculated by the Bank by a substantially similar methodology as that theretofore used to determine such offered rate in Telerate.
uu.
 
Sixth Amendment
 means that certain agreement entitled Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement entered into by and between the Company and the Bank dated as of September 11, 2006, for the purpose of amending this Agreement.
2.
  
GUARANTIES
.
 
Section 4 of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows:
Section 4. GUARANTIES.
The Obligations shall be supported by the unconditional guaranty of prompt payment of each of Steak n Shake Operations, Inc., an Indiana corporation, Steak n Shake Enterprises, Inc., an Indiana corporation, and SnS Investment Company, an Indiana corporation ( each a Guarantor and collectively, the Guarantors), which shall be evidenced by a Guaranty Agreement ( each a Guaranty and collectively, the Guaranties) in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit D
and appropriately completed for each Guarantor.
3.
 
COMPLIANCE WITH LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS.
Section 5(f) of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows:
f.
 
Compliance with Legal and Regulatory Requirements
. The Company shall use its best efforts to maintain and cause each Subsidiary to use its best efforts to maintain material compliance with the applicable provisions of all federal, state and local statutes, ordinances and regulations and any court orders or orders of regulatory authorities issued thereunder.
 
4.
 
GUARANTIES.
Section 6(c) of the Agreement is hereby amended by the addition of the following clause:
5.
 
DEBT.
Section 6(j) of the Agreement limiting the amount of indebtedness for borrowed money which may be incurred by the Company is hereby deleted in its entirety and of no further force or effect.
6.
 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
. In order to induce the Bank to enter into this Amendment, the Company affirms that the representations and warranties contained in the Agreement are correct as of the date of this Amendment, except that: (i) they shall be deemed to also refer to this Amendment as well as all documents named herein; (ii) Section 3(d) of the Agreement shall be deemed also to refer to the most recent audited and unaudited financial statements of the Company delivered to the Bank; and (iii) Section 3(l) of the Agreement containing a representation of the current Subsidiaries of the Company shall be deemed to be modified by deleting the references to Steak n Shake, L.P., an Indiana limited partnership, and to SnSTM, Inc., a Delaware corporation, appearing therein, and by adding Steak n Shake Enterprises, Inc., an Indiana corporation, and Steak n Shake, LLC, an Indiana limited liability company. Further, the Company hereby represents and warrants to the Bank that the Company formed Steak n Shake Merger Corporation, an Indiana corporation, in December, 2004, and merged Steak n Shake Merger Corporation into Kelley Restaurants, Inc. on December 28, 2004, with Kelley Restaurants, Inc. being the surviving entity which then merged on or about December 22, 2005, into Steak n Shake Operations, Inc., with Steak n Shake Operations, Inc. being the surviving entity. The Company further represents and warrants to the Bank that it acquired all of the assets of Creative Restaurants, Inc. on or about July 6, 2006, and created Steak n Shake Enterprises, Inc., an Indiana corporation, as a Subsidiary on December 9, 2005, and created Steak n Shake, LLC, an Indiana limited liability company, as a Subsidiary on December 13, 2005. Steak n Shake, L.P., an Indiana limited partnership, merged in Steak n Shake Operations, Inc. effective December 22, 2005.
7.
 
WAIVERS
. The Bank hereby consents to: (i) the Company forming Steak n Shake Merger Corporation, an Indiana corporation, in December, 2004; (ii) merging said Steak n Shake Merger Corporation with and into Kelley Restaurants, Inc. on December 28, 2004, with Kelley Restaurants, Inc. being the surviving entity; (iii) merging Kelley Restaurants, Inc. into Steak n Shake Operations, Inc. on or about December 22, 2005, with Steak n Shake Operations, Inc. being the surviving entity; (iv) the acquisition by the Company of all of the assets of Creative Restaurants, Inc. on or about July 6, 2006; (v) the creation by the Company of Steak n Shake Enterprises, Inc., an Indiana corporation, as a Subsidiary on December 9, 2005; (vi) the creation by the Company of Steak n Shake, LLC, an Indiana limited liability company, as a Subsidiary on December 13, 2005; (vii)the merger of Steak n Shake, L.P., an Indiana limited partnership, into Steak n Shake Operations, Inc. effective December 22, 2005, with Steak n Shake Operations, Inc. being the surviving entity, and the Bank waives any violation of Section 5(e) of the Agreement which may otherwise be deemed to have occurred as a result of any or all of the foregoing. Further, the Bank hereby waives any and all failures by the Company to timely deliver to the Bank the compliance certificates required to be delivered to the Bank on or prior to the date hereof pursuant to Section 5(b)(vi) of the Agreement. Nothing contained in this Section 4 shall be deemed to be waiver of any other term or provision of the Agreement, whether now or in the future, nor shall the Bank be deemed to have waived the same or similar provisions in the future unless specifically stated by the Bank in writing.
8.
 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT
. The Company certifies to the Bank that no Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default under the Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, has occurred and is continuing as of the date of this Amendment except as may be specifically waived herein.
 
9.
 
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
. As conditions precedent to the effectiveness of this Amendment, the Bank shall have received the following contemporaneously with execution and delivery of this Amendment, each duly executed, dated and in form and substance satisfactory to the Bank:
10.
 
PRIOR AGREEMENTS
.
The Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, supersedes all previous agreements and commitments made or issued by the Bank with respect to the Loans and all other subjects of this Amendment, including, without limitation, any oral or written proposals which may have been made or issued by the Bank.
11
 
EFFECT OF AMENDMENT
.
The provisions contained herein shall serve to supplement and amend the provisions of the Agreement. To the extent that the terms of this Amendment conflict with the terms of the Agreement, the provisions of this Amendment shall control in all respects.
12.
 
REAFFIRMATION
. Except as expressly amended by this Amendment, all of the terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect as originally written and as previously amended.
13.
 
COUNTERPARTS
.
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which when taken together shall be one and the same agreement.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
, the Company and the Bank by their respective duly authorized officers have executed and delivered in Indiana this Sixth Amendment Credit Agreement as of September 11, 2006.
By:   
/s/ David C. Milne
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
David C. Milne, Secretary
 
 
 
(Printed Name and Title)
 
 
 
FIFTH THIRD BANK (CENTRAL INDIANA)
, a Michigan banking corporation
By:
 
 
_/s/ Andrew M. Cardimen________________________
 
* Exhibits not included in filing


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20061102160244.txt.gz
TIME:20061102160244
EVENTS:	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
        
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ]    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ]    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
                                THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
 
                                                                  By:    
/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
        
 
                                                                                  Jeffrey A. Blade,
 
                                                                                  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 
                                                                                  Dated: November 2, 2006

Exhibit 10.1
 
 
SENIOR SERIES I NOTE
No. 2006 I-1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PPN:
857873 A@ 2
ORIGINAL PRINCIPAL AMOUNT: $4,300,000.00
ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE: October 27, 2006
INTEREST RATE: 5.66% per annum
INTEREST PAYMENT DATES:
 
January 27, April 27, July 27 and
FINAL MATURITY DATE: October 27, 2011
PRINCIPAL PREPAYMENT DATES AND AMOUNTS:
 
$1,433,333.33 annually on
October 27
th
of each year, commencing
October 27, 2009.
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, Steak N Shake Company (herein called the "Company"), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Indiana, hereby promises to pay to THE PRUDENTIAL INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA, or registered assigns, the principal sum of FOUR MILLION THREE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS ($4,300,000.00), payable on the Princi-pal Prepayment Dates and in the amounts specified above, and on the Final Maturity Date specified above in an amount equal to the unpaid balance of the principal here-of, with interest (computed on the basis of a 360-day year--30-day month) (a) on the unpaid balance thereof at the Interest Rate per annum specified above, payable on each Interest Payment Date specified above and on the Final Maturity Date specified above, commencing with the Interest Payment Date next succeeding the date hereof, until the principal hereof shall have become due and pay-able, and (b) on any overdue payment (including any overdue prepayment) of principal, any overdue payment of Yield Maintenance Amount and any overdue payment of interest, payable on each Interest Payment Date as aforesaid (or, at the option of the registered holder hereof, on demand), at a rate per annum from time to time equal to the greater of (i) 2% over the Interest Rate specified above or (ii) 2% over the rate of interest publicly announced by Morgan Guaranty Trust Com-pany of New York from time to time in New York City as its Prime Rate.
Payments of principal, Yield Maintenance Amount, if any, and interest are to be made at the main office of Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York in New York City or at such other place as the holder hereof shall designate to the Company in writing, in lawful money of the United States of America.
 
This Note is one of a series of Senior Notes (herein called the "Notes") issued pursuant to the Amended and Restated Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2002 (as amended from time to time, the "Agree-ment"), between the Company, on the one hand, and The Prudential Insurance Company of America and each Prudential Affiliate (as defined in the Agreement) which becomes party thereto, on the other hand, and is entitled to the benefits thereof.
This Note is subject to optional prepayment, in whole or from time to time in part, on the terms specified in the Agreement.
This Note is a registered Note and, as provided in the Agreement, upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer, duly endorsed, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer duly executed, by the registered holder hereof or such holder's attorney duly authorized in writing, a new Note for the then outstanding principal amount will be issued to, and registered in the name of, the transferee. Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer, the Company may treat the person in whose name this Note is registered as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment and for all other purposes, and the Company shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary.
In case an Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, the principal of this Note may be declared or otherwise become due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Agreement.
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings (if any) provided in the Agreement.
THIS NOTE IS INTENDED TO BE PERFORMED IN THE STATE OF ILLINOIS AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS AND DECISIONS (AS OPPOSED TO THE CONFLICTS OF LAW PROVISIONS) OF SUCH STATE.
STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
By: /s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
 
 
 
 
 
Name:
 
Jeffrey A. Blade
Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
 

Exhibit 10.2
 
 
SENIOR SERIES I NOTE
No. 2006 I-2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PPN:
857873 A@ 2
ORIGINAL PRINCIPAL AMOUNT: $7,500,000.00
ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE: October 27, 2006
INTEREST RATE: 5.66% per annum
INTEREST PAYMENT DATES:
 
January 27, April 27, July 27 and
FINAL MATURITY DATE: October 27, 2011
PRINCIPAL PREPAYMENT DATES AND AMOUNTS:
 
$2,500,000.00 annually on
October 27
th
of each year, commencing
October 27, 2009.
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, Steak N Shake Company (herein called the "Company"), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Indiana, hereby promises to pay to PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, or registered assigns, the principal sum of SEVEN MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS ($7,500,000.00), payable on the Princi-pal Prepayment Dates and in the amounts specified above, and on the Final Maturity Date specified above in an amount equal to the unpaid balance of the principal here-of, with interest (computed on the basis of a 360-day year--30-day month) (a) on the unpaid balance thereof at the Interest Rate per annum specified above, payable on each Interest Payment Date specified above and on the Final Maturity Date specified above, commencing with the Interest Payment Date next succeeding the date hereof, until the principal hereof shall have become due and pay-able, and (b) on any overdue payment (including any overdue prepayment) of principal, any overdue payment of Yield Maintenance Amount and any overdue payment of interest, payable on each Interest Payment Date as aforesaid (or, at the option of the registered holder hereof, on demand), at a rate per annum from time to time equal to the greater of (i) 2% over the Interest Rate specified above or (ii) 2% over the rate of interest publicly announced by Morgan Guaranty Trust Com-pany of New York from time to time in New York City as its Prime Rate.
Payments of principal, Yield Maintenance Amount, if any, and interest are to be made at the main office of Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York in New York City or at such other place as the holder hereof shall designate to the Company in writing, in lawful money of the United States of America.
This Note is one of a series of Senior Notes (herein called the "Notes") issued pursuant to the Amended and Restated Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2002 (as amended from time to time, the "Agree-ment"), between the Company, on the one hand, and The Prudential Insurance Company of America and each Prudential Affiliate (as defined in the Agreement) which becomes party thereto, on the other hand, and is entitled to the benefits thereof.
This Note is subject to optional prepayment, in whole or from time to time in part, on the terms specified in the Agreement.
This Note is a registered Note and, as provided in the Agreement, upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer, duly endorsed, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer duly executed, by the registered holder hereof or such holder's attorney duly authorized in writing, a new Note for the then outstanding principal amount will be issued to, and registered in the name of, the transferee. Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer, the Company may treat the person in whose name this Note is registered as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment and for all other purposes, and the Company shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary.
In case an Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, the principal of this Note may be declared or otherwise become due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Agreement.
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings (if any) provided in the Agreement.
THIS NOTE IS INTENDED TO BE PERFORMED IN THE STATE OF ILLINOIS AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS AND DECISIONS (AS OPPOSED TO THE CONFLICTS OF LAW PROVISIONS) OF SUCH STATE.
STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
By:
/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
 
 
 
 
 
Name:
 
Jeffrey A. Blade
 Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
    
    
    
   

Exhibit 10.3
 
 
SENIOR SERIES I NOTE
No. 2006 I-3
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PPN:
857873 A@ 2
ORIGINAL PRINCIPAL AMOUNT: $3,200,000.00
ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE: October 27, 2006
INTEREST RATE: 5.66% per annum
INTEREST PAYMENT DATES:
 
January 27, April 27, July 27 and
FINAL MATURITY DATE: October 27, 2011
PRINCIPAL PREPAYMENT DATES AND AMOUNTS:
 
$1,066,666.67 annually on
October 27
th
of each year, commencing
October 27, 2009.
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, Steak N Shake Company (herein called the "Company"), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Indiana, hereby promises to pay to UNITED OF OMAHA LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, or registered assigns, the principal sum of THREE MILLION TWO HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS ($3,200,000.00), payable on the Princi-pal Prepayment Dates and in the amounts specified above, and on the Final Maturity Date specified above in an amount equal to the unpaid balance of the principal here-of, with interest (computed on the basis of a 360-day year--30-day month) (a) on the unpaid balance thereof at the Interest Rate per annum specified above, payable on each Interest Payment Date specified above and on the Final Maturity Date specified above, commencing with the Interest Payment Date next succeeding the date hereof, until the principal hereof shall have become due and pay-able, and (b) on any overdue payment (including any overdue prepayment) of principal, any overdue payment of Yield Maintenance Amount and any overdue payment of interest, payable on each Interest Payment Date as aforesaid (or, at the option of the registered holder hereof, on demand), at a rate per annum from time to time equal to the greater of (i) 2% over the Interest Rate specified above or (ii) 2% over the rate of interest publicly announced by Morgan Guaranty Trust Com-pany of New York from time to time in New York City as its Prime Rate.
Payments of principal, Yield Maintenance Amount, if any, and interest are to be made at the main office of Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York in New York City or at such other place as the holder hereof shall designate to the Company in writing, in lawful money of the United States of America.
This Note is one of a series of Senior Notes (herein called the "Notes") issued pursuant to the Amended and Restated Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2002 (as amended from time to time, the "Agree-ment"), between the Company, on the one hand, and The Prudential Insurance Company of America and each Prudential Affiliate (as defined in the Agreement) which becomes party thereto, on the other hand, and is entitled to the benefits thereof.
This Note is subject to optional prepayment, in whole or from time to time in part, on the terms specified in the Agreement.
This Note is a registered Note and, as provided in the Agreement, upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer, duly endorsed, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer duly executed, by the registered holder hereof or such holder's attorney duly authorized in writing, a new Note for the then outstanding principal amount will be issued to, and registered in the name of, the transferee. Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer, the Company may treat the person in whose name this Note is registered as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment and for all other purposes, and the Company shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary.
In case an Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, the principal of this Note may be declared or otherwise become due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Agreement.
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings (if any) provided in the Agreement.
THIS NOTE IS INTENDED TO BE PERFORMED IN THE STATE OF ILLINOIS AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS AND DECISIONS (AS OPPOSED TO THE CONFLICTS OF LAW PROVISIONS) OF SUCH STATE.
STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
 
By: 
/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:
 
Jeffrey A. Blade
 Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
    
    
    
   


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20061113164407.txt.gz
TIME:20061113164407
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
 
 
 
 
 
        
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ]    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ]    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
                                THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
 
                                                                  By:    
/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
        
 
                                                                                  Jeffrey A. Blade,
 
                                                                                  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 
                                                                                  Dated: November 13, 2006


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20061114162737.txt.gz
TIME:20061114162737
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
        
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ]    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ]    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
                                THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
 
                                                                  By:    
/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
        
 
                                                                                  Jeffrey A. Blade,
 
                                                                                  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 
                                                                                  Dated: November 14,  2006

Exhibit 10.1
 
INDIANAPOLIS, November 14, 2006/PRNewswire -- The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE:SNS) today announced its revenues and earnings for the fourth quarter 2006 ended September 27, 2006.
Highlights for fiscal fourth quarter include:
Highlights for fiscal 2006 include:
Fiscal Fourth Quarter 2006 Results
Total revenues for the fiscal fourth quarter 2006 grew 4.3% to $152.0 million from $145.7 million in the same quarter last year, and same-store sales declined 3.4%.
Net earnings for the fiscal fourth quarter 2006 were $7.5 million, or $0.27 per diluted share, compared to $8.7 million, or $0.31 per diluted share, in the prior year period. The fiscal 2006 results include the impact of expensing stock options and shares purchased under the employee stock purchase plan as required by Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123R, Share-Based Payment (SFAS 123R). The Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of $0.5 million after-tax, or $0.02 per share in the current quarter. During the quarter, the Company opened
seven
new Company-owned restaurants, acquired eight units from a franchisee, sold one unit to a franchisee, and opened one new franchised unit.
Fiscal
 
2006 Results
For the fiscal year 2006, total revenues increased 5.3% to $638.8 million compared to $606.9 million in the prior year. Same store sales decreased 2.1% for Company-owned units for fiscal 2006. Diluted earnings per share were $1.00 versus $1.08 in the prior year (note that the current year amount includes a $0.07 impact of the adoption of SFAS 123R).
Peter Dunn, President and Chief Executive Officer commented, 
We made substantial progress on many aspects of our operating fundamentals, including key operating metrics, new product innovation and expansion. While our same-store-sales results were consistent with the performance experienced by many casual dining restaurants in the face of higher gas prices and rising interest rates, we were dissatisfied that we were not able to grow guest counts during the year.
Mr. Dunn concluded, As we look ahead to fiscal 2007 our top priority will be to gain sustainable same store sales momentum through improved store execution, new product innovation and optimization of the Steak n Shake concept. We will be diligent to ensure that the necessary decisions and related investments to improve the brands performance will be aligned in order to maximize our return on invested capital. We believe these actions will put us in a position to accelerate expansion and deliver sustained earnings growth over the long-term.
As of September 27, 2006, there were 477 Steak n Shake restaurants operating in 20 states, including 429 Company-owned restaurants and 48 franchised units.
Fiscal 2007 Guidance
For fiscal year 2007, the Company anticipates diluted earnings per share in the range of $0.90 to $1.00. This is based on expected same store sales growth of positive 1% to down 3%. The Company anticipates opening approximately 15 Company-owned restaurants and at least 7 franchise units in fiscal 2007. During the year, the Company will review all aspects of the current organization and will take any necessary actions to ensure sales and earnings momentum going forward. Any actions which would affect cash flow have been estimated and are included in the earnings per share guidance above. In addition, the Company will continue reviewing all underperforming stores and will develop a plan to improve each stores performance or dispose of the assets.
Investor Conference Call and Webcast
The Steak n Shake Company will broadcast its investor conference call live over the Internet at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time, 4:00 p.m. Central Time today. Hosting the call will be Peter M. Dunn, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jeffrey A. Blade, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
Interested investors and other parties may listen to a simultaneous webcast of the conference call by logging onto the Company's website at www.steaknshake.com. The on-line replay will be available for a limited time immediately following the call.
The call can also be accessed live over the phone by dialing (800) 819-9193, or for international callers, (913) 981-4911. A replay will be available one hour after the call and can be accessed by dialing (888) 203-1112, or for international callers, (719) 457-0820. The passcode for the replay is 8718147. The replay will be available until November 21, 2006.
About Steak n Shake
Steak n Shake is a full service, casual dining restaurant serving a core menu of its famous STEAKBURGER
TM
sandwiches, thin n crispy french fries, old fashioned hand-dipped milk shakes, chili, home style soups, fresh salads, a variety of desserts and breakfast. All of the food is prepared to the guests order and served by friendly, well-trained associates. Steak n Shake restaurants feature full-service dining areas, counter service and drive-thru windows and are open 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
This press release contains forward-looking information. In general, forward-looking statements include estimates of future revenues, cash flows, capital expenditures, or other financial items, and assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements reflect managements current expectations regarding future events and use words such as anticipate, believe, expect, may, will, and other similar terminology. These statements speak only as of the date they were made and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. Several factors, many beyond our control, could cause actual results to differ significantly from our expectations, such as the following: the effectiveness of our expansion plans, including the ability to acquire cost-effective sites; the effectiveness of our operating initiatives; changes in economic conditions; the impact of restaurant closings; changes in consumer tastes; changes in consumer behavior, including behavior based on publicity or concerns relating to food safety or food-borne illnesses; the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing initiatives; competitor influences; poor performance in a regional area or in even a small number of geographically diverse restaurants, and the impact this performance could have on consolidated results; harsh weather conditions, primarily in the first and second quarters; the availability and cost of qualified personnel; changes in minimum wage rates; changes in food commodity prices; the completion of mergers or acquisitions and the successful integration of those transactions into the Companys business; and changes in applicable accounting policies and practices, including the failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting. The foregoing list of important factors is not intended to be all-inclusive as other general market, industry, economic, and political factors may also impact our operations. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements, as we assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements.
Contact:
 
Jeffrey A. Blade
Jeff.blade@steakns
hake.com
www.steaknshake.com
(317) 633-4100
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20070124164510.txt.gz
TIME:20070124164510
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
        
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ]    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ]    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
                                THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
 
                                                                  By:    
/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
        
 
                                                                                  Jeffrey A. Blade,
 
                                                                                  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 
                                                                                  Dated: January 24, 2007

Exhibit 99.1
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20070209141221.txt.gz
TIME:20070209141221
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ]    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ]    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
ITEM 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
 
On February 7, 2007, the shareholders of The Steak n Shake Company (the "Company") approved the 2007 Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Plan (the "Plan") at the annual shareholder's meeting. The purpose of the Plan is to secure for the Company and its shareholders the benefits inherent in common stock ownership by newly appointed Directors of the Company. The Plan provides for the grant of up to 1,000 shares of common stock to Directors elected or appointed after January 1, 2005. The shares have a three-year restriction on transfer. A copy of the Option Plan is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of this report.
ITEM 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
(c)
 
Exhibits
 
10.1    2007 Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Plan
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
                            
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
 
 
                            By: 
/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
 
                            Jeffrey A. Blade
 
                            Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
    
                            Dated February 9, 2007
 

Exhibit 10.1
The purpose of the 2007 Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Plan (the Plan) is to foster and enhance the long-term profitability of The Steak n Shake Company (the Company) for the benefit of its shareholders by aligning the interests of directors with those of shareholders and to reward directors for strong performance.
Eligibility for grants under the Plan shall be limited to non-employee directors of the Steak n Shake Company who are or were elected or appointed to serve in such capacity on or after January 1, 2005.
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors shall have the power to amend, suspend or terminate the Plan at any time except that, subject to the conditions of Section 5 above, (i) no such action shall cancel, reduce or adversely affect any grant theretofore made without the consent of the Participant or the Participants beneficiary or estate; or (ii) without the approval of the shareholders of the Company, the Board of Directors may not increase the aggregate number of Restricted Shares and Book Units to be granted.
Each grant of Restricted Shares and Book Units under the Plan shall be evidenced by a written agreement executed by the Company and accepted by the Participant, and shall contain such terms and conditions as the Board of Directors may deem desirable which are not inconsistent with the Plan.
The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors shall have the power to interpret the Plan, and all interpretations, determinations and actions by the Compensation Committee shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all parties.
This Plan shall become effective on February 7, 2007 and will continue to December 31, 2015, subject to approval of the Plan by the holders of a majority of the shares of Common Stock of the Company which are represented in person or by proxy at the 2007 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20070426150621.txt.gz
TIME:20070426150621
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
 
 
 
 
 
        
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ]    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ]    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
1
 
2
    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
                     
 
                                                                 
                                                                               
                                                                                 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20070509160018.txt.gz
TIME:20070509160018
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
        
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ]    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ]    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
                                THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
 
                                                                  By:    
/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
        
 
                                                                                  Jeffrey A. Blade,
 
                                                                                  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 
                                                                                  Dated: May 9, 2007

Exhibit 99.1


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20070514162223.txt.gz
TIME:20070514162223
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
 
 
 
 
 
        
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ]    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ]    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
1
 
2
    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
                     
 
                                                                 
                                                                               
                                                                                 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20070713101809.txt.gz
TIME:20070713101809
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
 
 
 
 
 
        
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ]    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ]    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
1
 
2
    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
                     
 
                                                                 
                                                                               
                                                                                 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20070809160206.txt.gz
TIME:20070809160206
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
        
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ]    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ]    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
                                THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
 
                                                                  By:    
/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
        
 
                                                                                  Jeffrey A. Blade,
 
                                                                                  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 
                                                                                  Dated: August 9, 2007

Exhibit 99.1


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20070813164931.txt.gz
TIME:20070813164931
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
        
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ]    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ]    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
1
 
2
    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
                     
 
                                                                 
                                                                               
                                                                                 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Contact: Linda Jackson or Wendy Mehringer
              Borshoff Johnson Matthews
   LJackson@bjmpr.com
   WMehringer@bjmpr.com
   Office:  (317) 631-6400
   Mobile: (317) 439-2252 (Linda)
    (317) 840-8424 (Wendy)
Brad Cohen
ICR, Inc.
bcohen@icrinc.com
Office:                                (203) 682-8211
Mobile:                      (203) 247-5496
Fax:                      (203) 222-9372
Bill Harnew
The Steak n Shake Company
Bill.harnew@steaknshake.com
Office:                                (317) 633-4100
Fax:                      (317) 633-4105
INDIANAPOLIS, August 13, 2007/PRNewswire -- The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE: SNS) announced today that Chairman of the Board, Alan Gilman, has taken on expanded responsibility, becoming the interim President and Chief Executive Officer.    Mr. Gilman joined Steak n Shake as President and CEO in 1992 after a long and distinguished career in executive positions with Federated Department Stores.  Mr. Gilman has served as Chairman of the Board since August, 2003.
Peter Dunn, President and CEO, after five years in this role, has notified the Company that he has decided to resign as an officer and director effective immediately to pursue other interests.  Mr. Dunn stated, I appreciate my time with Steak n Shake and believe it is an outstanding brand with a strong future.  Mr. Gilman thanked Mr. Dunn for his contributions to Steak n Shake stating, We appreciate the hard work and dedication Peter gave to the Company.
In taking over leadership, Mr. Gilman remarked, we are fortunate to have a strong and experienced financial and operations team in place, and we are confident that we will be able to accomplish a seamless transition. As the Company moves forward the focus will remain on providing outstanding service and quality food to its guests.
Steak n Shake is a full service, casual dining restaurant serving a core menu of its famous STEAKBURGER sandwiches, thin n crispy French fries, old fashioned hand-dipped milk shakes, chili, home style soups, fresh salads, a variety of desserts and breakfast. All of the food is prepared to the guests order and served by friendly, well-trained associates. Steak n Shake restaurants feature full-service dining areas, counter service and drive-thru windows and are open 24 hours a day, seven days a week.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20070822152702.txt.gz
TIME:20070822152702
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
 
 
 
 
        
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ]    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ]    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ]    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
1
 
2
    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
                     
 
                                                                 
                                                                               
                                                                                 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20071115160354.txt.gz
TIME:20071115160354
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
 
[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
Item 2.02. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION
 
 
On November 15, 2007, The Steak n Shake Company (the "Company") issued a Press Release announcing its fiscal year 2007 fourth quarter results. The Company's earnings release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of this report.
 
The Company is furnishing the information contained in this report, including the Exhibit, pursuant to Item 2.02 of Form 8-K promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). This information shall not be deemed to be "filed" with the SEC or incorporated by reference into any other filing with the SEC. By filing this report on Form 8-K and furnishing this information, the Registrant makes no admission as to the materiality of any information in this report, including the Exhibits.
 
Item 9.01 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBIT
 
(c) Exhibit
 
99.1 Press Release, dated November 15, 2007, issued by the Company
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
By:
/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
 
Jeffrey A. Blade,
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 
Dated: November 15, 2007

INDIANAPOLIS, November 15, 2007 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE: SNS) today announced its revenues and earnings for the fourth quarter 2007 ended September 26, 2007.
Highlights of the fiscal fourth quarter include:
 
Highlights for fiscal 2007 include:
Fiscal Fourth Quarter 2007 Results
Total revenues for the 2007 fiscal fourth quarter were $151.1 million compared to $152.0 in the same quarter last year. During the fourth quarter, same store sales declined by 3.9% as guest traffic was impacted by issues of store level execution and the continuing issues facing consumers related to various housing issues and rising consumer costs.
 
Net earnings for the 2007 fiscal fourth quarter were $1.5 million, or $0.05 per diluted share, compared to $7.5 million, or $0.27 per diluted share in the prior year. During the 2007 fiscal fourth quarter a $1.1 million pre-tax charge ($0.7 million, or $0.02 per share net of tax) was recorded for non-operating expenses related to evolution of the organization. In addition, earnings for the quarter were also impacted by higher commodity costs and minimum wage increases, partially offset by a favorable effective tax rate.
Fiscal 2007 Full Year Results
For the fiscal year 2007, total revenues increased 2.4% to $654.1 million compared to $638.8 million in the prior year. Same store sales decreased 3.8% for Company-owned units during fiscal 2007. Diluted earnings per share were $0.42 versus $1.00 in the prior year. Net earnings were $11.8 million, including $1.9 million of pre tax, non-operating expenses related to evolution of the organization and a $5.4 million pre tax, non-cash impairment charge related primarily to 14 underperforming restaurants. Diluted earnings per share includes a $0.04 per share impact of non-operating expenses and $0.12 per share of non-cash impairment charges.
 
 
 
 
Alan Gilman, Acting Chief Executive Officer and Chairman commented, "Fiscal 2007 was a very challenging year for the Steak n Shake Company related primarily to issues of store level brand execution,
compounded by a difficult on-going consumer environment. We are clearly disappointed with the operating results and are working with a sense of urgency to address these business challenges. As we begin fiscal 2008, the management team is focused on simplifying business initiatives, intensifying the focus on field leadership and store level execution, as well as critically reviewing the Companys cost structure
The Company expects a difficult cost environment in fiscal 2008, including rapidly rising commodity costs, especially dairy, as well as the incremental annual impact of minimum wage increases.  We are attempting to aggressively manage through this cost environment with prudent price increases, labor management efficiencies and supply chain cost savings initiatives. In addition, during the fourth quarter we took actions that will lower net general & administrative expenses for fiscal 2008 by approximately $8.1 million, reflecting our initiatives focused on store level execution.
Mr. Gilman concluded, Despite the current challenging operating environment, we remain confident about the future of this great brand as we intensify our focus on improving store level execution and its role in delighting our loyal customers. While this important work takes time, it is fundamental to the future success of Steak n Shake.
Fiscal 2008 Guidance
The Company is issuing 2008 full year fiscal diluted earnings per share guidance ranging from $0.32 to $0.42. This guidance is based on annual same store sales of down 1.0% to 5.0%, given the continued difficult operating environment and the resulting impact on same stores sales performance. The Company expects that same store sales will improve throughout the year with the first quarter reflecting the current challenging business environment and the impact of an incremental coupon value event in fiscal 2007 that was not repeated in the current year, partially offset by a November fiscal 2008 price increase.
The Company anticipates opening approximately nine Company-owned and six franchised stores during fiscal 2008. The Company will also rebuild two older units and remodel four to six units utilizing an updated restaurant design which adds the historic winged logo to the building exterior. The updated design will be used for new unit construction beginning in fiscal 2009. As of September 26, 2007, there were 491 Steak n Shake restaurants operating in 21 states, including 435 Company-owned restaurants and 56 franchised units.
As previously announced during August, the Company appointed a Special Committee of independent directors to examine all potential strategic opportunities to increase shareholder value. The Special Committee continues to work with Merrill Lynch & Co. which was retained as its financial advisor. The work of this Committee is on-going and any future decisions that may arise from this work will be shared at the appropriate time.
Investor Conference Call and Webcast
The Steak n Shake Company will broadcast its investor conference call live over the Internet at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time, 4:00 p.m. Central Time today. Hosting the call will be Alan B. Gilman, Interim CEO and Chairman and Jeffrey A. Blade, Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative & Financial Officer. Interested investors and other parties may listen to a simultaneous webcast of the conference call by logging onto the Company's website at http://www.steaknshake.com. The on-line replay will be available for a limited time immediately following the call.
The call can also be accessed live over the phone by dialing (800) 289-0494, or for international callers, (913) 981-5520. A replay will be available one hour after the call and can be accessed by dialing (888) 203-1112, or for international callers, (719) 457-0820. The passcode for the replay is 3466357. The replay will be available until November 22, 2007.
About Steak n Shake
Steak n Shake is a full service, casual dining restaurant serving a core menu of its famous STEAKBURGER(TM) sandwiches, thin 'n crispy french fries, old fashioned hand-dipped milk shakes, chili, home style soups, fresh salads, a variety of desserts and breakfast. All of the food is prepared to the guest's order and served by friendly, well-trained associates. Steak n Shake restaurants feature fullservice dining areas, counter service and drive-thru windows and are open 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Risks Associated with Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements contained in this press release represent forward-looking statements. In general, forward-looking statements include estimates of future revenues, cash flows, capital expenditures, or other financial items, and assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements reflect managements current expectations regarding future events and use words such as "anticipate", "believe", "expect", "may", "will", and other similar terminology. These statements speak only as of the date they were made and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. Several factors, many beyond our control, could cause actual results to differ significantly from our expectations, such as the following: the effectiveness of our planned expansion; the poor performance or closing of even a small number of restaurants; our ability to attract and retain guests; changes in guest preferences, tastes and dietary habits; minimum wage rates; the availability and cost of qualified personnel; fluctuations in food commodity prices and the availability of food commodities; harsh weather conditions; unfavorable publicity relating to food safety or food borne illness; our ability to comply with existing and future governmental regulations; our ability to adequately protect our trademarks, service marks, and other components of our brand; and the other risks identified in the periodic reports we file with the SEC. Further, the Special Committees evaluation of strategic alternatives may not result in a change in business strategy or an increase in shareholder value.  Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that are currently deemed immaterial may also become important factors that may harm our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements except as required in our periodic reports and we do not intend to comment on the status of the Special Committees evaluation of strategic alternatives unless and until there is a material development to report. 
Contact:               Jeffrey A. Blade
Jeff.blade@steakns
hake.com
www.steaknshake.com
(317) 633-4100


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20080111160532.txt.gz
TIME:20080111160532
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Item 2.02. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION
 
 On January 11, 2008, The Steak n Shake Company (the "Company") issued a Press Release announcing preliminary results for its fiscal year 2008 first quarter. The Company's preliminary earnings release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of this report.
   
 
 The Company is furnishing the information contained in this report, including the Exhibit, pursuant to Item 2.02 of Form 8-K promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). This information shall not be deemed to be "filed" with the SEC or incorporated by reference into any other filing with the SEC. By filing this report on Form 8-K and furnishing this information, the Registrant makes no admission as to the materiality of any information in this report, including the Exhibits.
   
 
Item 9.01 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS
 
(d) Exhibits
 
99.1 Press Release, dated January 11, 2008, issued by the Company
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
By:
/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
Jeffrey A. Blade,
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 
Dated: January 11, 2008

 
INDIANAPOLIS, January 11, 2008 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE: SNS) today announced preliminary results for the fiscal first quarter 2008 ended December 19, 2007.
Preliminary results for the fiscal first quarter 2008 include:
Fiscal First Quarter 2008 Preliminary Results
The Company expects to report fiscal first quarter 2008 revenue of $136 million compared to $147 million in the comparable period last year. Same store sales are expected to decline 9.5% as guest traffic was impacted by deterioration in the consumer economic environment, a prior year incremental coupon that was not repeated in the current year, unfavorable weather in the month of December, aggressive promotional activity from competitors, and ongoing issues with store level execution. As a result, the Company expects to report a fiscal first quarter 2008 loss per share within a range of ($0.04) to ($0.05) compared to diluted earnings per share in the prior year of $0.15.
Fiscal 2008 Guidance
Given the difficult first quarter preliminary results and the current challenging economic environment, the Companys guidance for the year should no longer be relied upon. Further information regarding our guidance for the remainder of fiscal 2008 will be provided on the Companys earnings call, which is scheduled for January 24, 2008.
 
Investor Conference Call and Webcast
The Company will release its fiscal first quarter 2008 results after the market close on Thursday, January 24, 2008, to be followed by a conference call at 5:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) or 4:00 p.m. (Central Time).
Hosting the call will be Alan B. Gilman, Interim President, CEO and Chairman, and Jeffrey A. Blade, Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative & Financial Officer. Interested investors and other parties may listen to a simultaneous webcast of the conference call by logging onto the Company's web site at http://www.steaknshake.com. The on-line replay will be available for a limited time immediately following the call.
 
About Steak n Shake
Steak n Shake is a full service, casual dining restaurant serving a core menu of its famous STEAKBURGER sandwiches, thin 'n crispy french fries, old fashioned hand-dipped milk shakes, chili, home style soups, fresh salads, a variety of desserts and breakfast. All of the food is prepared to the guest's order and served by friendly, well-trained associates. Steak n Shake restaurants feature full service dining areas, counter service and drive-thru windows and are open 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
TM
Risks Associated with Forward-Looking Statements
     Further, the Special Committees evaluation of strategic alternatives may not result in a change in business strategy or an increase in shareholder value. 
Certain statements contained in this press release represent forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
. In general, forward-looking statements include estimates of future revenues, cash flows, capital expenditures or other financial items, as well as assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements reflect managements current expectations regarding future events and use words such as anticipate, believe, expect, may and other similar terminology
. A forward-looking statement is neither a prediction nor a guarantee of future events or circumstances, and those future events or circumstances may not occur. Investors should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. These forward-looking statements are based on currently available operating, financial and competitive information and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Our actual future results and trends may differ materially depending on a variety of factors, many beyond our control, including, but not limited to:
the poor performance or closing of even a small number of restaurants; our ability to attract and retain guests; the ability of our franchisees to operate profitable restaurants; changes in guest preferences, tastes and dietary habits; minimum wage rates; the availability and cost of qualified personnel; fluctuations in food commodity prices and the availability of food commodities; harsh weather conditions; unfavorable publicity relating to food safety or food borne illness; our ability to comply with the restrictions and covenants
to our debt agreements;
our ability to comply with existing and future governmental regulations; our ability to adequately protect our trademarks, service marks and other components of our brand; and other risks identified in the periodic reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that are currently deemed immaterial may also become important factors that may harm our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements except as required in our periodic reports,
and we do not intend to comment on the status of the Special Committees evaluation of strategic alternatives unless and until there is a material development to report
. 
Contact:                Jeffrey A. Blade
Jeff.blade@steakns
hake.com
www.steaknshake.com
(317) 633-4100


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20080124160949.txt.gz
TIME:20080124160949
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Item 2.02. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION
 
 On January 24, 2008, The Steak n Shake Company (the "Company") issued a Press Release announcing its fiscal year 2008 first quarter results. The Company's earnings release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of this report.
   
 
 The Company is furnishing the information contained in this report, including the Exhibit, pursuant to Item 2.02 of Form 8-K promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). This information shall not be deemed to be "filed" with the SEC or incorporated by reference into any other filing with the SEC. By filing this report on Form 8-K and furnishing this information, the Registrant makes no admission as to the materiality of any information in this report, including the Exhibits.
   
 
Item 9.01 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS
 
(d) Exhibits
 
99.1 Press Release, dated January 24, 2008, issued by the Company
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
   
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
By:
/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
Jeffrey A. Blade,
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial & Administrative Officer
 
Dated: January 24, 2008

EXHIBIT 99.1
INDIANAPOLIS, January 24, 2008 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE: SNS) today announced its results for fiscal 2008 first quarter ended December 19, 2007.
Selected results from the fiscal first quarter include:
Fiscal First Quarter 2008 Results
 Total revenues for the fiscal 2008 first quarter decreased 7.4% to $136.4 million compared to $147.3 million in the comparable period last year. During the first quarter, same store sales declined by 9.5%. Net loss for the fiscal 2008 first quarter was ($1.2 million), or ($0.04) per share, compared to net earnings of $4.2 million, or $0.15 per diluted share in the prior year.
   
 Several factors contributed to these results. Among them was a prior year incremental coupon that was not repeated in the current year. The coupon, combined with unfavorable weather in the month of December contributed approximately 3.0 percentage points of the same store sales decline. Guest traffic was also impacted by further deterioration in the consumer economic environment, aggressive promotional activity from competitors, and ongoing challenges with store level execution.
   
 Alan Gilman, Chairman and Interim President and Chief Executive Officer, commented, The first fiscal quarter of 2008 was a very challenging period for the Steak n Shake Company. We are clearly disappointed with our operating results and are aggressively implementing several initiatives to drive same store sales improvement. These initiatives include accelerated media advertising in major Steak n Shake markets, as well as more aggressive promotional activity around our core Steakburger sandwiches. In March we will launch our new breakfast menu, which features several new hand held breakfast sandwich offerings and enhanced coffee with the debut of Seattles Best coffee.
   
TM
TM
 Mr. Gilman continued, We continue our efforts to simplify our business initiatives, intensify focus on field leadership and critically review the Companys cost structure. Beginning this month we are implementing an updated dining room service process called personalized service that will enable an improvement in the guest service experience. Work also continues on menu simplification in order to maximize sales potential and enhance execution consistency. During the fiscal first quarter of 2008, the Company reduced General and Administrative expenses by 25.2% versus prior year.
   
 Mr. Gilman concluded We remain confident in the long-term future of Steak n Shake as we intensify our efforts on improving store level execution and its role in driving consistent visits from our loyal customers. While this process takes time, it is especially important in the current environment and fundamental to the long-term success of Steak n Shake.
   
 As previously announced in August, the Company appointed a Special Committee of independent directors to examine all potential strategic opportunities to increase shareholder value. The Special Committee continues to work with Merrill Lynch & Co. which was retained as its financial advisor. The Company continues to pursue a parallel process in conducting a search for a new CEO while working to identify strategic alternatives that would enhance shareholder value. The Company will provide an update on the work of the Special Committee, including the progress of the CEO search when there is additional appropriate information to be shared.
   
 As of December 19, 2007, there were 497 Steak n Shake restaurants operating in 21 states, including 435 Company-owned restaurants and 62 franchised units.
   
Fiscal 2008 Guidance
 As previously communicated, given first quarter performance and the high level of uncertainty surrounding the current consumer and macroeconomic environment, the Company is suspending its 2008 full year diluted earnings per share and same store sales guidance until visibility into future results improves.
   
 The Company anticipates the opening of five additional Company-owned and four additional franchised stores during the remainder of fiscal 2008. The Company also plans to rebuild two older units and remodel four to six units utilizing an updated restaurant design.
   
Annual Meeting of Shareholders
 The Company plans to hold its annual meeting of shareholders
   
in early March 2008
. Further information regarding the annual meeting of shareholders will be provided in the Company's proxy statement
, which the Company anticipates mailing at the beginning of February.
Investor Conference Call and Webcast
 The Steak n Shake Company will broadcast its investor conference call live over the Internet at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time today. Hosting the call will be Alan B. Gilman, Chairman and Interim President and Chief Executive Officer and Jeffrey A. Blade, Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative & Financial Officer.
   
 Interested investors and other parties may listen to a simultaneous webcast of the conference call by logging onto the Company's web site at http://www.steaknshake.com. The on-line replay will be available for a limited time immediately following the call.
   
 The call can also be accessed live over the phone by dialing (800) 753-9057, or for international callers, (913) 981-5510. A replay will be available shortly after the call and can be accessed by dialing (888) 203-1112, or for international callers, (719) 457-0820. The passcode for the replay is 4654212. The replay will be available until January 31, 2008.
   
About Steak n Shake
 Steak n Shake is a full-service, casual dining restaurant serving a core menu of its famous STEAKBURGER sandwiches, thin 'n crispy french fries, old fashioned hand-dipped milk shakes, chili, home style soups, fresh salads, a variety of desserts and breakfast. All of the food is prepared to the guest's order and served by friendly, well-trained associates. Steak n Shake restaurants feature full-service dining areas, counter service and drive-thru windows and most are open 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
   
TM
Risks Associated with Forward-Looking Statements
     Further, the Special Committees evaluation of strategic alternatives may not result in a change in business strategy or an increase in shareholder value. 
 Certain statements contained in this press release represent forward-looking statements
   
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In general, forward-looking statements include estimates of future revenues, cash flows, capital expenditures or other financial items, as well as assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements reflect managements current expectations regarding future events and use words such as anticipate, believe, expect, may and other similar terminology. A forward-looking statement is neither a prediction nor a guarantee of future events or circumstances, and those future events or circumstances may not occur. Investors should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. These forward-looking statements are based on currently available operating, financial and competitive information and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Our actual future results and trends may differ materially depending on a variety of factors, many beyond our control, including, but not limited to:
the poor performance or closing of even a small number of restaurants; our ability to attract and retain guests; the ability of our franchisees to operate profitable restaurants; changes in guest preferences, tastes and dietary habits; minimum wage rates; the availability and cost of qualified personnel; fluctuations in food commodity prices and the availability of food commodities; harsh weather conditions; unfavorable publicity relating to food safety or food borne illness; our ability to comply with the restrictions and covenants
to our debt agreements;
our ability to renegotiate our debt agreements and refinance our current debt at similar rates;
our ability to comply with existing and future governmental regulations; our ability to adequately protect our trademarks, service marks and other components of our brand; and other risks identified in the periodic reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that are currently deemed immaterial may also become important factors that may harm our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements except as required in our periodic reports, and we do not intend to comment on the status of the Special Committees evaluation of strategic alternatives unless and until there is a material development to report. 
Contact: Jeffrey A. Blade
Jeff.Blade@steakns
hake.com
(317) 633-4100
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20080131154912.txt.gz
TIME:20080131154912
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[   ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[X] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[   ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[   ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Item 5.03.  Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or By-Laws; Change in Fiscal Year.
On January 29, 2008, the Board of Directors of The Steak n Shake Company (the Company) amended the Companys Restated By-Laws.  Article IV, Section 3 was amended to increase the number of outstanding shares of common stock required to request a special meeting of shareholders from one-fourth to eighty percent.  Portions of Article V, Section 1 were deleted as either being unnecessary in view of the provisions of the Indiana Business Corporation Law or duplicative of the following section.  Article I, Sections 8 and 9 were amended to facilitate the trading of shares of the Companys common stock on an uncertificated basis.  Other changes were made throughout the By-Laws to correct inconsistencies in terminology and punctuation.
The above summary is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the By-Laws, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1 and incorporated herein by reference.
Item 8.01.  Other Events.
Concurrently with the filing of this report, the Chairman of the Company's Nominating/Governance Committee is sending a letter to Sardar Biglari and Philip L. Cooley extending an offer to include those persons as nominees for election as directors at the 2008 annual meeting of shareholders.
The above description of the letter is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the letter, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and the information contained therein is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01.  Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
 
THIS COMMUNICATION IS NOT A SOLICITATION OF A PROXY WHICH MAY BE DONE ONLY PURSUANT TO A DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT.  SHAREHOLDERS ARE ADVISED TO READ THE PROXY STATEMENT AND OTHER DOCUMENTS RELATED TO THE SOLICITATION OF PROXIES BY THE MANAGEMENT OF THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY (THE COMPANY) FROM THE SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY, FOR USE AT THE 2008 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION.  WHEN COMPLETED, A DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT AND A FORM OF PROXY WILL BE MAILED TO SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY AND WILL BE AVAILABLE AT NO CHARGE AT THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONS WEB SITE AT HTTP://WWW.SEC.GOV AND FROM THE COMPANYS WEB SITE AT WWW.STEAKNSHAKE.COM.
THE COMPANY AND ITS DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND OTHER MEMBERS OF MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES MAY BE DEEMED TO PARTICIPATE IN THE SOLICITATION OF PROXIES IN RESPECT OF THE COMPANYS ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS.  INFORMATION REGARDING THE COMPANYS DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS IS AVAILABLE IN THE COMPANYS ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 26, 2007, FILED WITH THE SEC ON DECEMBER 10, 2007, AND AMENDED ON JANUARY 24, 2008.  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING THE INTERESTS OF SUCH POTENTIAL PARTICIPANTS WILL BE INCLUDED IN THE PROXY STATEMENT AND OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED WITH, OR FURNISHED TO, THE SEC WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE.
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
   
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
By:
/s/ Alan B. Gilman
Alan B. Gilman,
Chairman, Interim President and Chief Executive Officer
 
Dated: January 31, 2008

EXHIBIT 3.01
 
.  The name of the corporation is The Steak n Shake Company (Corporation).
Section 1.
 
Name
.  The post-office address of the principal office of the Corporation is 500 Century Building, 36 South Pennsylvania Street, Indianapolis, Indiana 46204, and the name and post-office address of its Resident Agent in charge of such office is C T Corporation System, 36 South Pennsylvania Street, Suite 700, Indianapolis, Indiana 46204.
Section 2.
 
Principal Office and Resident Agent
.  The seal of the Corporation shall be circular in form and mounted upon a metal die, suitable for impressing the same upon paper.  About the upper periphery of the seal shall appear the words The Steak n Shake Company and about the lower periphery thereof the word Indiana.  In the center of the seal shall appear the word Seal.
Section 3.
 
Seal
 
The fiscal year of the Corporation shall end on the last Wednesday in September of each calendar year.
 
 
  The total number of shares of common stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 50,000,000 shares, which shall consist of 50,000,000 common shares without par value.  In addition, the Corporation shall have the authority to issue 10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock on the terms and conditions set forth in the amendment to the Articles of Incorporation adopted May 16, 2001.
Section 1.
 
Number of Shares and Classes of Capital Stock
.
  The shares of stock of the Corporation without par value shall be issued or sold in such manner and for such amount of consideration as may be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors, such shares of stock shall be fully paid and nonassessable.
Section 2.
 
Consideration for No Par Shares
.
  Treasury shares may be disposed of by the Corporation for such consideration as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors.
Section 3.
 
Consideration for Treasury Shares
.
  The consideration for the issuance of shares of capital stock of the Corporation may be paid, in whole or in part, in money, in other property, tangible or intangible, or in labor actually performed for, or services actually rendered to the Corporation which is transferred to stated capital upon the issuance of shares as a share dividend shall be deemed to be the consideration for the issuance of such shares.  When payment of the consideration for which a share was authorized to be issued shall have been received by the Corporation, or when surplus shall have been transferred to stated capital upon the issuance of a share dividend, such share shall be declared and taken to be fully paid and not liable to any further call or assessment, and the holder thereof shall not be liable for any further payments thereon.  In the absence of actual fraud in the transaction, the judgment of the Board of Directors as to the value of such property, labor or services received as consideration, or the value placed by the Board of Directors upon the corporate assets in the event of a share dividend, shall be conclusive.  Promissory notes, uncertified checks, or future services shall not be accepted in payment or part payment of the capital stock of the Corporation, except as permitted by The Indiana Business Corporation Law.
Section 4.
 
Payment for Shares
.
  Shares of stock of each class of the Corporation may be issued in book-entry form or evidenced by certificates.  However, every holder of capital stock of the Corporation shall be entitled upon request to have a stock certificate evidencing the shares owned by the shareholder, signed by the Chairman of the Board or a Vice President and the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary of the Corporation, with the seal of the Corporation thereto affixed, certifying the number of shares owned by the shareholder in the Corporation.  Every certificate shall state on its face (or in the case of book-entry shares, the statements evidencing ownership of such shares shall state) the name of the Corporation, the name of the registered holder, the number of shares represented by such certificate (or book-entry statement), the par value of each share of stock or that such shares of stock are without par value, and that such shares are not fully paid and nonassessable.  If such shares are not fully paid, and as further payments are made, the certificate shall be stamped (or the book-entry statement updated) accordingly.
Section 5.
 
Certificates for Shares
.
If the Corporation is authorized to issue shares of more than one class, every certificate (or book-entry statement) shall state the kind and class of shares represented thereby, and the relative rights, interests, preferences and restrictions of such class, or a summary thereof, provided, that such statement may be omitted from the certificate if it shall be set forth upon the face or back of the certificate that such statement, in full, will be furnished by the Corporation to any shareholder upon written request and without charge.
  If a certificate is countersigned by the written signature of a transfer agent other than the Corporation or its employee, the signatures of the officers of the Corporation may be facsimiles.  If a certificate is countersigned by the written signature of a registrar other than the Corporation or its employee, the signatures of the transfer agent and the officer, transfer agent, or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent, or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent, or registrar at the date of its issue.
Section 6.
 
Facsimile Signatures
.
  The shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be transferable only on the books of the Corporation upon surrender of the certificate or certificates, if any, representing the same, properly endorsed by the registered holder or by his duly authorized attorney or accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignment or authority to transfer.
Section 7.
 
Transfer of Shares
.
  Every certificate surrendered to the Corporation for exchange or transfer shall be canceled, and no new certificate or certificates shall be issued in exchange for any existing certificate until such existing certificate shall have been so canceled, except in cases provided for in Section 10 of this Article III.
Section 8.
 
Cancellation
.
  The Board of Directors may appoint a transfer agent and a registrar for each class of capital stock of the Corporation and may require all certificates representing such shares to bear the signature of such transfer agent and registrar.  Shareholders shall be responsible for notifying the transfer agent and registrar for the class of stock held by such shareholder in writing of any changes in their addresses from time to time, and failure so to do shall relieve the Corporation, its shareholders, directors, officers, transfer agent and registrar of liability for failure to direct notices, dividends, or other documents or property to an address other than the one appearing upon the records of the transfer agent and registrar of the Corporation.
Section 9.
 
Transfer Agent and Registrar
.
  The Board of Directors may authorize the transfer agent and a registrar to issue replacement shares for Corporation stock alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost, stolen or destroyed.  When authorizing such issue of a new certificate or certificates, the Corporation may, in its discretion and as a condition of precedent to the issuance thereof, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate or certificates, or his legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond in such sum and in such form as it may direct to indemnify against any claim that may be made against the Corporation with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed or the issuance of such new certificate.  The Corporation, at its discretion, may authorize the issuance of such new certificates without any bond when in its judgment it is proper to do so.
Section 10.
 
Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates.
  The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of such shares to receive dividends, to vote as such owner, to hold liable for calls and assessments, and to treat as owner in all other respects, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claims to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Indiana.
Section 11.
 
Registered Shareholders
.
 
  The issuance, including the consideration of rights or options to officers or employees of the Corporation, and not to the shareholders generally, to purchase from the Corporation shares of its capital stock shall be approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote thereon or shall be authorized by and consistent with a plan approved by such a vote of the shareholders.  The price to be received for any shares having a par value other than treasury shares to be issued upon the exercise of such rights or options, shall not be less than the par value thereof.
Section 12.
 
Options to Officers and Employees
.
  Meetings of shareholders of the Corporation shall be held at such place, within or without the State of Indiana, as may from time to time be designated by the Board of Directors, or as may be specified in the notices or waivers of notice of such meetings.
Section 1.
 
Place of Meeting
.
  The annual meeting of shareholders for the election of directors, and for the transaction of such other business as may properly come before the meeting, shall be held on the second Wednesday of February of each year, unless in any year the Board of Directors establishes a different date as the date of the annual meeting.  Failure to hold the annual meeting at the designated time shall not work any forfeiture or dissolution of the Corporation, and shall not affect otherwise valid corporate acts.
Section 2.
 
Annual Meeting
.
  Special meetings of the shareholders for any purpose or purposes, unless otherwise prescribed by statute or by the Articles of Incorporation, may be called by the Board of Directors or the Chairman and shall be called by the Chairman or the Secretary at the request in writing of a majority of the Board of Directors, or at the request in writing of shareholders of record holding not less than eighty percent (80%) of all the shares outstanding and entitled by the Articles of Incorporation to vote on the business for which the meeting is being called.
Section 3.
 
Special Meetings
.
  A written or printed notice, stating the place, day and hour of the meeting, and in case of a special meeting, or when required by any other provision of the Indiana Business Corporation Law, or of the Articles of Incorporation, as now or hereafter amended, or these By-Laws, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, shall be delivered or mailed by the Secretary, or by the officers or persons calling the meeting, to each shareholder of record entitled by the Articles of Incorporation, as now or hereafter amended, and by The Indiana Business Corporation Law to vote at such meeting, at such address as appears upon the records of the Corporation, at least ten (10) days before the date of the meeting.  Notice of any such meeting may be waived in writing by any shareholder, if the waiver sets forth in reasonable detail the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, and the time and place thereof.  Attendance at any meeting in person, or by proxy, shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting.  Each shareholder, who has in the manner above provided waived notice of shareholders meeting, or who personally attends a shareholders meeting, is conclusively presumed to have been given due notice of such meeting.  Notice of any adjourned meeting of shareholders shall not be required to be given if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken, except as may be expressly required by law.
Section 4.
 
Notice of Meetings
.
  The address of any shareholder appearing upon the records of the Corporation shall be deemed to be the latest address of such shareholder for the class of stock held by such shareholder.
Section 5.
 
Addresses of Shareholders
.
Section 6.
 
Voting at Meetings
.
  The Transfer Agent of the Corporation shall make, at least five days before each election of directors, a complete list of the shareholders entitled by the Articles of Incorporation, as now or hereafter amended, to vote at such election, arranged in alphabetical order, with the address and number of shares so entitled to vote held by each, which list shall be on file at the principal office of the Corporation and subject to inspection by any shareholder.  Such list shall be produced and kept open at the time and place of election and subject to the inspection of any shareholder during the holding of such election.  The original stock registrar or transfer book, or a duplicate thereof kept in the State of Indiana, shall be the only evidence as to who are the shareholders entitled to examine such list or the stock ledger or transfer book or to vote at any meeting of the shareholders.
Section 7.
 
Voting List.
  The Board of Directors may prescribe a period not exceeding 70 days prior to meetings of the shareholders, during which stock on the books of the Corporation may not be transferred; or, in lieu of prohibiting the transfer of stock may set a date and time as the time at which shareholders entitled to notice of, and to vote at, such meeting shall be determined, and all persons who are holders of record of voting stock at such time, and no others, shall be entitled to notice of, and to vote at, such meeting.  Said date and time shall not be more than 70 days prior to any shareholders meeting.  In the absence of such determination, such date shall be 10 days prior to the date of such meeting.
Section 8.
 
Fixing of Record Date to Determine Shareholders Entitled to Vote.
.  For any shareholder proposal to be presented in connection with an annual meeting of shareholders, including any proposal relating to the nomination of a director to be elected to the Board of Directors of the Corporation, the shareholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation (Notice) and must have been a shareholder of record entitled to vote at the meetings at the time of giving of such notice.  To be timely, Notice must be delivered to or, if mailed, received at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not less than one hundred twenty (120) calendar days in advance of the date the Corporations proxy statement was released to shareholders in connection with the annual meeting of shareholders; provided, however, that in the event that no annual meeting was held in the previous year or the date of the annual meeting has been changed by more than thirty (30) days from the date of the previous years annual meeting, to be timely, Notice must be received by the Corporations Secretary at the principal office of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the later of one hundred twenty (120) calendar days in advance of such annual meeting or ten (10) calendar days following the date on which public announcement of the date of the annual meeting is first made.  Such Notice shall set forth (a) as to each person whom the shareholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director, (i) a statement of the qualifications of such person, (ii) all information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), (iii) a description of all arrangements or understandings among the shareholder and such person and (iv) the written consent of such person to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected; (b) as to any other business that the shareholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting, the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such shareholder and of the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made; and (c) as to the shareholder giving the Notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made, (i) the name and address of such shareholder, as they appear on the Corporations books, and of such beneficial owner and (ii) the class and number of shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially and of record by such shareholders and such beneficial owner.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in order to include information with respect to a shareholder proposal in the proxy statement and form of proxy for a shareholders meeting, shareholders must also provide notice as required by the regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act.
Section 9.
 
Shareholder Proposals and Nominations
  The Board of Directors currently consists of nine (9) directors, which number may be hereafter increased or reduced by resolution adopted by not less than a majority of the directors then in office; provided that no reduction in number shall have the effect of shortening the term of any incumbent director.
Section 1.
 
Number and Term of Office
.
All directors, except in the case of earlier resignation, removal or death, shall hold office until their respective successors are chosen and qualified.  Directors need not be shareholders of the Corporation.
  Any vacancy occurring in the Board of Directors caused by resignation, death or other incapacity shall be filled by a majority vote of the remaining members of the Board of Directors, until the next annual meeting of shareholders.  If the vote of the remaining members of the Board shall result in a tie, such vacancy, at the discretion of the Board of Directors, may be filled by vote of the shareholders at a special meeting for that purpose.
Section 2.
 
Vacancies
.
  The Board of Directors shall meet each year, at the place where such meeting of the shareholders has been held either within or without the State of Indiana, for the purpose of organization, election of officers, and consideration of any other business that may properly come before the meeting.  No notice of any kind to either old or new members of the Board of Directors for such meeting shall be necessary.
Section 3.
 
Annual Meeting of Directors
.
  Regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at such times and places, either within or without the State of Indiana, as may be fixed by the directors.  Such regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice or upon such notice as may be fixed by the directors.
Section 4.
 
Regular Meetings
.
  Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman of the Board, the President, or by not less than a majority of the members of the Board of Directors.  Notice of the time and place, either within or without the State of Indiana, of a special meeting shall be served upon or telephoned to each director at least twenty-four hours, or mailed, telegraphed or cabled to each director at his usual place of business or residence at least forty-eight hours, prior to the time of the meeting.  Directors, in lieu of such notice, may sign a written waiver of notice either before the time of the meeting, at the meeting or after the meeting.  Attendance by a director in person at any such special meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice.
Section 5.
 
Special Meetings
.
  A majority of the actual number of directors elected and qualified, from time to time, shall be necessary to constitute a quorum for the transaction of any business except the filing of vacancies, and the act of a majority of the directors present at the meeting, at which a quorum is present, shall be the act of the Board of Directors, unless the act of a greater number is required by The Indiana Business Corporation Law, by the Articles of Incorporation, or these By-Laws.  A director, who is present at a meeting of the Board of Directors, at which action on any corporate matter is taken, shall be deemed to have voted in favor of the action, unless (a) his dissent shall be affirmatively stated by him at and before the adjournment of such meeting (in which event the fact of such dissent shall be entered by the secretary of the meeting in the minutes of the meeting), or (b) he shall forward such dissent by registered mail to the Secretary of the Corporation immediately after the adjournment of the meeting.  The right of dissent provided for by either clause (a) or clause (b) of the immediately preceding sentence shall not be available, in respect of any matter, if the director did not change his vote prior to the time the result of the vote on such matter was announced by the Chairman of such meeting.
Section 6.
 
Quorum
.
  Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if  a written consent to such action is signed by all members of the Board of Directors or such committee, as the case may be, and such written consent is filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the Board of Directors or committee.
Section 7.
 
Consent Action by Directors
.
  Any or all members of the Board of Directors may be removed, with or without cause, at a meeting of shareholders called expressly for that purpose by a vote of the holders of not less than a majority of the outstanding shares of capital stock then entitled to vote in the election of directors.
Section 8.
 
Removal of Directors
.
  The Board of Directors shall have power, subject to any restrictions contained in The Indiana Business Corporation Law or in the Articles of Incorporation and out of funds legally available therefor, to declare and pay dividends upon the outstanding capital stock of the Corporation as and when they deem expedient.  Before declaring any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the Board of Directors from time to time in their absolute discretion deem proper for working capital, or as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies or for such other purposes as the Board of Directors shall deem conducive to the interests of the Corporation and the Board of Directors may modify or abolish any such reserve in the manner in which it was created.
Section 9.
 
Dividends
.
  The Board of Directors may fix a day and hour not exceeding 50 days preceding the date fixed for payment of any dividend or for the delivery of evidence of rights, or for the distribution or other corporate benefits, or for a determination of shareholders entitled to receive any such dividend, rights or distribution, and in such case only shareholders of record at the time so fixed shall be entitled to receive such dividend, rights or distribution.  If no record date is fixed for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive payment of a dividend, the end of the day on which the resolution of the Board of Directors declaring such dividend is adopted shall be the record date for such determination.
Section 10.
 
Fixing of Record Date to Determine Shareholders Entitled to Receive Corporate Benefits
.
  Any contract or other transaction between the Corporation or any corporation of which this Corporation owns a majority of the capital stock shall be valid and binding, notwithstanding that the directors and officers of this Corporation are identical or that some or all of the directors or officers, or both, are also directors or officers of such other corporation.
Section 11.
 
Interest of Directors in Contracts
.
 Any contract or other transaction between the Corporation and one or more of its directors or members or employees, or between the Corporation and any firm of which one or more of its directors are members or employees or in which they are interested, or between the Corporation and any corporation or association of which one or more of its directors are shareholders, members, directors, officers or employees or in which they are interested, shall be valid for all purposes, notwithstanding the presence of such director or directors at the meeting of the Board of Directors of the Corporation which acts upon, or in reference to, such contract or transaction and notwithstanding his or their participation in such action, if the fact of such interest shall be disclosed or known to the Board of Directors and the Boards of Directors shall authorize, approve and ratify such contract or transaction by a vote of a majority of the directors present, such interested director or directors to be counted in determining whether a quorum is present, but not to be counted in calculating the majority of such quorum necessary to carry such vote.  This Section shall not be construed to invalidate any contract or other transaction, which would otherwise be valid under the common and statutory law applicable thereto.
   
  The Board of Directors may, by resolution adopted by a majority of the actual number of directors elected and qualified, from time to time designate from among its members, an executive committee and one or more other committees and may delegate to each such committee such authority and power of the Board of Directors as shall be specified in such resolution, but no such committee shall have the authority of the Board of Directors in reference to amending the Articles of Incorporation, adopting an agreement or plan of merger or consolidation proposing a special corporate transaction, recommending to the shareholders a voluntary dissolution of the Corporation or a revocation thereof, or amending these By-Laws.  No member of any such committee shall continue to be a member thereof after he ceases to be a director of the Corporation.  The calling and holding of meetings of such committee and its method of procedure shall be as determined by the Board of Directors.
Section 12.
 
Committees.
  The principal officers of the Corporation shall be a Chairman, a President, one or more Vice Presidents, a Treasurer and a Secretary.  The Corporation may also have, at the discretion of the Board of Directors, such other subordinate officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of these By-Laws.  Any two or more offices may be held by the same person, except the office of Chairman shall not be given to an individual who is not a director of the Corporation.
Section 1.
 
Principal Officers
.
  The Board of Directors shall designate a Chief Executive Officer who shall be either the Chairman or President.  The Chief Executive Officer shall hold those powers and authorities normally accorded such position and shall be the senior officer accountable to the Board for the principles and policies of the Corporation.
Section 2.
 
Chief Executive Officer
.
  The principal officers of the Corporation shall be chosen annually by the Board of Directors at the annual meeting thereof.  Each such officer shall hold office until his successor shall have been duly chosen and qualified, or until his death, or he shall resign, or shall have been removed in the manner hereinafter provided.
Section 3.
 
Election and Term of Office
.
  Any principal officer may be removed either with or without cause, at any time by resolution adopted at any meeting of the Board of Directors elected and qualified from time to time.
Section 4.
 
Removal
.
  In addition to the principal officers enumerated in Section 1 of this Article VI, the Corporation may have a Controller, one or more Assistant Controllers, one or more Assistant Secretaries and such other officers, agents and employees as the Board of Directors may deem necessary, each of whom shall hold office for such period, may be removed with or without cause, have such authority and perform such duties as Chairman, the President, or the Board of Directors may from time to time determine.  The Board of Directors may delegate to any principal officer the power to appoint and to remove any such subordinate officers, agents or employees.
Section 5.
 
Subordinate Officers
.
  Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Chairman, the Board of Directors, the President or to the Secretary.  Any such resignation shall take effect upon receipt of such notice or at any later time specified therein, and, unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.
Section 6.
 
Resignations
.
  Any vacancy in any office for any cause may be filled for the unexpired portion of the term in the manner prescribed in these By-Laws for election or appointment to such office for such term.
Section 7.
 
Vacancies
.
  The Chairman, who shall be chosen from among the directors, shall have general supervision of the affairs of the Corporation, subject to the control of the Board of Directors.  He shall be an ex officio member of all standing committees.  The Chairman shall preside at all meetings of the shareholders and at all meetings of the Board of Directors.  Subject to the control and direction of the Board of Directors, the Chairman may enter into any contract or execute and deliver any instrument in the name and on behalf of the Corporation.  In general, he shall perform all duties and have all powers as, from time to time may be herein defined, and all such other duties and powers as from time to time may be assigned to him by the Board of Directors.
Section 8.
 
Chairman
.
  The President shall be responsible to the Chairman in the performance of his duties, and shall, in the absence or disability of the Chairman, perform the duties and exercise the power of the Chairman.  The President shall perform such duties and have such powers as the Board of Directors may from time to time assign.
Section 9.
 
President
.
  The other Vice Presidents in the order of their seniority, unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors, shall, in the absence or disability of the President, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the President.  They shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Chairman and President and the Board of Directors may from time to time assign.
Section 10.
 
Vice Presidents
.
  The Treasurer shall have charge and custody of, and be responsible for, all funds and securities of the Corporation and shall deposit all such funds and securities of the Corporation in such banks or other depositories as shall be selected by the Board of Directors.  He shall, upon request, exhibit at all reasonable times, his books of account and records to any of the directors of the Corporation where such books and records shall be kept; shall render upon request by the Board of Directors, a statement of the condition of the finances of the Corporation at any time requested by the Board of Directors or at the annual meeting of shareholders; shall receive, and give receipt for moneys due and payable to the Corporation from any source whatsoever; and in general, shall perform all duties incident to the office of Treasurer and such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him by the Chairman, the President or the Board of Directors.
Section 11.
 
Treasurer
.
  The Secretary shall keep or cause to be kept in the books provided for that purpose, the minutes of the meetings of the Shareholders and of the Board of Directors; shall duly give and serve all notices required to be given in accordance with the provisions of these By-Laws and by The Indiana Business Corporation Law; shall be custodian of the records and of the seal of the Corporation and see that the seal is affixed to all documents, the executing of which on behalf of the Corporation under its seal is duly authorized in accordance with the provisions of these By-Laws; and, in general, shall perform all duties incident to the office of Secretary and such other duties as may, from time to time, be assigned to him by the Chairman, the President or the Board of Directors.
Section 12.
 
Secretary
.
  The salaries of the principal officers shall be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors and the salaries of any subordinate officers may be fixed by the President.
Section 13.
 
Salaries
.
  The Chairman and the President and each are authorized and empowered for and on behalf of the Corporation and in its name, singly and without the joinder of any other officer, to execute and deliver any and all contracts, leases, notes, mortgages, receipts, deeds, commitments, power of attorney, authorizations and any and all documents in addition to, but not limited to the ones therefore described which said offices, or any of them believe to be necessary and advisable in carrying on the business of the Corporation.  The Treasurer and the Secretary of the Corporation are hereby authorized to execute and deliver any and all documents which relate to the routine discharge of the responsibilities of each of said offices and such other documents as either the Chairman or the President shall specifically authorize said officers to execute or deliver only such documents, or general types of classes of documents, with respect to which they have received specific authorization from either the Chairman, the President or the Board of Directors.
Section 14.
 
General Powers of Officers
.
  Unless otherwise ordered by the Board of Directors, the Chairman, President and Secretary and each of them, are appointed attorneys and agents of the Corporation, and shall have full power and authority in the securities entitled to be voted at any meetings of security holders of corporations, or associations in which the Corporation may hold securities, in person, or by proxy, as a stockholder or otherwise and at such meetings shall possess and may exercise any and all rights and powers incident to the ownership of such securities, and which as the owner thereof of the Corporation might have possessed and exercised, if present, or to consent in writing to any action by and such other corporation or association.  The Board of Directors by resolution from time to time may confer like powers upon any other person or persons.
Section 15.
 
Voting Corporations Securities
.
Section 1
.
  
Rights to Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses
.
 
      
 
Section 2
.
 
Other Rights Not Affected
.
  Nothing contained in this Article shall limit or preclude the exercise or be deemed exclusive of any right under the law, by contract or otherwise, relating to indemnification of or advancement of expenses to any individual who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or the ability of the Corporation to otherwise indemnify or advance expenses to any such individual.  It is the intent of this Article to provide indemnification to directors and officers to the fullest extent now or hereafter permitted by law consistent with the terms and conditions of this Article.  Therefore, indemnification shall be provided in accordance with this Article irrespective of the nature of the legal or equitable theory upon which a claim is made, including without limitation negligence, breach of duty, mismanagement, corporate waste, breach of contract, breach of warranty, strict liability, violation of federal or state securities laws, violation of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or violation of any other state or federal laws.
Section 3.
  
Definitions
.
  For purposes of this Article:
The term director means an individual who is or was a member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation or an individual who, while a director of the Corporation, is or was serving at the Corporations request as a director, officer, partner, member, manager, trustee, employee, or agent of another foreign or domestic corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan, or other enterprise, whether for profit or not.  A director is considered to be serving an employee benefit plan at the Corporations request if the directors duties to the Corporation also impose duties on, or otherwise involve services by, the director to the plan or to participants in or beneficiaries of the plan.  The term director includes, unless the context requires otherwise, the estate or personal representative of a director.
The term expenses includes all direct and indirect costs (including without limitation counsel fees, retainers, court costs, transcripts, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, all other disbursements or out-of-pocket expenses) actually incurred in connection with the investigation, defense, settlement or appeal of a proceeding or establishing or enforcing a right to indemnification under this Article, applicable law or otherwise.
The term liability means the obligation to pay a judgment, settlement, penalty, fine, excise tax (including an excise tax assessed with respect to an employee benefit plan), or reasonable expenses incurred with respect to a proceeding.
 
 
 
 
The power to make, alter, amend or repeal these By-Laws is invested in the Board of Directors, but the affirmative vote of a majority of the actual number of directors elected and qualified, from time to time, shall be necessary to effect any alteration, amendment or repeal of the By-Laws.

EXHIBIT 99.1
 
January 31, 2008
Mr. Sardar Biglari
Dr. Philip L. Cooley
c/o The Lion Fund, LP
9311 San Pedro Avenue
Suite 1440
San Antonio, TX  78216
Gentlemen:
On behalf of the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee and the Board of Directors (the Board) of The Steak n Shake Company (the Company), I would like to extend an offer to each of you to be added to managements slate of nominees for election as directors at the annual meeting of shareholders in early March 2008 in Indianapolis.
Should you accept our offer, the Board has agreed to increase the size of the Board from nine to eleven members on the date of the annual meeting, subject to your agreement in writing to accept nomination.  This offer will give you the minority Board representation you have indicated you are seeking without the expense and distraction of a proxy contest and without a standstill agreement on your part.
The Board appreciates the significant stock investment that you and your related entities have made in the Company over the recent months.  The Board has also reviewed the letters you have made public and, as we reported in our recent conference call, many of the steps you favor are already being implemented.  If you accept our offer, you will be able to participate in executing these strategies as members of the Board.
 
We also believe that a proxy contest would benefit neither you nor the Company and would damage the Company at a critical time.  The adverse effects of your proxy contest on the Company, in addition to unnecessary expense, include:
 
 
 
We also want to inform you the Board recently amended the Companys By-laws in several respects.  We have filed a current report on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission today, Thursday, January 31, 2008, and as a courtesy to you, we have enclosed a copy of that Form 8-K.
We believe that your acceptance of our offer will enable us to work together for the future success of the Company.  Given the need for the Company to finalize its proxy materials to permit a mailing early next month, we need to receive your responses as soon as possible.  To that end, please send your response to the Secretary of the Company, David Milne, at 317.656.4533 or .  If we have not received your response by noon EDT on Monday, February 4, 2008, we will conclude that you have rejected our offer.
dave.milne@steaknshake.com
Mr. Milne will also send to your counsel by fax or electronic transmission the Directors and Officers Questionnaire that each other nominee for election to the Board has completed.  It will provide us with information the Company needs concerning you to comply with SEC rules.  If you intend to accept our offer, that questionnaire will need to be completed, signed and returned very quickly.
Thank you in advance for your attention to this matter.  We look forward to working collaboratively with you in the future.
 
Yours very truly,
 
        
   
   
   
   
   
  
 
   
/s/
John W. Ryan            
John W. Ryan, Chairman
Nominating/Governance Committee


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20080205161829.txt.gz
TIME:20080205161829
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[   ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[X] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[   ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[   ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
Item 8.01.  Other Events.
Concurrently with the filing of this report, the Chairman of the Company's Special Committee is sending a letter to Sardar Biglari and Philip L. Cooley
reiterating its offer to include those persons as nominees for election as directors at the 2008 annual meeting of shareholders and explaining the basis for the By-law change.
The above description of the letter is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the letter, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and the information contained therein is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01.  Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
 
THIS COMMUNICATION IS NOT A SOLICITATION OF A PROXY WHICH MAY BE DONE ONLY PURSUANT TO A DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT.  SHAREHOLDERS ARE ADVISED TO READ THE PROXY STATEMENT AND OTHER DOCUMENTS RELATED TO THE SOLICITATION OF PROXIES BY THE MANAGEMENT OF THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY (THE COMPANY) FROM THE SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY, FOR USE AT THE 2008 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION.  WHEN COMPLETED, A DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT AND A FORM OF PROXY WILL BE MAILED TO SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY AND WILL BE AVAILABLE AT NO CHARGE AT THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONS WEB SITE AT HTTP://WWW.SEC.GOV AND FROM THE COMPANYS WEB SITE AT WWW.STEAKNSHAKE.COM.
THE COMPANY AND ITS DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND OTHER MEMBERS OF MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES MAY BE DEEMED TO PARTICIPATE IN THE SOLICITATION OF PROXIES IN RESPECT OF THE COMPANYS ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS.  INFORMATION REGARDING THE COMPANYS DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS IS AVAILABLE IN THE COMPANYS ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 26, 2007, FILED WITH THE SEC ON DECEMBER 10, 2007, AND AMENDED ON JANUARY 24, 2008.  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING THE INTERESTS OF SUCH POTENTIAL PARTICIPANTS WILL BE INCLUDED IN THE PROXY STATEMENT AND OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED WITH, OR FURNISHED TO, THE SEC WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE.
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
   
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
By:
/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
Jeffrey A. Blade,
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial & Administrative Officer
 
Dated: February 5, 2008

EXHIBIT 99.1
 
February 5, 2008
Mr. Sardar Biglari
Dr. Philip L. Cooley
c/o The Lion Fund, LP
9311 San Pedro Avenue
Suite 1440
San Antonio, TX  78216
Gentlemen:
The Board of Directors of The Steak n Shake Company received your letter of February 4, 2008 and has asked me to respond on its behalf.
In the letter you indicated that you would only conditionally accept our invitation to join our Board of Directors.  Your condition demanded that the Board repeal the recent amendment to the Companys By-laws that increased the number of shares needed to call special meetings of shareholders from 25% to 80%.
Our willingness to add the two of you to our slate is consistent with our ongoing efforts to improve the effectiveness of the Board by adding talent, such as Steven Schmidt, Ed Wilhelm and Geoff Ballotti, all of whom have been added to the Board in recent years.  At the same time, the Board believes it needs the institutional memory and experience of its other members who have built the Steak n Shake brand through decades of effort.  The Board believes this is not the time to make the wholesale turnover of the Board or subject the Company to the expense and distraction of the special meeting you propose.
As you know, the Company is facing several significant challenges.  Some of these are being faced by the casual dining segment and the entire restaurant industry.  Others are specific to the Company, including the need to improve operating results, locate the best candidate to act as our permanent Chief Executive Officer and oversee the activities of the Special Committee of the Board charged with evaluating strategic opportunities.
As we have announced numerous times, after the former Chief Executive Officers departure the Board moved decisively to focus on operational excellence, a return to the focus on core products, reduction of corporate office initiatives and G&A expense reductions.  The Board believes that your short-slate contest would disrupt and interfere with the Companys focus on these vital initiatives and its ability to successfully address the challenges the Company faces.
This concern also explains the reasons for the By-law change.  You are threatening to replace a majority of the Board with as yet unidentified candidates of your own choosing by calling a special meeting immediately after the annual meeting.  The Boards ability to hire a permanent Chief Executive Officer and take other steps necessary for the Companys future will be suspended and associate morale will be impaired as uncertainty continues over the composition of the Board.  Moreover, any minority shareholder who could change the Boards composition would effectively obtain control of the Company without the payment of any control premium to shareholders.
The By-law change provides assurance that, if the Company is going to be subjected to the disruption of an additional contest before the 2009 annual meeting, it will require a clear consensusa super majorityof the shareholders to make that request.  In the absence of that consensus, the By-law change gives the Company a reasonable period of time to focus on operational issues in the critical months ahead.
In addition, we are very much aware of our fiduciary duties.  Contrary to your assertion, the By-law amendment does not provide immunity for the Board.  As you have shown by nominating yourselves, you and any other shareholders have the unfettered right to choose directors at any annual meeting.
We must act in the best interest of all shareholders, not just a vocal minority with its own agenda.  We hope you agree and that you will reconsider your decision not to join the Boards slate and instead work collaboratively to improve the company in the coming year.  Our time to file proxy materials for the upcoming annual meeting is quickly expiring so we need your response by noon on Wednesday, February 6, 2008.
Yours very truly,
        
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
/s/ James Williamson, Jr.
James Williamson, Jr.
On Behalf of the Special Committee


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20080214140334.txt.gz
TIME:20080214140334
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[   ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[X] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[   ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[   ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
Item 8.01.  Other Events.
Concurrently with the filing of this report, the Company is sending a letter to the shareholders to advise them to await the Company's proxy soliciting materials.
The above description of the letter is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the letter, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and the information contained therein is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01.  Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
 
THIS COMMUNICATION IS NOT A SOLICITATION OF A PROXY WHICH MAY BE DONE ONLY PURSUANT TO A DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT.  SHAREHOLDERS ARE ADVISED TO READ THE PROXY STATEMENT AND OTHER DOCUMENTS RELATED TO THE SOLICITATION OF PROXIES BY THE MANAGEMENT OF THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY (THE COMPANY) FROM THE SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY, FOR USE AT THE 2008 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION.  WHEN COMPLETED, A DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT AND A FORM OF PROXY WILL BE MAILED TO SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY AND WILL BE AVAILABLE AT NO CHARGE AT THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONS WEB SITE AT HTTP://WWW.SEC.GOV AND FROM THE COMPANYS WEB SITE AT WWW.STEAKNSHAKE.COM.
THE COMPANY AND ITS DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND OTHER MEMBERS OF MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES MAY BE DEEMED TO PARTICIPATE IN THE SOLICITATION OF PROXIES IN RESPECT OF THE COMPANYS ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS.  INFORMATION REGARDING THE COMPANYS DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS IS AVAILABLE IN THE COMPANYS ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 26, 2007, FILED WITH THE SEC ON DECEMBER 10, 2007, AND AMENDED ON JANUARY 24, 2008.  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING THE INTERESTS OF SUCH POTENTIAL PARTICIPANTS WILL BE INCLUDED IN THE PROXY STATEMENT AND OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED WITH, OR FURNISHED TO, THE SEC WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE.
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
   
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
By:
/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
Jeffrey A. Blade,
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial & Administrative Officer
 
Dated: February 14, 2008

EXHIBIT 99.1
February 14, 2008
Dear Fellow Shareholder:
 I am pleased to let you know that our annual meeting of shareholders will be held on March 7, 2008.  Our proxy material, including a proxy card, will be mailed to you shortly.
   
WHITE
 It is important for you to know that a group of dissident shareholders, calling themselves The Lion Fund or The Committee to Enhance Steak n Shake, is trying to place two of its nominees on your Board of Directors.  This group, which is led by a hedge fund manager named Sardar Biglari, has just launched what we believe will be a disruptive and costly proxy contest.  We believe that Mr. Biglaris effort is a poorly disguised effort to gain control of the Steak n Shake Company without paying any premium to you, their fellow shareholders.  In short, Mr. Biglari is, in our opinion, trying to take over your company without paying you anything in exchange.
   
 I am writing to you now to urge you to disregard any gold proxy that you may receive from the Lion Fund, Mr. Biglari and his associates.  In the coming days, we will be sending you our proxy materials and a proxy card that you can use to vote in support of your current Board and the initiatives it is currently pursuing.
   
WHITE
 Your Board and Management Team are implementing initiatives which we believe will result in enhanced value for Steak n Shake shareholders.  We regret that Mr. Biglari has chosen this crucial stage in the Companys evolution to launch what we believe is effectively a hostile takeover attempt.  However, with your support, we believe that we can defend against Mr. Biglaris attempts and continue with our efforts to maximize the value of your investment.
   
ALL
 In August 2007, the Board appointed a Special Committee, which thereafter engaged Merrill Lynchexploring strategic opportunities for the Company to maximize long-term shareholder value.  That work is ongoing, and the Board has also instituted a search for a new Chief Executive Officer.
   
& Co.
as its financial advisor.  The Board charged the Special Committee
 
with the task of
 In conjunction with the Special Committees work we began to implement several critical initiatives designed to improve store-level execution and increase guest traffic and ultimately maximize the value of your investment in Steak n Shake.  This work focused on simplifying all business initiatives, including a combination of strategic marketing programs, select new product development, menu simplification and process changes.  The initiatives include:
   
 In our opinion, the attractiveness of the Steak n Shake brand and business will increase as we implement these changes and improve performance  this leads to our firm conviction that
   
this is not the time to hand over control to a group of hedge fund investors with a very short-term investing horizon.
Mr. Biglari began investing in our company less than one year ago.  He and his fellow nominee, Philip Cooley, have absolutely experience in running a company in our segment of the restaurant industry.  While they are on the Board of Western Sizzlin, that is a franchise business in which the company does not operate any of its own restaurants.  In our opinion, Mr. Biglari believes that he and his associate are more capable of running our company than our current Board and Management Team, which has a sound foundation in restaurant operations and which is focused on improving operations to increase shareholder value.
NO
 In his initial proxy filing, Mr. Biglari announced that he would only be seeking two seats on our Board.  However, he later announced his intention to call a special meeting of shareholders following our annual meeting where he would seek the replacement of your entire Board and replace them with his own hand-picked nominees.  
   
To us, this looks like a duplicitous attempt to gain control of the Company without paying any control premium to Steak n Shake shareholders.
 Despite your Boards belief that Mr. Biglari does not have the experience or expertise needed to run a business like ours, to avoid the cost and distraction of a proxy fight we offered him two seats on the Board.  In conjunction with this offer was a commitment to work collaboratively with him and Dr. Cooley.  We were disappointed that Mr. Biglari rejected our offer and has decided to continue what appear to be preliminary efforts to gain control of our entire Board.
   
 Despite the disruption caused by Mr. Biglaris self-serving proxy contest, your Board continues to implement the foregoing initiatives and other efforts to maximize value for shareholders.  What we find most puzzling is the fact that many of Mr. Biglaris suggestions have already been implemented or are underway.  We are therefore unable to explain why Mr. Biglari would launch a contest for Board control when we are already implementing many of the initiatives he favors.  
   
ALL
We can only reiterate our belief that Mr. Biglari is trying to wrest control of the Company without paying any premium to Steak n Shake shareholders.
 We understand that many of our fellow shareholders are displeased with the recent decrease in the value of their investment.  As fellow shareholders, your Board and management team share your displeasure and have experienced similar returns on their holdings.  However, we are aggressively working to maximize shareholder value and believe that Mr. Biglari and his associates will do nothing but hinder our attempts.  We hope that you will agree with us and urge you to vote the proxy card when you receive it.
   
WHITE
 If you have any questions about our campaign we encourage you to call our proxy advisers, MacKenzie Partners, Inc., Toll-Free at (800) 322-2885 or (212) 929-5500 or by email at proxy@mackenziepartners.com.
   
 Your Board and Management Team look forward to speaking with many of you in the near future to discuss our plans to increase shareholder value.  We would also like to take this opportunity to thank you in advance for your continuing support.
   
 
 
Sincerely,
The Board of Directors of
The Steak n Shake Company


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20080221164615.txt.gz
TIME:20080221164615
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[   ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[X] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[   ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[   ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
Item 8.01.  Other Events.
On February 21, 2008, The Steak n Shake Company (the "Company") issued a Press Release in regards to Special Committee of the Board of Directors and the Promotional . The Company's earnings release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of this report.
Item 9.01.  Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
   
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
By:
/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
Jeffrey A. Blade,
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial & Administrative Officer
 
Dated: February 21, 2008

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 
 
 
 
INDIANAPOLIS, IN  February 21, 2008  The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE: SNS - News) today provided an update on the activities of the Special Committee of independent directors which was formed to advise the Board with respect to developing the strategic plan and examining potential business opportunities for the Company as part of a plan seeking to maximize shareholder value.
The Committee analyzed the potential outcome of various alternative future scenarios and has determined that, at this time, the best opportunity for the Company is to focus on its strategic plan of pursuing an operational turnaround and improving unit economics.
As part of the process, the Committee analyzed whether shareholder value could be enhanced through a sale of the Company. None of the offers received to date as part of this process reflect what the Committee or Board believes is the full underlying value of the Company.  The Committee believes that this process is being adversely affected by unfavorable trends in the casual dining segment of the restaurant industry, the Companys recent disappointing operating performance and volatility in the financial markets.  The Committee continues to receive inquiries from interested parties.  There can be no assurance that these inquiries will result in an offer that the Committee and Board could recommend to shareholders.
We remain confident in the long-term future of Steak n Shake as we focus our attention on continuing our turnaround plan and hiring a permanent Chief Executive Officer, said Alan Gilman, Interim President and Chief Executive Officer. We are cautiously optimistic about the early results from our initiatives designed to drive same store sales improvement.  In particular, we are seeing positive traction from our STEAKBURGERpromotion which has been running since the beginning of February, featuring one of our best-selling sandwiches at a compelling price point, designed to communicate a value message and drive incremental guest traffic.  We continue to intensify our efforts on improving store level execution.  While this process takes time, it is especially important in the current environment and is fundamental to driving consistent visits from our loyal customers and to the long-term success of Steak n Shake.
 
About Steak n Shake
Steak n Shake is a full service, casual dining restaurant serving a core menu of its famous STEAKBURGER sandwiches, thin n crispy french fries, old fashioned hand-dipped milk shakes, chili, home style soups, fresh salads, a variety of desserts and breakfast.  All of the food is prepared to the guests order and served by friendly, well-trained associates.  Steak n Shake restaurants feature full-service dining areas, counter service and drive-thru windows and are open 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
 
Risks Associated with Forward-Looking Statements
 
 
This press release contains forward-looking statements regarding possible transactions by the Company. The Company cautions its stockholders and others considering trading in its securities that there can be no assurance that any transaction will be approved or completed. Actual events may differ materially from the statements included in this press release. The Company does not intend to update publicly any forward-looking statements, except as required by law.
 
Certain statements contained in this press release represent forward- looking statements. In general, forward-looking statements include estimates of future revenues, cash flows, capital expenditures, or other financial items, and assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements reflect management's current expectations regarding future events and use words such as "anticipate", "believe", "expect", "may", "will", and other similar terminology. These statements speak only as of the date they were made and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. Several factors, many beyond our control, could cause actual results to differ significantly from our expectations, such as the following: the effectiveness of our planned expansion; the poor performance or closing of even a small number of restaurants; our ability to attract and retain guests; changes in guest preferences, tastes and dietary habits; minimum wage rates; the availability and cost of qualified personnel; fluctuations in food commodity prices and the availability of food commodities; harsh weather conditions; unfavorable publicity relating to food safety or food borne illness; our ability to comply with existing and future governmental regulations; our ability to adequately protect our trademarks, service marks, and other components of our brand; and the other risks identified in the periodic reports we file with the SEC. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that are currently deemed immaterial may also become important factors that may harm our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements except as required in our periodic reports.
 
Contact:                      Jeffrey A. Blade
Senior Vice President & CFO
Finance and Investor Relations
www.steaknshake.com
(317)-633-4100
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20080317145948.txt.gz
TIME:20080317145948
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[   ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[   ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[   ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[   ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Item 5.02.  Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
 
   
 
 Following the annual meeting of shareholders of The Steak n Shake Company (the "Company"), the Company announced several changes in its management structure.
   
 
 On March 12, 2008, the Company's Board of Directors elected Wayne Kelley Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board.  Mr. Kelley will receive an annual base salary of $200,000 and is ineligible for bonus and equity compensation.  He will also receive reimbursement for up to $15,000 of living expenses covering a period of six months.
   
 
 
   
The Board of Directors also appointed Jeffrey Blade, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Administrative Officer, to the additional position of Interim President.  Mr. Blade's annual salary was increased to $350,000.  In addition to the severance compensation he is entitled to receive under the terms of a pre-existing agreement, he will also receive a lump sum payment of $150,000 on the earliest of the following occurrences:
 
   
 
 Alan Gilman, former Chairman of the Board, Interim President and Chief Executive Officer, was not reelected to the Board of Directors, and his employment with the Company was terminated effective March 12, 2008.  Mr. Gilman will receive a severance payment equal to nine months of pay at an annual base salary of $500,000 in accordance with a pre-existing agreement.
   
 
  
 There have been no transactions and there are no currently proposed transactions in which the Company was or is to be a participant and in which Mr. Kelley had or will have a direct or indirect material interest that requires disclosure pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.  There is no plan, contract or arrangement to which Mr. Kelley is a party or in which he participates that was or will be entered into, or any material amendment to such a plan, contract or arrangement, in connection with Mr. Kelley's appointment as Interim Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
   
 
 A copy of the Company's press release announcing the above referenced management changes is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1, and the information contained therein is incorporated herein by reference as part of this item.
   
Item 7.01.  Regulation FD Disclosure.
 
 
   
As previously disclosed, in July 2007, the Board of Directors appointed the Special Committee of independent directors to evaluate opportunities by which the Company
could maximize shareholder value. 
  
In October 2007, the Special Committee instituted a process to determine if shareholder value could be enhanced through a sale of the Company.  Twenty parties executed confidentiality agreements with the Company and a number of these parties conducted various levels of due diligence investigations of the Company.  However, none of the offers received in the process reflected what the committee or Board believed was the full underlying value of the Company.
 
 Effective March 12, 2008, the Company's Board of Directors disbanded the Special Committee.  The Company continues to focus
   
on its turnaround plan and hiring a permanent Chief Executive Officer.  The Company will, however, continue to evaluate opportunities to enhance shareholder value, including a potential sale of the Company.
 
 
Item 9.01.  Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
   
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
By:
/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
Jeffrey A. Blade,
Interim President, Chief Financial & Administrative Officer
 
Dated: March 17, 2008

EXHIBIT 99.1
 
 
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY ANNOUNCES MANAGEMENT CHANGES
 
INDIANAPOLIS, March 13 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE: SNS) announced today that it has made several changes in its Management structure. Wayne L. Kelley has been appointed Interim Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, replacing Alan Gilman, who was not reelected as a director at the recent annual meeting of shareholders. The Company also announced that Jeffrey A. Blade, the Company's Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Administrative Officer, has been appointed to the additional position of Interim President. These changes are effective immediately.
 
"Jeff has a deep understanding of the business and complete support of the Board and management team. We believe that under his leadership the Company will solidify its turnaround and enhance shareholder value," said Mr. Kelley. "The Board also greatly appreciates the significant contributions Alan Gilman made to this Company. During Alan's 16 years with the Company, he has overseen strong growth, including increasing the number of Steak n Shake restaurants from 120 to the current level of 503, and increasing revenue from $127 million to $654 million. He was a good friend and teacher and highly devoted to Steak n Shake."
 
As previously announced, the Company is continuing its search for a permanent Chief Executive Officer.
 
"We have a strong Board and strong Management team," continued Mr. Kelley. "We look forward to the challenges ahead and believe that we will successfully face them."
 
About Steak n Shake
Steak n Shake is a full-service, casual dining restaurant serving a core menu of its famous STEAKBURGER sandwiches, thin 'n crispy french fries, old fashioned hand-dipped milk shakes, chili, home style soups, fresh salads, a variety of desserts and breakfast. All of the food is prepared to the guest's order and served by friendly, well-trained associates. Steak n Shake restaurants feature full-service dining areas, counter service and drive-thru windows and most are open 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
(TM)
Risks Associated with Forward-Looking Statements
 
Certain statements contained in this press release represent forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In general, forward-looking statements include estimates of future revenues, cash flows, capital expenditures or other financial items, as well as assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements reflect managements current expectations regarding future events and use words such as anticipate, believe, expect, may and other similar terminology. A forward-looking statement is neither a prediction nor a guarantee of future events or circumstances, and those future events or circumstances may not occur. Investors should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. These forward-looking statements are based on currently available operating, financial and competitive information and are subject to various risks and uncertainties.
    Further, the Special Committees evaluation of strategic alternatives may not result in a change in business strategy or an increase in shareholder value. 
Our actual future results and trends may differ materially depending on a variety of factors, many beyond our control, including, but not limited to:
the poor performance or closing of even a small number of restaurants; our ability to attract and retain guests; the ability of our franchisees to operate profitable restaurants; changes in guest preferences, tastes and dietary habits; minimum wage rates; the availability and cost of qualified personnel; fluctuations in food commodity prices and the availability of food commodities; harsh weather conditions; unfavorable publicity relating to food safety or food borne illness; our ability to comply with the restrictions and covenants
to our debt agreements;
our ability to comply with existing and future governmental regulations; our ability to adequately protect our trademarks, service marks and other components of our brand; and other risks identified in the periodic reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that are currently deemed immaterial may also become important factors that may harm our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements except as required in our periodic reports, and we do not intend to comment on the status of the Special Committees evaluation of strategic alternatives unless and until there is a material development to report. 
Contact:
Brad Cohen
Brad.cohen@icrinc.com
(646) 277-1221


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20080509171147.txt.gz
TIME:20080509171147
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[   ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[   ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[   ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[   ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Item 5.02.  Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
 
 On May 5, 2008,
   
Gary Reinwald, Executive Vice President, Development, notified The Steak n Shake Company (the "Company") that he is resigning effective June 1, 2008.
 
   
 Mr. Reinwald will receive the Company's standard severance package for a person at his level; Pursuant to the 1997 Capital Appreciation Plan, Gary will receive a
   
a copy of the first amendment to the agreement setting forth the terms is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1, and the information contained therein is incorporated herein by reference as part of this item. The original agreement was filed with the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 26, 2007.
pro rata
amount of unvested restricted stock, the amount of which will reflect the months he worked during the vesting period divided by the 36-month vesting period.
 
  
 
 
Item 9.01.  Financial Statements and Exhibits.
SIGNATURES
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
   
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
By:
/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
Jeffrey A. Blade,
Interim President, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Administrative Officer
 
Dated: May 9, 2008
 

EXHIBIT 10.1
 
 
This First Amendment (the Amendment) to that certain Change in Control Benefits Agreement entered into by the parties on November 7, 2007, by and between The Steak N Shake Company, an Indiana corporation (hereinafter referred to as the Company), and ________________ (hereinafter referred to as Executive) (the Agreement) is hereby made this 22nd day of April, 2008 on the following terms and conditions:
 
 WHEREAS, the Company believes that Executive has made and will continue to make valuable contributions to the productivity and profitability of the Company; and
   
 
 WHEREAS, the Company desires to encourage Executive to continue to make valuable contributions, not to seek or accept employment elsewhere, and be an integral part of the Companys future; and
   
 
 WHEREAS, the Company, desires to assure Executive of certain benefits should his/her employment be terminated for any reason except cause, death, disability or his/her voluntary decision to leave the Company;
   
 
   
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the mutual covenants herein contained and the mutual benefits herein provided, the Company and Executive hereby agree as follows:
   
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered as of the day and year first above set forth.
   
   
   
   
  


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20080514161552.txt.gz
TIME:20080514161552
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Item 2.02  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION
   
 
 On May 14, 2008, The Steak n Shake Company (the "Company") issued a Press Release announcing its fiscal year 2008 second quarter results. The Company's earnings release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of this report.
   
 
 The Company is furnishing the information contained in this report, including the Exhibit, pursuant to Item 2.02 of Form 8-K promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). This information shall not be deemed to be "filed" with the SEC or incorporated by reference into any other filing with the SEC. By filing this report on Form 8-K and furnishing this information, the Registrant makes no admission as to the materiality of any information in this report, including the Exhibits.
   
 
Item 9.01  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS
   
 
(d) Exhibits
 
99.1 Press Release, dated May 14, 2008, issued by the Company
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
   
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
By:
/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
Jeffrey A. Blade,
Interim President, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial & Administrative Officer
 
Dated: May 14, 2008

EXHIBIT 99.1
 
 
INDIANAPOLIS, May 14, 2008 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE: SNS) today announced its results for the fiscal 2008 second quarter ended April 9, 2008.
Selected results from the fiscal second quarter 2008:
Fiscal Second Quarter 2008 Results
Total revenues for the fiscal 2008 second quarter decreased 5.8% to $190.5 million compared to $202.2 million in the comparable period last year. During the second quarter, same store sales declined by 6.3% versus a decline of 9.5% in the first quarter.  Sales for the quarter were impacted by ongoing deterioration in the consumer economic environment and increased promotional activity throughout the restaurant sector.  These challenges were partially offset by the successful execution of a $2.99 Double Steakburger& fries limited-time offer during the month of February.
TM
Net (loss) for the fiscal 2008 second quarter was ($2.8 million), or ($0.10) per diluted share, compared to net earnings of $6.0 million, or $0.21 per diluted share in the prior year. Second quarter results included approximately $1.0 million of incremental non-operating pre-tax charges related to advisory, proxy, and other professional service fees, and severance.  Restaurant operating margins were negatively impacted by the decline in sales, more aggressive discounting, and increases in commodity costs, minimum wage, and health care costs compared with the prior year period.  During the fiscal second quarter of 2008, the Company reduced general & administrative expenses by $3.2 million or 18.1% and remains on track to deliver fiscal 2008 full year reductions of at least $8.1 million.  In addition, cash generated by operating activities was $13.9 million.
Wayne L. Kelley, Interim Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, commented, The fiscal 2008 second quarter continued to be challenging for the Steak n Shake Company.  We were, however, encouraged by the response to the $2.99 Double Steakburger& fries promotion which resulted in an improved same store sales rate.
TM
Mr. Kelley continued, During the second quarter, we examined our financial plans, staffing needs, marketing, and product development opportunities. As a result of our analysis, we evolved our operating plan to intensify our focus on the initiatives that we believe are the most critical to improving our performance in the current challenging operating environment while strengthening the future potential of the Steak n Shake brand. Our refined plan emphasizes the following initiatives:
 
While we expect the operating environment to remain difficult, we remain committed to reversing the negative same store sales trends while positioning the brand for long-term growth.
As of April 9, 2008, there were 502 Steak n Shake restaurants operating in 21 states, including 436 Company-owned restaurants and 66 franchised units.
Investor Conference Call and Webcast
The Steak n Shake Company will broadcast its investor conference call live over the Internet at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time today. Hosting the call will be Wayne L. Kelley, Interim Chairman and CEO and Jeffrey A. Blade, Interim President, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial & Administrative Officer.
Interested investors and other parties may listen to a simultaneous webcast of the conference call by logging onto the Company's website at http://www.steaknshake.com. The on-line replay will be available for a limited time immediately following the call.
The call can also be accessed live over the phone by dialing (888) 708-5695, or for international callers, (913) 312-1523. A replay will be available shortly after the call and can be accessed by dialing (888) 203- 1112, or for international callers, (719) 457-0820. The passcode for the replay is 4757170. The replay will be available until May 21, 2008.
About Steak n Shake
Steak n Shake is a full-service, casual dining restaurant serving a core menu of its famous STEAKBURGER sandwiches, thin 'n crispy french fries, old fashioned hand-dipped milk shakes, chili, home style soups, fresh salads, a variety of desserts and breakfast. All of the food is prepared to the guest's order and served by friendly, well-trained associates. Steak n Shake restaurants feature full-service dining areas, counter service and drive-thru windows and most are open 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
TM
Risks Associated with Forward-Looking Statements
    our ability to renegotiate our debt agreements and refinance our current debt at similar rates;  
Certain statements contained in this press release represent forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In general, forward-looking statements include estimates of future revenues, cash flows, capital expenditures or other financial items, as well as assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements reflect managements current expectations regarding future events and use words such as anticipate, believe, expect, may and other similar terminology. A forward-looking statement is neither a prediction nor a guarantee of future events or circumstances, and those future events or circumstances may not occur. Investors should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. These forward-looking statements are based on currently available operating, financial and competitive information and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Our actual future results and trends may differ materially depending on a variety of factors, many beyond our control, including, but not limited to:
the poor performance or closing of even a small number of restaurants; our ability to attract and retain guests; the ability of our franchisees to operate profitable restaurants; changes in guest preferences, tastes and dietary habits; minimum wage rates; the availability and cost of qualified personnel; fluctuations in food commodity prices and the availability of food commodities; harsh weather conditions; unfavorable publicity relating to food safety or food borne illness; our ability to comply with the restrictions and covenants
to our debt agreements;
our ability to comply with existing and future governmental regulations; our ability to adequately protect our trademarks, service marks and other components of our brand; and other risks identified in the periodic reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that are currently deemed immaterial may also become important factors that may harm our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements except as required in our periodic reports. 
Contact:                Jeffrey A. Blade
Jeff.blade@steakns
hake.com
(317) 633-4100


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20080624165745.txt.gz
TIME:20080624165745
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[   ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[   ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[   ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[   ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Item 5.02.  Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
 
On June 19, 2008, the Board of Directors of The Steak n Shake Company (the Company) appointed Sardar Biglari as Executive Chairman of the Board, effective immediately.  Mr. Biglari succeeds Wayne L. Kelley, who had previously acted as Interim Chairman of the Board.  Mr. Kelley remains as Interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company and a member of the Board of Directors.
 
The Company issued a press release on June 19, 2008 announcing these changes.  The press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference as part of this item.
 
The Company has not entered into any material plans, contracts or compensatory arrangements with Mr. Biglari except that Mr. Biglari will receive an annual salary of $80,000. Concurrent with the assumption of his new position, Mr. Biglari ceases receiving a retainer or meeting fees normally paid to members of the Board of Directors.
 
 
Item 5.03.  Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or By-Laws; Change in Fiscal Year.
 
On June 19, 2008, the Board of Directors of the Company approved amendments to Articles V and VI of the Companys Restated By-Laws to reflect the appointment of a Chairman of the Board who does not also serve as Chief Executive Officer.
 
In addition, the Board of Directors amended Section 3, Article IV of the Restated By-Laws, reducing the percentage of outstanding shares needed to call a special meeting of shareholders from 80% to 25%.
 
The Restated By-Laws are attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1 and the information contained therein is incorporated herein by reference as part of this item.
 
 
Item 9.01.  Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
   
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
By:
/s/ Jeffrey A. Blade
Jeffrey A. Blade
Interim President, Chief Financial & Administrative Officer
 
Dated: June 24, 2008

EXHIBIT 3.1
 
  The name of the corporation is The Steak n Shake Company (Corporation).
Section 1.
 
Name
.
  The post-office address of the principal office of the Corporation is 500 Century Building, 36 South Pennsylvania Street, Indianapolis, Indiana 46204, and the name and post-office address of its Resident Agent in charge of such office is C T Corporation System, 36 South Pennsylvania Street, Suite 700, Indianapolis, Indiana 46204.
Section 2.
 
Principal Office and Resident Agent
.
  The seal of the Corporation shall be circular in form and mounted upon a metal die, suitable for impressing the same upon paper.  About the upper periphery of the seal shall appear the words The Steak n Shake Company and about the lower periphery thereof the word Indiana.  In the center of the seal shall appear the word Seal.
Section 3.
 
Seal
.
The fiscal year of the Corporation shall end on the last Wednesday in September of each calendar year.
 
  The total number of shares of common stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 50,000,000 shares, which shall consist of 50,000,000 common shares without par value.  In addition, the Corporation shall have the authority to issue 10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock on the terms and conditions set forth in the amendment to the Articles of Incorporation adopted May 16, 2001.
Section 1.
 
Number of Shares and Classes of Capital Stock
.
  The shares of stock of the Corporation without par value shall be issued or sold in such manner and for such amount of consideration as may be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors; such shares of stock shall be fully paid and nonassessable.
Section 2.
 
Consideration for No Par Shares
.
  Treasury shares may be disposed of by the Corporation for such consideration as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors.
Section 3.
 
Consideration for Treasury Shares
.
  The consideration for the issuance of shares of capital stock of the Corporation may be paid, in whole or in part, in money, in other property, tangible or intangible, or in labor actually performed for, or services actually rendered to the Corporation which is transferred to stated capital upon the issuance of shares as a share dividend shall be deemed to be the consideration for the issuance of such shares.   When payment of the consideration for which a share was authorized to be issued shall have been received by the Corporation, or when surplus shall have been transferred to stated capital upon the issuance of a share dividend, such share shall be declared and taken to be fully paid and not liable to any further call or assessment, and the holder thereof shall not be liable for any further payments thereon.  In the absence of actual fraud in the transaction, the judgment of the Board of Directors as to the value of such property, labor or services received as consideration, or the value placed by the Board of Directors upon the corporate assets in the event of a share dividend, shall be conclusive.  Promissory notes, uncertified checks, or future services shall not be accepted in payment or part payment of the capital stock of the Corporation, except as permitted by The Indiana Business Corporation Law.
Section 4.
 
Payment for Shares
.
  Shares of stock of each class of the Corporation may be issued in book-entry form or evidenced by certificates.  However, every holder of capital stock of the Corporation shall be entitled upon request to have a stock certificate evidencing the shares owned by the shareholder, signed by the Chairman of the Board or a Vice President and the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary of the Corporation, with the seal of the Corporation thereto affixed, certifying the number of shares owned by the shareholder in the Corporation.  Every certificate shall state on its face (or in the case of book-entry shares, the statements evidencing ownership of such shares shall state, the name of the Corporation) the name of the registered holder, the number of shares represented by such certificate (or book-entry statement), the par value of each share of stock or that such shares of stock are without par value, and that such shares are not fully paid and nonassessable.  If such shares are not fully paid, and as further payments are made, the certificate shall be stamped (or the book-entry statement updated) accordingly.
Section 5.
 
Certificates for Shares
.
If the Corporation is authorized to issue shares of more than one class, every certificate (or book-entry statement) shall state the kind and class of shares represented thereby, and the relative rights, interests, preferences and restrictions of such class, or a summary thereof, provided, that such statement may be omitted from the certificate if it shall be set forth upon the face or back of the certificate that such statement, in full, will be furnished by the Corporation to any shareholder upon written request and without charge.
  If a certificate is countersigned by the written signature of a transfer agent other than the Corporation or its employee, the signatures of the officers of the Corporation may be facsimiles.  If a certificate is countersigned by the written signature of a registrar other than the Corporation or its employee, the signatures of the transfer agent and the officer, transfer agent, or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent, or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent, or registrar at the date of its issue.
Section 6.
 
Facsimile Signatures
.
  The shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be transferable only on the books of the Corporation upon surrender of the certificate or certificates, if any, representing the same, properly endorsed by the registered holder or by his duly authorized attorney or accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignment or authority to transfer.
Section 7.
 
Transfer of Shares
.
  Every certificate surrendered to the Corporation for exchange or transfer shall be canceled, and no new certificate or certificates shall be issued in exchange for any existing certificate until such existing certificate shall have been so canceled, except in cases provided for in Section 10 of this Article III.
Section 8.
 
Cancellation
.
  The Board of Directors may appoint a transfer agent and a registrar for each class of capital stock of the Corporation and may require all certificates representing such shares to bear the signature of such transfer agent and registrar.  Shareholders shall be responsible for notifying the transfer agent and registrar for the class of stock held by such shareholder in writing of any changes in their addresses from time to time, and failure so to do shall relieve the Corporation, its shareholders, directors, officers, transfer agent and registrar of liability for failure to direct notices, dividends, or other documents or property to an address other than the one appearing upon the records of the transfer agent and registrar of the Corporation.
Section 9.
 
Transfer Agent and Registrar
.
  The Board of Directors may authorize the transfer agent and a registrar to issue replacement shares for Corporation stock alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost, stolen or destroyed.  When authorizing such issue of a new certificate or certificates, the Corporation may, in its discretion and as a condition of precedent to the issuance thereof, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate or certificates, or his legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond in such sum and in such form as it may direct to indemnify against any claim that may be made against the Corporation with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed or the issuance of such new certificate.  The Corporation, at its discretion, may authorize the issuance of such new certificates without any bond when in its judgment it is proper to do so.
Section 10.
 
Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates.
 The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of such shares to receive dividends, to vote as such owner, to hold liable for calls and assessments, and to treat as owner in all other respects, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claims to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Indiana.
Section 11.
 
Registered Shareholders
 
.
  The issuance, including the consideration of rights or options to officers or employees of the Corporation, and not to the shareholders generally, to purchase from the Corporation shares of its capital stock shall be approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote thereon or shall be authorized by and consistent with a plan approved by such a vote of the shareholders.  The price to be received for any shares having a par value, other than treasury shares to be issued upon the exercise of such rights or options shall not be less than the par value thereof.
Section 12.
 
Options to Officers and Employees
.
  Meetings of shareholders of the Corporation shall be held at such place, within or without the State of Indiana, as may from time to time be designated by the Board of Directors, or as may be specified in the notices or waivers of notice of such meetings.
Section 1.
 
Place of Meeting
.
  The annual meeting of shareholders for the election of directors, and for the transaction of such other business as may properly come before the meeting, shall be held on the second Wednesday of February of each year, unless in any year the Board of Directors establishes a different date as the date of the annual meeting.  Failure to hold the annual meeting at the designated time shall not work any forfeiture or dissolution of the Corporation, and shall not affect otherwise valid corporate acts.
Section 2.
 
Annual Meeting
.
  Special meetings of the shareholders for any purpose or purposes, unless otherwise prescribed by statute or by the Articles of Incorporation, may be called by the Board of Directors or the Chairman and shall be called by the Chairman or the Secretary at the request in writing of a majority of the Board of Directors, or at the request in writing of shareholders of record holding not less than twenty five percent (25%) of all the shares outstanding and entitled by the Articles of Incorporation to vote on the business for which the meeting is being called.
Section 3.
 
Special Meetings
.
 
  A written or printed notice, stating the place, day and hour of the meeting, and in case of a special meeting, or when required by any other provision of the Indiana Business Corporation Law, or of the Articles of Incorporation, as now or hereafter amended, or these By-Laws, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is  called, shall be delivered or mailed by the Secretary, or by the officers or persons calling the meeting, to each shareholder of record entitled by the Articles of Incorporation, as now or hereafter amended, and by The Indiana Business Corporation Law to vote at such meeting, at such address as appears upon the records of the Corporation, at least ten (10) days before the date of the meeting.  Notice of any such meeting may be waived in writing by any shareholder, if the waiver sets forth in reasonable detail the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, and the time and place thereof.  Attendance at any meeting in person, or by proxy, shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting.  Each shareholder, who has in the manner above provided waived notice of shareholders meeting, or who personally attends a shareholders meeting, or is conclusively presumed to have been given due notice of such meeting.   Notice of any adjourned meeting of shareholders shall not be required to be given if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken, except as may be expressly required by law.
Section 4.
 
Notice of Meetings
.
  The address of any shareholder appearing upon the records of the Corporation shall be deemed to be the latest address of such shareholder for the class of stock held by such shareholder.
Section 5.
 
Addresses of Shareholders
.
Section 6.
 
Voting at Meetings
.
 
  The Transfer Agent of the Corporation shall make, at least five days before each election of directors, a complete list of the shareholders entitled by the Articles of Incorporation, as now or hereafter amended, to vote at such election, arranged in alphabetical order, with the address and number of shares so entitled to vote held by each, which list shall be on file at the principal office of the Corporation and subject to inspection by any shareholder.  Such list shall be produced and kept open at the time and place of election and subject to the inspection of any shareholder during the holding of such election.  The original stock registrar or transfer book, or a duplicate thereof kept in the State of Indiana, shall be the only evidence as to who are the shareholders entitled to examine such list or the stock ledger or transfer book or to vote at any meeting of the shareholders.
Section 7.
 
Voting List.
  The Board of Directors may prescribe a period not exceeding 70 days prior to meetings of the shareholders, during which stock on the books of the Corporation may not be transferred; or, in lieu of prohibiting the transfer of stock may set a date and time as the time at which shareholders entitled to notice of, and to vote at, such meeting shall be determined, and all persons who are holders of record of voting stock at such time, and no others, shall be entitled to notice of, and to vote at, such meeting.  Said date and time shall not be more than 70 days prior to any shareholders meeting.  In the absence of such determination, such date shall be 10 days prior to the date of such meeting.
Section 8.
 
Fixing of Record Date to Determine Shareholders Entitled to Vote.
  For any shareholder proposal to be presented in connection with an annual meeting of shareholders, including any proposal relating to the nomination of a director to be elected to the Board of Directors of the Corporation, the shareholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation (Notice) and must have been a shareholder of record entitled to vote at the meetings at the time of giving of such notice.  To be timely, Notice must be delivered to or, if mailed, received at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not less than one hundred twenty (120) calendar days in advance of the date the Corporations proxy statement was released to shareholders in connection with the annual meeting of shareholders; provided, however, that in the event that no annual meeting was held in the previous year or the date of the annual meeting has been changed by more than thirty (30) days from the date of the previous years annual meeting, to be timely, Notice must be received by the Corporations Secretary at the principal office of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the later of one hundred twenty (120) calendar days in advance of such annual meeting or ten (10) calendar days following the date on which public announcement of the date of the annual meeting is first made.  Such Notice shall set forth (a) as to each person whom the shareholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director, (i) a statement of the qualifications of such person, (ii) all information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), (iii) a description of all arrangements or understandings among the shareholder and such person and (iv) the written consent of such person to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected; (b) as to any other business that the shareholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting, the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such shareholder and of the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made; and (c) as to the shareholder giving the Notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made, (i) the name and address of such shareholder, as they appear on the Corporations books, and of such beneficial owner and (ii) the class and number of shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially and of record by such shareholders and such beneficial owner.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in order to include information with respect to a shareholder proposal in the proxy statement and form of proxy for a shareholders meeting, shareholders must also provide notice as required by the regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act.
Section 9.
 
Shareholder Proposals and Nominations
.
  The Board of Directors currently consists of nine (9) directors, which number may be hereafter increased or reduced by resolution adopted by not less than a majority of the directors then in office; provided that no reduction in number shall have the effect of shortening the term of any incumbent director.
Section 1.
 
Number and Term of Office
.
All directors, except in the case of earlier resignation, removal or death, shall hold office until their respective successors are chosen and qualified.  Directors need not be shareholders of the Corporation.
 
 Any vacancy occurring in the Board of Directors caused by resignation, death or other incapacity shall be filled by a majority vote of the remaining members of the Board of Directors, until the next annual meeting of shareholders.  If the vote of the remaining members of the Board shall result in a tie, such vacancy, at the discretion of the Board of Directors, may be filled by vote of the shareholders at a special meeting for that purpose.
Section 2.
 
Vacancies
 
.
 The Board of Directors shall meet each year, at the place where such meeting of the shareholders has been held either within or without the State of Indiana, for the purpose of organization, election of officers, and consideration of any other business that may properly come before the meeting.  No notice of any kind to either old or new members of the Board of Directors for such meeting shall be necessary.
Section 3.
 
Annual Meeting of Directors
 
.
  Regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at such times and places, either within or without the State of Indiana, as may be fixed by the directors.  Such regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice or upon such notice as may be fixed by the directors.
Section 4.
 
Regular Meetings
.
  Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman of the Board, the President, or by not less than a majority of the members of the Board of Directors.  Notice of the time and place, either within or without the State of Indiana, of a special meeting shall be served upon or telephoned to each director at least twenty-four hours, or mailed, telegraphed or cabled to each director at his usual place of business or residence at least forty-eight hours, prior to the time of the meeting.  Directors, in lieu of such notice, may sign a written waiver of notice either before the time of the meeting, at the meeting or after the meeting.  Attendance by a director in person at any such special meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice.
Section 5.
 
Special Meetings
.
 A majority of the actual number of directors elected and qualified, from time to time, shall be necessary to constitute a quorum for the transaction of any business except the filing of vacancies, and the act of a majority of the directors present at the meeting, at which a quorum is present, shall be the act of the Board of Directors, unless the act of a greater number is required by The Indiana Business Corporation Law, by the Articles of Incorporation, or these By-Laws.  A director, who is present at a meeting of the Board of Directors, at which action on any corporate matter is taken, shall be deemed to have voted in favor of the action, unless (a) his dissent shall be affirmatively stated by him at and before the adjournment of such meeting (in which event the fact of such dissent shall be entered by the secretary of the meeting in the minutes of the meeting), or (b) he shall forward such dissent by registered mail to the Secretary of the Corporation immediately after the adjournment of the meeting.  The right of dissent provided for by either clause (a) or clause (b) of the immediately preceding sentence shall not be available, in respect of any matter, if the director did not change his vote prior to the time the result of the vote on such matter was announced by the Chairman of such meeting.
Section 6.
 
Quorum
 
.
  Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if a written consent to such action is signed by all members of the Board of Directors or such committee, as the case may be, and such written consent is filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the Board of Directors or committee.
Section 7.
 
Consent Action by Directors
.
  Any or all members of the Board of Directors may be removed, with or without cause, at a meeting of shareholders called expressly for that purpose by a vote of the holders of not less than a majority of the outstanding shares of capital stock then entitled to vote in the election of directors.
Section 8.
 
Removal of Directors
.
 
  The Board of Directors shall have power, subject to any restrictions contained in The Indiana Business Corporation Law or in the Articles of Incorporation and out of funds legally available therefor, to declare and pay dividends upon the outstanding capital stock of the Corporation as and when they deem expedient.  Before declaring any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the Board of Directors from time to time in their absolute discretion deem proper for working capital, or as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies or for such other purposes as the Board of Directors shall deem conducive to the interests of the Corporation and the Board of Directors may modify or abolish any such reserve in the manner in which it was created.
Section 9.
 
Dividends
.
 
 The Board of Directors may fix a day and hour not exceeding 50 days preceding the date fixed for payment of any dividend or for the delivery of evidence of rights, or for the distribution or other corporate benefits, or for a determination of shareholders entitled to receive any such dividend, rights or distribution, and in such case only shareholders of record at the time so fixed shall be entitled to receive such dividend, rights or distribution.  If no record date is fixed for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive payment of a dividend, the end of the day on which the resolution of the Board of Directors declaring such dividend is adopted shall be the record date for such determination.
Section 10.
 
Fixing of Record Date to Determine Shareholders Entitled to Receive Corporate Benefits
 
.
  Any contract or other transaction between the Corporation of any corporation which this Corporation owns a majority of the capital stock shall be valid and binding, notwithstanding that the directors and officers of this Corporation are identical or that some or all of the directors or officers, or both, are also directors or officers of such other corporation.
Section 11.
 
Interest of Directors in Contracts
.
Any contract or other transaction between the Corporation and one or more of its directors or members or employees, or between the Corporation and any firm of which one or more of its directors are members or employees or in which they are interested, or between the Corporation and any corporation or association of which one or more of its directors are shareholders, members, directors, officers or employees or in which they are interested, shall be valid for all purposes, notwithstanding the presence of such director or directors at the meeting of the Board of Directors of the Corporation which acts upon, or in reference to, such contract or transaction and notwithstanding his or their participation in such action, if the fact of such interest shall be disclosed or known to the Board of Directors and the Boards of Directors shall authorize, approve and ratify such contract or transaction by a vote of a majority of the directors present, such interested director or directors to be counted in determining whether a quorum is present, but not to be counted in calculating the majority of such quorum necessary to carry such vote.  This Section shall not be construed to invalidate any contract or other transaction, which would otherwise be valid under the common and statutory law applicable thereto.
  The Board of Directors may, by resolution adopted by a majority of the actual number of directors elected and qualified, from time to time designate from among its members, an executive committee and one or more other committees and may delegate to each such committee such authority and power of the Board of Directors as shall be specified in such resolution, but no such committee shall have the authority of the Board of Directors in reference to amending the Articles of Incorporation, adopting an agreement or plan of merger or consolidation proposing a special corporate transaction, recommending to the shareholders a voluntary dissolution of the Corporation or a revocation thereof, or amending these By-Laws.  No member of any such committee shall continue to be a member thereof after he ceases to be a director of the Corporation.  The calling and holding of meetings of such committee and its method of procedure shall be as determined by the Board of Directors.
Section 12.
 
Committees.
  The principal officers of the Corporation shall be a Chairman, a Chief Executive Officer, a President, one or more Vice Presidents, a Treasurer and a Secretary.  The Corporation may also have, at the discretion of the Board of Directors; such other subordinate officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of these By-Laws.  Any two or more offices may be held by the same person, except the office of Chairman shall not be given to an individual who is not a director of the Corporation.
Section 1.
 
Principal Officers
.
  The Board of Directors shall designate a Chief Executive Officer.  The Chief Executive Officer shall hold those powers and authorities normally accorded such position and shall be the senior officer accountable to the Chairman and Board for the principles and policies of the Corporation.
Section 2.
 
Chief Executive Officer
.
  The principal officers of the Corporation shall be chosen annually by the Board of Directors at the annual meeting thereof.  Each such officer shall hold office until his successor shall have been duly chosen and qualified, or until his death, or he shall resign, or shall have been removed in the manner hereinafter provided.
Section 3.
 
Election and Term of Office
.
  Any principal officer may be removed either with or without cause, at any time by resolution adopted at any meeting of the Board of Directors elected and qualified from time to time.
Section 4.
 
Removal
.
  In addition to the principal officers enumerated in Section 1 of this Article VI, the Corporation may have a Controller, one or more Assistant Controllers, one or more Assistant Secretaries and such other officers, agents and employees as the Board of Directors may deem necessary, each of whom shall hold office for such period, may be removed with or without cause, have such authority and perform such duties as Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, or the Board of Directors may from time to time determine.  The Board of Directors may delegate to any principal officer the power to appoint and to remove any such subordinate officers, agents or employees.
Section 5.
 
Subordinate Officers
.
 Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Chairman, the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Secretary.  Any such resignation shall take effect upon receipt of such notice or at any later time specified therein, and, unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.
Section 6.
 
Resignations
 
.
  Any vacancy in any office for any cause may be filled for the unexpired portion of the term in the manner prescribed in these By-Laws for election or appointment to such office for such term.
Section 7.
 
Vacancies
.
  The Chairman, who shall be chosen from among the directors, shall have general supervision of the affairs of the Corporation, subject to the control of the Board of Directors.  He shall be an ex officio member of all standing committees.  The Chairman shall preside at all meetings of the shareholders and at all meetings of the Board of Directors.  Subject to the control and direction of the Board of Directors, the Chairman may enter into any contract or execute and deliver any instrument in the name and on behalf of the Corporation.  In general, he shall perform all duties and have all powers as, from time to time may be herein defined, and all such other duties and powers as, from time to time may be assigned to him by the Board of Directors.
Section 8.
 
Chairman
.
  The President shall be responsible to the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman in the performance of his duties, and shall, in the absence or disability of the Chief Executive Officer, perform the duties and exercise the power of the Chief Executive Officer.  The President shall perform such duties and have such powers as the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer or Board of Directors may, from time to time assign.
Section 9.
 
President
.
  The other Vice Presidents in the order of their seniority, unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors, shall, in the absence or disability of the President, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the President.  They shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, the President, or the Board of Directors may, from time to time assign.
Section 10.
 
Vice Presidents
.
  The Treasurer shall have charge and custody of, and be responsible for, all funds and securities of the Corporation and shall deposit all such funds and securities of the Corporation in such banks or other depositories as shall be selected by the Board of Directors.  He shall, upon request, exhibit at all reasonable times, his books of account and records to any of the directors of the Corporation where such books and records shall be kept; shall render upon request by the Board of Directors, a statement of the condition of the finances of the Corporation at any time requested by the Board of Directors or at the annual meeting of shareholders; shall receive, and give receipt for moneys due and payable to the Corporation from any source whatsoever; and in general, shall perform all duties incident to the office of Treasurer and such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him by the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Board of Directors.
Section 11.
 
Treasurer
.
  The Secretary shall keep or cause to be kept in the books provided for that purpose, the minutes of the meetings of the Shareholders and of the Board of Directors; shall duly give and serve all notices required to be given in accordance with the provisions of these By-Laws and by The Indiana Business Corporation Law; shall be custodian of the records and of the seal of the Corporation and see that the seal is affixed to all documents, the executing of which on behalf of the Corporation under its seal is duly authorized in accordance with the provisions of these By-Laws; and, in general, shall perform all duties incident to the office of Secretary and such other duties as may, from time to time, be assigned to him by the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Board of Directors.
Section 12.
 
Secretary
.
  The salaries of the principal officers shall be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors and the salaries of any subordinate officers may be fixed by the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer or the President.
Section 13.
 
Salaries
.
The Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer and the President and each are authorized and empowered for and on behalf of the Corporation and in its name, singly and without the joinder of any other officer, to execute and deliver any and all contracts, leases, notes, mortgages, receipts, deeds, commitments, power of attorney, authorizations and any and all documents in addition to, but not limited to the ones therefore described which said offices, or any of them believe to be necessary and advisable in carrying on the business of the Corporation.  The Treasurer and the Secretary of the Corporation are hereby authorized to execute and deliver any and all documents which relate to the routine discharge of the responsibilities of each of said offices and such other documents as either the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer or the President shall specifically authorize said officers to execute or deliver only such documents, or general types of classes of documents, with respect to which they have received specific authorization from either the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Board of Directors.
Section 14.
 
General Powers of Officers
  
.
  Unless otherwise ordered by the Board of Directors, the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer, the President and Secretary and each of them, are appointed attorneys and agents of the Corporation, and shall have full power and authority in the securities entitled to be voted at any meetings of security holders of corporations, or associations in which the Corporation may hold securities, in person, or by proxy, as a stockholder or otherwise and at such meetings shall possess and may exercise any and all rights and powers incident to the ownership of such securities, and which as the owner thereof of the Corporation might have possessed and exercised, if present, or to consent in writing to any action by and such other corporation or association.  The Board of Directors by resolution from time to time may confer like powers upon any other person or persons.
Section 15.
 
Voting Corporations Securities
.
Section 1
.
  
Rights to Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses
.
 
Section 2
.
  
Other Rights Not Affected
.
  Nothing contained in this Article shall limit or preclude the exercise or be deemed exclusive of any right under the law, by contract or otherwise, relating to indemnification of or advancement of expenses to any individual who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or the ability of the Corporation to otherwise indemnify or advance expenses to any such individual.  It is the intent of this Article to provide indemnification to directors and officers to the fullest extent now or hereafter permitted by law consistent with the terms and conditions of this Article.  Therefore, indemnification shall be provided in accordance with this Article irrespective of the nature of the legal or equitable theory upon which a claim is made, including without limitation negligence, breach of duty, mismanagement, corporate waste, breach of contract, breach of warranty, strict liability, violation of federal or state securities laws, violation of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or violation of any other state or federal laws.
Section 3.
  
Definitions
.
  For purposes of this Article:
The term director means an individual who is or was a member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation or an individual who, while a director of the Corporation, is or was serving at the Corporations request as a director, officer, partner, member, manager, trustee, employee, or agent of another foreign or domestic corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan, or other enterprise, whether for profit or not.  A director is considered to be serving an employee benefit plan at the Corporations request if the directors duties to the Corporation also impose duties on, or otherwise involve services by, the director to the plan or to participants in or beneficiaries of the plan.  The term director includes, unless the context requires otherwise, the estate or personal representative of a director.
The term expenses includes all direct and indirect costs (including without limitation counsel fees, retainers, court costs, transcripts, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, all other disbursements or out-of-pocket expenses) actually incurred in connection with the investigation, defense, settlement or appeal of a proceeding or establishing or enforcing a right to indemnification under this Article, applicable law or otherwise.
The term liability means the obligation to pay a judgment, settlement, penalty, fine, excise tax (including an excise tax assessed with respect to an employee benefit plan), or reasonable expenses incurred with respect to a proceeding.
The term party includes an individual who was, is or is threatened to be made a named defendant or respondent in a proceeding.
    
     The term proceeding means any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative and whether formal or informal.
   
The power to make, alter, amend or repeal these By-Laws is invested in the Board of Directors, but the affirmative vote of a majority of the actual number of directors elected and qualified, from time to time, shall be necessary to effect any alteration, amendment or repeal of the By-Laws.
 

EXHIBIT 99.1
INDIANAPOLIS, June 19, 2008 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE: SNS) today announced that its current board member, Sardar Biglari, has been appointed Chairman of the Board of Directors, replacing interim Chairman Wayne L. Kelley.  Mr. Kelley will remain on the Board of Directors and will retain his position as Interim Chief Executive Officer until the Company concludes its search for a permanent Chief Executive Officer.
Mr. Kelley, Interim Chief Executive Officer, commented, On behalf of Steak n Shake, I would like to welcome Mr. Biglari as the Companys new Chairman.  We look forward to working together to improve the performance of the Company.
Mr. Biglari, the newly appointed Chairman of the Board of Directors, commented, As Steak n Shakes new Chairman, I wholeheartedly look forward to helping lead the Company to the creation of value for all its shareholders.  While one of the Boards and my immediate responsibilities centers on attracting a highly qualified CEO, we will begin by taking needed steps to close the gap between Steak n Shakes intrinsic business value and its stock price, which we believe considerably underrates that value.
About Steak n Shake
Steak n Shake is a full-service, casual dining restaurant serving a core menu of its famous STEAKBURGER sandwiches, thin 'n crispy french fries, old fashioned hand-dipped milk shakes, chili, home style soups, fresh salads, a variety of desserts and breakfast. All of the food is prepared to the guest's order and served by friendly, well-trained associates. Steak n Shake restaurants feature full-service dining areas, counter service and drive-thru windows and most are open 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
TM
Risks Associated with Forward-Looking Statements
  our ability to renegotiate our debt agreements and refinance our current debt at similar rates;  
Certain statements contained in this press release
 
represent forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In general, forward-looking statements include estimates of future revenues, cash flows, capital expenditures or other financial items, as well as assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements reflect managements current expectations regarding future events and use words such as anticipate, believe, expect, may and other similar terminology. A forward-looking statement is neither a prediction nor a guarantee of future events or circumstances, and those future events or circumstances may not occur. Investors should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. These forward-looking statements are based on currently available operating, financial and competitive information and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Our actual future results and trends may differ materially depending on a variety of factors, many beyond our control, including, but not limited to
 
:the poor performance or closing of even a small number of restaurants; our ability to attract and retain guests; the ability of our franchisees to operate profitable restaurants; changes in guest preferences, tastes and dietary habits; minimum wage rates; the availability and cost of qualified personnel; fluctuations in food commodity prices and the availability of food commodities; harsh weather conditions; unfavorable publicity relating to food safety or food borne illness; our ability to comply with the restrictions and covenants
to our debt agreements;
our ability to comply with existing and future governmental regulations; our ability to adequately protect our trademarks, service marks and other components of our brand; and other risks identified in the periodic reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that are currently deemed immaterial may also become important factors that may harm our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
 
We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements except as required in our periodic reports.
Contact:                Jeffrey A. Blade
Jeff.blade@steakns
hake.com
(317) 633-4100


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20080715103852.txt.gz
TIME:20080715103852
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[   ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[   ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[   ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[   ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Item 5.02.  Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
 
   
 On July 11, 2008, The Steak n Shake Company (the "Company") issued a press release announcing that Jeffrey A. Blade, the Company's Interim President, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial and Administrative Officer, has resigned his positions with the Company and its affiliated entities effective immediately in order to pursue other interests.
   
  The press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1, and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference as part of this item.
 
 In conjunction with his resignation
   
,
Mr. Bla
de entered into an agreement with the Company which supersedes all other severance or employment agreements.  Under the agreement, Mr. Blade will receive as severance
com
pensation an amount equal to his current annual salary and up to $12,000 to be used for outplacement services.
 
 The foregoing is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1, and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference as part of this item.
 
 On July 11, 2008, the Company appointed  
   
Duane Geiger
to serve as Interim Chief Financial Officer in addition to his current role of Vice President and Controller.  No modifications in Mr. Geigers
com
pensation ac
com
panied this change in duties.
 
 
Item 9.01.  Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
   
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
By:
/s/ Wayne L. Kelley
Wayne L. Kelley
Interim Chief Executive Officer
 
Dated: July 15, 2008

EXHIBIT 10.1
 
 This Resignation Agreement and Complete General Release (the Agreement) is entered into effective this 11 day of July, 2008 by and between Jeffrey A. Blade (Mr. Blade) and The Steak n Shake Company and its corporate affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively SNS).  
   
th
 
 Mr. Blade agrees and understands that the Settlement Amount, the Outplacement Payment and other consideration provided pursuant to this Agreement constitute money and consideration to which he is not otherwise entitled, and he agrees that a portion of the Settlement Amount and Outplacement Payment is specifically allocable to the waiver of any claims under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act and/or the Older Workers Benefits Protection Act.
   
 No officer or other person authorized to act on behalf of the Company with regard to such action will make any statements that would be reasonably likely to injure Mr. Blades goodwill or reputation.  If Mr. Blade becomes aware of such a statement being made he shall notify the Companys Senior Vice President, Human Resources or General Counsel, who shall investigate and use their best efforts to cure any statement made in violation of this provision within five (5) business days of their receipt of such notice.
   
 
 
 
 
 
 To revoke this Agreement after signing it, Mr. Blade must send written notice of revocation to Wayne Kelley at the Companys corporate office.  For revocation to be effective, it must be received by Mr. Kelley no later than the close of business on the seventh day after Mr. Blade signs this Agreement.  If Mr. Blade revokes this Agreement, it shall not be effective or enforceable and Mr. Blade will not receive any of the benefits or the payments described herein and Mr. Blade shall return any payments made hereunder.
   
 
 
 
 
THIS AGREEMENT IS ENTERED INTO AS OF THE DATE ABOVE WRITTEN AND THE PARTIES AGREE TO BE BOUND TO ITS TERMS BY SIGNING BELOW:
 

EXHIBIT 99.1
 
 
INDIANAPOLIS, July 11, 2008 /PRNewswire --- The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE: SNS) today announced that Jeffrey A. Blade, the Company's Interim President, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial and Administrative Officer, has notified the Company that he has decided to resign effective immediately to pursue other interests.
Mr. Kelley, Interim Chief Executive Officer, commented, We want to thank Jeff for his contributions to Steak n Shake and his tireless work over the more than four years that he has been with the Company.  We wish him success in his new endeavors.
About Steak n Shake
Steak n Shake is a full-service, casual dining restaurant serving a core menu of its famous STEAKBURGER sandwiches, thin 'n crispy french fries, old fashioned hand-dipped milk shakes, chili, home style soups, fresh salads, a variety of desserts and breakfast. All of the food is prepared to the guest's order and served by friendly, well-trained associates. Steak n Shake restaurants feature full-service dining areas, counter service and drive-thru windows and most are open 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
TM
 
 
 
Risks Associated with Forward-Looking Statements
  our ability to renegotiate our debt agreements and refinance our current debt at similar rates;  
Certain statements contained in this press release
 
represent forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In general, forward-looking statements include estimates of future revenues, cash flows, capital expenditures or other financial items, as well as assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements reflect managements current expectations regarding future events and use words such as anticipate, believe, expect, may and other similar terminology. A forward-looking statement is neither a prediction nor a guarantee of future events or circumstances, and those future events or circumstances may not occur. Investors should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. These forward-looking statements are based on currently available operating, financial and competitive information and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Our actual future results and trends may differ materially depending on a variety of factors, many beyond our control, including, but not limited to
 
:the poor performance or closing of even a small number of restaurants; our ability to attract and retain guests; the ability of our franchisees to operate profitable restaurants; changes in guest preferences, tastes and dietary habits; minimum wage rates; the availability and cost of qualified personnel; fluctuations in food commodity prices and the availability of food commodities; harsh weather conditions; unfavorable publicity relating to food safety or food borne illness; our ability to comply with the restrictions and covenants
to our debt agreements;
our ability to comply with existing and future governmental regulations; our ability to adequately protect our trademarks, service marks and other components of our brand; and other risks identified in the periodic reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that are currently deemed immaterial may also become important factors that may harm our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
 
We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements except as required in our periodic reports.
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20080729170133.txt.gz
TIME:20080729170133
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[   ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[   ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[   ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[   ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Item 5.02.  Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
 
  
 On July 23, 2008, Steven C. Schiller, the Senior Vice President of Marketing of The Steak n Shake Company (the "Company") resigned his positions with the Company and its affiliated entities effective immediately in order to pursue other interests.
   
  
 
 In conjunction with his resignation
   
,
Mr.
Schiller entered into an agreement with the Company which supersedes all other severance or employment agreements.  Under the agreement, Mr. Schiller will receive as severance
com
pensation an amount equal to ten months of his current annual salary, coverage under the Companys group medical plans (or payment for COBRA coverage) for up to one year or until he obtains coverage under other plans, and the use of a Company-owned automobile for up to six months.
 
 The foregoing is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1, and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference as part of this item.
   
 
 
Item 9.01.  Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
   
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
By:
/s/ Sardar Biglari
Sardar Biglari 
   
Executive Chairman
 
Dated: July 29, 2008

EXHIBIT 10.1
 
 
 This Resignation Agreement and Complete General Release (the Agreement) is entered into effective this 23rd day of July, 2008 by and between Steven C. Schiller (Mr. Schiller) and The Steak n Shake Company (SNS).
   
 
 Mr. Schiller agrees and understands that the Settlement Amount and other consideration provided pursuant to this Agreement constitute money and consideration to which he is not otherwise entitled, and he agrees that a portion of the Settlement Amount is specifically allocable to the waiver of any claims under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act and/or the Older Workers Benefits Protection Act.  Mr. Schiller acknowledges that, except for the payments and other benefits contemplated by this Agreement (and any equity incentive awards fully vested as of the Resignation Date) the Company has paid him all compensation to which he is entitled in connection with his employment with SNS.
   
 
 
 
 
 
 No officer or other person authorized to act on behalf of the Company with regard to such action will make any statements that would be reasonably likely to injure Mr. Schillers goodwill or reputation.  If Mr. Schiller becomes aware of such a statement being made he shall notify the Companys Senior Vice President, Human Resources or General Counsel, who shall investigate and use their best efforts to cure any statement made in violation of this provision within five (5) business days of their receipt of such notice.
   
 
 
 
 
 To revoke this Agreement after signing it, Mr. Schiller must send written notice of revocation to Tom Murrill at the Companys corporate office.  For revocation to be effective, it must be received by Mr. Murrill no later than the close of business on the seventh day after Mr. Schiller signs this Agreement.  If Mr. Schiller revokes this Agreement, it shall not be effective or enforceable and Mr. Schiller will not receive any of the benefits or the payments described herein and Mr. Schiller shall return any payments made hereunder.
   
 
 
 
 
 
THIS AGREEMENT IS ENTERED INTO AS OF THE DATE ABOVE WRITTEN AND THE PARTIES AGREE TO BE BOUND TO ITS TERMS BY SIGNING BELOW:
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20080808151045.txt.gz
TIME:20080808151045
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[   ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[   ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[   ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[   ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Item 5.02.  Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
 
  
 
   
 
   
On August 7, 2008, The Steak n Shake Company (the "Company") issued a press release announcing changes in its senior management. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1, and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference.
 
 Effective August 4, 2008, Wayne L. Kelley, the Company's Interim Chief Executive Officer, resigned from his position with the Company and its affiliated entities.
   
Mr. Kelley
will
remain a member of the Companys Board of Directors
and has resumed receiving meeting fees normally paid to non-employee members of the Board of Directors
.
 
 On August 5, 2008, the Companys Board of Directors appointed Sardar Biglari, the Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors, to also serve as the Companys Chief Executive Officer. 
   
Mr. Biglari, age , has served as the Company's Executive Chairman of the Board since June 19, 2008. Mr. Biglari has served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Biglari Capital, the general partner of the Lion Fund L.P. ("Lion Fund"), a private investment fund, since its inception in 2000. He has also served as the Chairman of the Board of Western Sizzlin Corp. ("Western Sizzlin"), a steak and buffet restaurant chain operating and franchising in approximately 117 locations, since March 2006 and as its Chief Executive Officer and President since May 2007. There is no family relationship between Mr. Biglari and any director or executive officer of the Company.
30
 
 There is no other plan, contract or arrangement to which Mr. Biglari is a party or in which he participates that was or will be entered into, or any material amendment to such a plan, contract or arrangement, in connection with Mr. Biglaris appointment as Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Biglari does not receive board fees or any other compensation.
 In connection with his appointment as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, Mr. Biglari's annual salary was increased to $280,000.
   
 
 On August 6, 2008, the Companys Board of Directors agreed to reimburse Western Sizzlin and the Lion Fund for expenses related to this years proxy contest in the amount of $500,000. Mr. Biglari serves as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of both Western Sizzlin and the Lion Fund.
   
.
This expense reimbursement is being disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K
 
 
Item 9.01.  Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
   
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
By:
/s/ Sardar Biglari
Sardar Biglari 
   
Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 
Dated: August 8, 2008

EXHIBIT 99.1
 
INDIANAPOLIS, August 7, 2008 /PRNewswire--- The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE: SNS) today announced that Wayne L. Kelley, the Company's Interim Chief Executive Officer, resigned from this position on August 4, 2008. Mr. Kelley will retain his position as a member of the Companys Board of Directors.
On August 5, 2008 the Companys Board of Directors appointed Sardar Biglari, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, to serve as the Companys Chief Executive Officer.
Mr. Kelley commented, I am pleased to pass the Chief Executive Officer position to Sardar, who has demonstrated an incredible work ethic and dedication to the Company since his election to the Board. As Chairman, he has shown that he is willing and able to lead the Company through its turnaround process and I believe he is the right Chief Executive Officer to lead Steak n Shake into the future.
Mr. Biglari commented, I would like to thank Wayne for his guidance over the last several months. In reviewing Steak n Shake and beginning to implement its restructuring, the Board and I concluded that to achieve the best results, we need an executive who will be focused on restaurant operations. As a consequence, we will seek a president with significant restaurant experience to concentrate on improving restaurant operations, whereas I will assume the CEO position, leading the organization principally from a strategic, financial, and governance perspective. Concurrently, we are presently undergoing a comprehensive examination of the company and are in the process of implementing a restructuring program  closing underperforming locations, reducing G&A, shortening hours of operation in many locations, and other initiatives  all on the premise that Steak n Shake will be managed based on cash flows in order to create long-term value for shareholders. Steak n Shake is an iconic brand with greatly talented people working throughout the organization. Because of all these advantages, I am confident we will regain the chains prior status as a great company. Details of our plan will be disclosed within the next 60 days in a shareholder letter.
The Company will release its third quarter earnings in conjunction with the filing of its Form 10-Q on Monday, August 11, 2008.
 
About Steak n Shake
Steak n Shake is a full-service, casual dining restaurant serving a core menu of its famous STEAKBURGER sandwiches, thin 'n crispy french fries, old fashioned hand-dipped milk shakes, chili, home style soups, fresh salads, a variety of desserts and breakfast. All of the food is prepared to the guest's order and served by friendly, well-trained associates. Steak n Shake restaurants feature full-service dining areas, counter service and drive-thru windows and most are open 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
TM
 
 
 
Risks Associated with Forward-Looking Statements
  our ability to renegotiate our debt agreements and refinance our current debt at similar rates;  
Certain statements contained in this press release
 
represent forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In general, forward-looking statements include estimates of future revenues, cash flows, capital expenditures or other financial items, as well as assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements reflect managements current expectations regarding future events and use words such as anticipate, believe, expect, may and other similar terminology. A forward-looking statement is neither a prediction nor a guarantee of future events or circumstances, and those future events or circumstances may not occur. Investors should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. These forward-looking statements are based on currently available operating, financial and competitive information and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Our actual future results and trends may differ materially depending on a variety of factors, many beyond our control, including, but not limited to
: the poor performance or closing of even a small number of restaurants; our ability
to attract and retain guests;
he ability of our franchisees to operate profitable restaurants; changes in guest preferences, tastes and dietary habits; minimum wage rates; the availability and cost of qualified personnel; fluctuations in food commodity prices and the availability of food commodities; harsh weather conditions; unfavorable publicity relating to food safety or food borne illness; our ability to comply with the restrictions and covenants
to our debt agreements;
our ability to comply with existing and future governmental regulations; our ability to adequately protect our trademarks, service marks and other components of our brand; and other risks identified in the periodic reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that are currently deemed immaterial may also become important factors that may harm our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
 
We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements except as required in our periodic reports.
 
               
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20080811172623.txt.gz
TIME:20080811172623
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Item 2.02  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION
   
 
 On August 11, 2008, The Steak n Shake Company (the "Company") issued a Press Release announcing its fiscal year 2008 third quarter results. The Company's earnings release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of this report.
   
 
 The Company is furnishing the information contained in this report, including the Exhibit, pursuant to Item 2.02 of Form 8-K promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). This information shall not be deemed to be "filed" with the SEC or incorporated by reference into any other filing with the SEC. By filing this report on Form 8-K and furnishing this information, the Registrant makes no admission as to the materiality of any information in this report, including the Exhibits.
   
 
Item 9.01  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS
   
 
(d) Exhibits
 
99.1 Press Release, dated August 11, 2008, issued by the Company
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
   
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
By:
/s/ Sardar Biglari
Sardar Biglari,
Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 
Dated: August 11, 2008

EXHIBIT 99.1
 
INDIANAPOLIS, August 11, 2008 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE: SNS) today announced its results for the fiscal 2008 third quarter ended July 2, 2008.
Selected results from the fiscal third quarter 2008:
Fiscal Third Quarter 2008 Results
Total revenues for the fiscal 2008 third quarter decreased 6.1% to $144.3 million compared to $153.6 million in the comparable period last year. During the third quarter, same-store sales declined by 5.8%. The Net loss for the fiscal 2008 third quarter was $9.8 million, or $0.35 per diluted share. These figures compare to net earnings of $0.1 million, or $0.00 per diluted share in the third quarter of the prior year. Current third quarter results included $14.1 million ($8.7 million, or $0.31 per diluted share, net of tax) of non-cash impairment charges, which 12We completed 10 sale-leasebacks generating $14.8 million in proceeds, which were applied to paying down the line of credit. As a result, the Company now owns 154 properties, both land and building. Total obligations under our credit facilities at the end of the third quarter were $27.0 million.
include $4.8 million related to a group of
 
stores that we plan to close in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2008, and $8.8 million related to 18 restaurants that were impaired because the carrying values of their underlying assets were more than the expected future cash flows
. An additional
$
0
.5 million related to three stores involved in a sale-leaseback whose net book values exceeded their fair values.
Our cash flow from operations in the third quarter was $9.7 million. Our capital expenditures were $4.7 million, which included the rollout of the point of sale system, recent store openings, and maintenance. In the fourth quarter capital spending will be largely limited to maintenance capital expenditures.
We are presently undergoing a comprehensive examination of the company and are in the process of implementing a restructuring program. We are intent on maximizing cash flows and are therefore undertaking many initiatives such as the following:
In addition, we are working with a sense of urgency to revive our operations. In addition to the downturn in sales, the Company experienced deterioration in operating margins because of aggressive discounting, increases in commodity prices, and minimum wage rates. We managing the business with the goal of increasing the per-share value in order to create substantial and sustainable shareholder wealth.
We believe the lack of store-level execution in recent years has significantly contributed to a decline in our guest count. 
in the third fiscal quarter
will continue to take action to manage our costs while concurrently investing in our future by improving unit economics. We are
In the upcoming shareholder letter, we will provide an update on expected savings in
general and administrative
for fiscal 2009. We believe cost inefficiencies are besetting the organization; therefore, we are carefully examining the Companys cost structure.
Sardar Biglari, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, stated, In my view, our poor performance is not the result of poor economic conditions. Much of our operating shortfall, I believe, is the result of our own lack of execution. As a company that began in the midst of the Great Depression, we have a deep heritage from one of the great American brands and are fortunate to have attracted committed and passionate employees, benefits that we believe will allow us once again to become a thriving chain.
Communication with Investors
To be fair to all shareholders as well as to be efficient with our time, Investor Day is a stand-in for one-on-one communication. We will hold the informative meeting so shareholders can confer with management and spend as much time as needed to address questions. Our goal is to manage the business based on the long-term, and we will communicate in a manner consistent with attracting shareholders with a similar time horizon.
In lieu of a conference call, we plan to communicate with shareholders through an Investor Day to be held within the next 90 days. The date of the gathering will be released shortly. In addition, in the next 60 days a shareholder letter will be issued to elaborate on our plans.
About Steak n Shake
Steak n Shake is a full-service restaurant famous for its STEAKBURGERS, thin 'n crispy French fries, old fashioned hand-dipped milk shakes, and chili. All of the food is fresh, prepared to the guest's order, and served by friendly associates. Steak n Shake restaurants feature full-service dining areas, counter service, and drive-thru windows. As of July 2, 2008, there were 505 Steak n Shake restaurants operating in 21 states, including 436 Company-owned and 69 franchised units.
TM
Risks Associated with Forward-Looking Statements
    our ability to renegotiate our debt agreements and refinance our current debt at similar rates;  
Certain statements contained in this press release represent forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In general, forward-looking statements include estimates of future revenues, cash flows, capital expenditures or other financial items, as well as assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements reflect managements current expectations regarding future events and use words such as anticipate, believe, expect, may and other similar terminology. A forward-looking statement is neither a prediction nor a guarantee of future events or circumstances, and those future events or circumstances may not occur. Investors should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. These forward-looking statements are based on currently available operating, financial and competitive information and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Our actual future results and trends may differ materially depending on a variety of factors, many beyond our control, including, but not limited to:
the poor performance or closing of even a small number of restaurants; our ability to attract and retain guests; the ability of our franchisees to operate profitable restaurants; changes in guest preferences, tastes and dietary habits; minimum wage rates; the availability and cost of qualified personnel; fluctuations in food commodity prices and the availability of food commodities; harsh weather conditions; unfavorable publicity relating to food safety or food borne illness; our ability to comply with the restrictions and covenants
to our debt agreements;
our ability to comply with existing and future governmental regulations; our ability to adequately protect our trademarks, service marks and other components of our brand; and other risks identified in the periodic reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that are currently deemed immaterial may also become important factors that may harm our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements except as required in our periodic reports. 
                                


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20081022153558.txt.gz
TIME:20081022153558
EVENTS:	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[   ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[   ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[   ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[   ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Item 7.01.  Regulation FD Disclosure.
 
   
 On October 21, 2008, The Steak n Shake Company (the "Company") announced the publication of a letter from Sardar Biglari, Chairman of the Board. The letter may be accessed at the Companys web site, . A copy of the letter is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.
   
www.steaknshake.com
 
 
Item 9.01.  Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
   
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
By:
/s/ Sardar Biglari
Sardar Biglari
Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 
Dated: October 22, 2008

Exhibit 99.1
 
Dear Steak n Shake Shareholders:
Since I became Chairman and CEO of The Steak n Shake Company, we have conducted a comprehensive review of the business, evaluated management and associates, and mobilized a revitalization plan  all with a sense of urgency. In this letter, I will explain our business principles and objectives while sharing details of our rejuvenation.
The in carrying out a successful program, in our view, is to set the following goals: to form a strong management team, achieve a low cost structure, maintain a sound balance sheet, establish a focused strategy, and ultimately execute the plan decisively. Currently, we are shifting resources and changing processes to implement our plan. This letter will be a springboard to Investor Day on November 11, 2008 when we will elaborate further on the items discussed herein.
sine qua non
 
Maximizing Intrinsic Value Per Share
The nucleus of our long-term objective is to maximize intrinsic business value per share of the company, because doing so will optimize shareholder value. (Intrinsic value is computed by taking all future cash flows into and out of the business and then discounting the resultant number at an appropriate interest rate.) Our present shift in objective is significant, even mandatory, because prior management instilled throughout the organization the concept that it was necessary to escalate earnings per share (EPS) even at the expense of lessening cash flows. Needless to say, our financial mantra is to maximize free cash flow and return on invested capital.
As a corollary, capital allocation is immensely important. Because of past results and current performance, we have put a moratorium on new store openings. Still, our capital must be invested in a manner that achieves the highest risk-adjusted returns. We believe we will attain the highest return, relative to other opportunities, by improving present restaurant-level operations. By forgoing new openings, we can now dedicate our resources to remedying the stores in operation.
 
 
Expense Discipline
 
One of our critical changes involves slashing uncompetitive levels of expenses. Manifestly, spending must be limited to appropriate levels. Our cost structure has been a significant competitive disadvantage, but we have been working to turn it into an advantage. We have extensively analyzed the companys operations from the bottom up and have in the process investigated every outlay. For fiscal 2009, we anticipate G&A to be approximately $20 million lower than it was in fiscal 2007 or an approximate total expenditure of $37 million. That figure is simply an estimate because we will not identify a specific number and then manage around. We may increase what may be deemed an expense, but, if so, we will look at it as an investment. Conversely, we have a number of projects under way to ascertain means to prune G&A further. In short, I am following John Maynard Keynes advice, Id rather be vaguely right than precisely wrong.
 
In addition, we are reducing restaurant operating costs. Poor cost arrangements on outside services along with outmoded insurance programs have burdened the stores with noncompetitive overhead. We have thus far estimated an annualized reduction of around $8 million.
 
 
 
Historically, the company has attempted to pass on these elevated costs to customers, who rejected higher prices, as evidenced by our declining guest count. Our employees and shareholders have endured the pain from this ill-considered folly. We are doing all we can to reduce superfluous G&A and other spending so we can distribute most of the savings to the customer through better product quality and pricing strategy. Steak n Shake was started in 1934 on the premise that it must provide exceptional value to its customers, a policy that in turn creates exceptional results for its shareholders. We are retracing our auspicious beginnings so we can serve high quality products at competitive prices. As an organization, we will continue to treat every expense as a variable one to ensure that we are properly managing our business.
 
These savings are being countered by rising commodity costs. In many of our major spends, such as beef, prices have risen dramatically over the prior year. Because of our declining sales, we are working assiduously to reduce our costs with our eye on free cash flow. In our attempt to protect free cash flow, we are undertaking massive projects to shrink the inflation plaguing us. Through better sourcing, distribution, and controls, we expect to offset many inflationary pressures. We are meeting with our suppliers to ensure that we uncover ways to cut costs and improve customer experience. Many vendors will collaborate with us to lower costs because they plan to be with us for the long term. Of course, some turnover is inevitable, for a few vendors will depend on their ongoing relationship with us and will overlook their performance/price.
 
While expense reduction provides some relief, ultimately we must increase sales and profit to create a vibrant enterprise. However, without expense curtailment and a reevaluation of how resources are allocated, a turnaround, in my view, will not turn. Our fundamental idea is to become the most efficient restaurant company in the industry. Therefore, we must first cut the knowable, the costs, and then invest to increase the unknowable, the sales.
 
Strategic and Operational Initiatives
Steak n Shake is a classic American brand, and we intend to lead and dominate the premium burger and milkshake segment of the restaurant industry. The philosopher Isaiah Berlin cited a parable about a fox and a hedgehog with the latter defeating the fox because it knew one thing very well, whereas the fox knew many things very shallowly. We have chosen a hedgehog strategy, namely, emphasizing our core  burgers, fries, milkshakes, and chili  which make up almost 80% of our sales. We will be creative and innovative around our core products. To win out, we must aspire to best-in-class in cleanliness, product, service, value, promotion, and menu. We now constantly gauge ourselves against the very best so we can improve dramatically, ultimately take the lead, and be in a class unto ourselves. It is critical that our food to be distinctive, savory, and priced to attract higher frequency of return. For our guests we seek the benefits of an experience in coolness and coziness that is unmatched in the industry; passionate, hard working employees fanatical about hospitality; brightened product and value; and as a lagniappe a wait service eager to attend to customers needs.
We want to excite our present diners so they will visit our stores more often, and we want to attract new patrons. To capture a larger clientele, we will work vigorously with a relentless and tireless eye on the customers preferences. Every decision we make is customer-centric in order to build an ardent following for generations to come.
With our renewed verve, we are working on a new menu  to reduce it to clear and appealing choices and thus simplify. Too much complexity has sapped efficiency from our operations. We currently are working through several test markets to determine the most appetizing menu selections by simultaneously improving variety while discarding slow-moving items. To increase guest count profitably, we will add items to span the prices in the menu; a three-tiered pricing strategy bridging low, medium, and higher priced items is intended to boost customer traffic and profit.
 
 
 
Steak n Shake will celebrate its 75 anniversary in 2009, an ideal opportunity to capitalize on the heritage of the brand and reconnect with our fans. Our marketing plan for calendar 2009 will stress our celebration of this memorable occasion. As we reconnect generations of customers to our brand, we aspire for our restaurant dcor to be clean, up-to-date, casual, and exciting, suitable for everyday enjoyment. To continue our theme, we will incorporate music into the stores, change color schemes, improve lighting, and stylize uniforms  all to spur excitement in our associates and customers.
th
These changes do not entail major capital outlays. For instance, a new coat of paint is not expensive. We are limiting our expenditures because we do not believe that major remodeling will achieve an appropriate return. We are only making an expenditure on what the core customer, the superfan if you will, truly values and will reward. We have a good concept, and thus the plan is to fix the fixable and make improvements visible to the customer on the inside and the outside of the building.
To carry out our initiatives, we need better training programs and a staff that relentlessly focuses on operational excellence. To attain the level of hospitality that we envision, we recently appointed to the management team Dennis Roberts, formerly chief operations officer of Friendly Ice Cream, as Steak n Shakes Vice President of Operations Excellence. He is now overseeing a group that will audit the stores as well as heighten operational execution. He will work collaboratively with Omar Janjua, Vice President of Operations, and his team to accomplish our objective, operational excellence in hospitality, a prerequisite for financial excellence.
To accelerate our initiatives, we have engaged a number of people from outside Steak n Shake to supplement our personnel. Through testing and experimentation we will continuously strive for faster decision-making and a systemwide scramble for winning concepts. All these ideas are, of course, geared to take an iconic brand and translate it into a great company, which by definition must remain great for a long time, and as a byproduct to deliver an upsurge of shareholder value.
 
 
Hours of Operation and Closures
In all, we have reduced our hours of operation in 125 stores. Because of the recent reduction of hours in 75 stores, we expect annually to save around $1 million in the affected restaurants, not including the other benefits from closure  e.g., sales transfer, less strain on management, time for thorough cleaning, and less food waste.
To date, we have closed 14 restaurants. We are monitoring the cash flows of underperforming stores, and we will contemplate all our options, including lease terminations.
 
Franchising
We believe the future growth of Steak n Shake lies in franchising. Growth through franchising yields numerous benefits: It allows management to allot more resources to the development of better products and marketing practices as well as improved quality control  emerging into more productivity and wiser resource allocation. Franchising is a strategy of expanding the brand in a disciplined manner to generate higher returns on capital in a lower-risk manner. It is our long-range plan to be in the franchising and real estate businesses in order to realize high returns on capital while minimizing cost of capital.
 
 
 
We are also open to refranchising stores under the right conditions, and we will move forward on an opportunistic basis to do so, namely in tertiary markets. Because of the restaurants deteriorating performance and depressed valuations, the soundest maneuver to maximize the value of the company is to improve company-operated stores.
 
To grow through franchising, we are working to improve the current unit economics. We have a deep heritage and a strong brand affinity that coupled with the right operator and location will be highly attractive for a franchisee. We have credibility with generations of customers because we are the pioneer in the premium burger and milkshake segment of the restaurant industry. We plan to nurture the brand sensibly and use it to defend and construct a great company.
 
Capital Structure
At the end of the third quarter total debt under our credit facilities was $27 million. Our initial plan is to reduce this debt by paying off the outstanding balance of around $17 million with Prudential. We own the land and buildings of 150 properties. We also have for sale 14 improved properties and 20 parcels, which we had previously purchased for development.
. We have approximately $16 million in taxes paid in fiscal 2006 that should be recovered in the coming months. Kevin Kovacs, our Director of Tax and Treasury, is credited with leading the initiative that will result in our recovering taxes from two years ago. We commissioned a tax fixed asset study which cost us approximately $400 thousand. In spite of the expense, we should recover approximately $6 million, which included a cost segregation studyon our restaurants topinpoint charges that qualify for accelerated depreciation as well as identified fixed assets that were not being depreciated through using the optimal tax recovery periods.
Tax refunds
 
 
Our plan is to engender extreme financial flexibility through strengthening our balance sheet. We have several choices available to reduce debt and to fund operations, some we have already undertaken  e.g., disposition of unimproved properties and unproductive assets, along with tax recoveries. Furthermore, we constantly weigh these options against other alternatives.
 
Culture of Ownership and Accountability
The culture of Steak n Shake is changing to one that is performance-oriented. This transition, of course, requires an evolution in behavior. Although switching behavior invites unease and criticism it is mandatory for our survival because perpetuating the obsolete is worse. As Charles Darwin said, It is not the strongest of the species that survives, not the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change. Even though we are slaying sacred cows, in the process we are becoming more efficient. The positive upshot is we are developing flexibility and quick adaptability.
While we have made significant alterations to the management team, we will continue to replace talent throughout the organization so that only those performing at a very high level will remain. This business, like others, is about execution. We simply must execute at a pace that is faster and more productive than that of any of our competitors.
 
 
 
I have long been convinced, and have expressed my conviction very strongly based on empirical evidence, that stock ownership aligns interests properly between management and shareholders. I represent a group owning more stock in The Steak n Shake Company than any other shareholder. My personal interests are aligned with yours, the shareholders. This philosophy must pervade our business from the board level to the store level.
 
Consequently, the board recently agreed to take its annual retainer fees in stock instead of cash. Here, we are paralleling the boards and our shareholders interests. At the store level, we are working on a program to engage general managers who will become the most valuable leaders at Steak n Shake. As of now, we are reviewing incentive programs, job responsibilities, and expectations. That is, we expect our managers to be committed financially and emotionally. Our arrangement will be to pay for performance so our managers can earn more money; then we can attract the very best people to Steak n Shake. We are seeking to assemble a team that is committed to and passionate about winning.
 
The ownership culture involves you, our shareholders, because you own our assets. Accordingly, we view you as a part owner of the business and thus of every store. We are seeking long-term shareowners, for we plan to manage the company on the same time frame. Everyone connected with Steak n Shake should be proud of our people, product, and place. As a result, I request that when you frequent a restaurant, of which you own a part, notice whether the cleanliness, service, speed, or any other aspect is or is not up to your standards; if it fails to meet or even exceeds your expectations, please e-mail . While it is not feasible for me to communicate through this medium, I can assure you that I will read every comment regarding your experience. I would expect no less if the two of us owned a single unit and you were the capital partner whereas I were the managing one. This ideal exemplifies Steak n Shakes new culture of ownership and accountability.
owner@steaknshake.com
My excitement over our brand and our ability to reignite it should not be taken with unrestrained revelry. Turning around the business will take some time, and our current trend is not one to be envied. We will never excuse our results based on the economy, weather, or such factors. (Otherwise, with good results we should also give external factors the credit!) After all, we are in the restaurant business, not the excuse business. We must do well over time, and it is incumbent upon us to execute and beat the competition under any condition. Naturally, we feel optimistic about the prospects of successfully turning around the business.
 
 
Shareholder Communication
 
In lieu of conference calls, we will connect with shareholders through the upcoming Investor Day on November 11, 2008. We look forward to sharing with you recent developments that we are currently testing. To be fair to all shareholders as well as to be prudent with our time, Investor Day is a stand-in for one-on-one communication. We will hold this informative meeting so shareholders can confer with management and spend as much time as needed to address questions. Our goal is to manage the business based on the long-term, and we will communicate in a manner consonant with attracting shareholders with a similar time horizon. Later, we plan to answer shareholder questions at the annual meeting. Our approach may be unconventional, but we find it to be more productive and more sensible than some more orthodox methods.
 
 
 
We are starting to do business in a manner that makes us nearly unique in the industry because we want to achieve uniquely good results. Naturally, we have a fairly lengthy journey before reaching our goals. We will do what it takes to prevail.
 
While the past focused on building traffic through new store openings, same store sales, quarterly results, and EPS, the future focuses on growing traffic through existing stores, store profit, long-term value, and free cash flow. We believe the new plan is the way we will advance shareholder value.
To better burgers,
 
Sardar Biglari
 
 
Risks Associated with Forward-Looking Statements
  our ability to renegotiate our debt agreements and refinance our current debt at similar rates;  
Certain statements contained in this press release represent forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In general, forward-looking statements include estimates of future revenues, cash flows, capital expenditures or other financial items, as well as assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements reflect managements current expectations regarding future events and use words such as anticipate, believe, expect, may and other similar terminology. A forward-looking statement is neither a prediction nor a guarantee of future events or circumstances, and those future events or circumstances may not occur. Investors should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. These forward-looking statements are based on currently available operating, financial and competitive information and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Our actual future results and trends may differ materially depending on a variety of factors, many beyond our control, including, but not limited to: the poor performance or closing of even a small number of restaurants; our ability to attract and retain guests; the ability of our franchisees to operate profitable restaurants; changes in guest preferences, tastes and dietary habits; minimum wage rates; the availability and cost of qualified personnel; fluctuations in food commodity prices and the availability of food commodities; harsh weather conditions; unfavorable publicity relating to food safety or food borne illness; our ability to comply with the restrictions and covenants
to our debt agreements;
our ability to comply with existing and future governmental regulations; our ability to adequately protect our trademarks, service marks and other components of our brand; and other risks identified in the periodic reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that are currently deemed immaterial may also become important factors that may harm our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements except as required in our periodic reports.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20081112172007.txt.gz
TIME:20081112172007
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Item 2.02  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION
   
 
 On November 10, 2008, The Steak n Shake Company (the "Company") issued a Press Release announcing its full year and fiscal fourth quarter 2008 results. The Company's earnings release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of this report.
   
 
 The Company is furnishing the information contained in this report, including the Exhibit, pursuant to Item 2.02 of Form 8-K promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). This information shall not be deemed to be "filed" with the SEC or incorporated by reference into any other filing with the SEC. By filing this report on Form 8-K and furnishing this information, the Registrant makes no admission as to the materiality of any information in this report, including the Exhibits.
   
 
 
Item 5.02  DEPARTURE OF DIRECTORS OR CERTAIN OFFICERS; ELECTION OF DIRECTORS; APPOINTMENT OF CERTAIN OFFICERS; COMPENSATORY ARRANGEMENTS OF CERTAIN OFFICERS
   
 
 
   
On November 10, 2008, William Regan was appointed to the Company's Board of Directors. Mr. Regan is a graduate of the United States Air Force Academy and the University of Wisconsin-Madison, where he earned his Ph.D in Finance. Mr. Regan most recently served as Chief Financial Officer and Vice President, Corporate Services for California Independent System Operator Corporation. He formerly held senior finance positions with Entergy Corporation and United Services Automobile Associations. No transactions occurred since the beginning of the Company's last fiscal year to which the Company was a party in which Mr. Regan had or is to have a direct or indirect material interest.
 
 
 On November 10, 2008 Geoffrey Ballotti resigned from the Company's Board of Directors in compliance with his new employer's policy prohibiting its executives from serving on the Boards of Directors of other public companies.
   
 
 
Item 7.01  REGULATION FD DISCLOSURE
   
 
 The Company has revised the plans communicated in the Chairman's Letter dated October 21, 2008 regarding the Prudential debt facility. The Company and Prudential are discussing waiving or extending the collateral obligation and continuing the relationship. Accordingly, the Company anticipates paying down a pro rata portion of both the Prudential facility and the line of credit it maintains with Fifth Third Bank. Fifth Third also plan to extend the line of credit.
   
 
Item 9.01  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS
   
 
(d) Exhibits
 
99.1  Press Release, dated November 10, 2008, issued by the Company
   
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
   
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
By:
/s/ Duane E. Geiger
Duane E. Geiger
Interim Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Controller
 
Dated: November 12, 2008

EXHIBIT 99.1
 
INDIANAPOLIS
, November 10, 2008 /PRNewswire-First Call/ -- The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE: SNS) today announced its results for the full year and fiscal fourth quarter 2008, which ended September 24, 2008.
Selected Results from Fiscal 2008:
 
 
In fiscal 2008, total revenues decreased 6.7% to $610.1
million
as compared to
$
654.1
million
in fiscal 2007. Same-store sales declined by 7.1% during fiscal 2008. The net loss for fiscal 2008 was
$
23.0
million
, or
$0.
81
per diluted share
, compared to net earnings of $11.8 million, or $0.42 per diluted share in the prior year.
The fiscal 2008 results included $14.
9
million ($
9.2
million, or $0.3
3
per diluted share, net of tax) of non-cash impairment charges
and store closing costs, including charges
related to a group of stores that we close
d
in th
e fourth quarter of fiscal 2008
and
restaurants that were impaired because the carrying values of their underlying assets
exceeded
the
ir
expected future cash flows.
Also included is a store closure charge of $0.5 million arising from early termination of a lease on a property. In comparison, fiscal
2007
included an
impairment
charge
o
f $5.4 million ($3.3 million, or $0.12 per diluted share, net of tax), which was offset by a $0.2 million gain on the sale of two units closed during a prior year.
Fiscal Fourth Quarter 2008 Results
Total revenues for the fiscal 2008 fourth quarter decreased
8.1% to $138.9 million
from
$151.1 million
in the comparable period last year. During the fiscal 2008 fourth quarter, same-store sales declined by 7.4%. The net loss for the fiscal 2008 fourth quarter was
$9.2 million
, or
$0.32 per diluted share
as compared with net earnings of $1.5 million, or $0.05 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of the prior year.
Under new management and with a change in strategic direction during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2008, the Company decided to forgo certain initiatives developed under prior leadership and to implement new initiatives designed to generate cash. Moreover, several personnel changes resulted in severance expense in the quarter. A summary of significant non-cash write-offs and other expenditures incurred in the fiscal 2008 fourth quarter resulting from these strategic changes is listed below:
 
 
 
 
 
Strategic, operational, and financial initiatives are discussed in the Chairmans letter dated October 21, 2008, which may be accessed at . At the end of the fourth quarter cash and cash equivalents were $6.9 million, and total obligations under credit facilities and long-term debt were $30.7 million. The Company owns the land and buildings of 150 properties. The Company also has for sale 14 improved properties and 20 parcels which were previously purchased for development. Managements plan is to maximize free cash flows and maintain a strong balance sheet.
www.steaknshake.com
During the fiscal 2008 fourth quarter, the Company identified indicators that require management to further evaluate the carrying value of goodwill. Management is in the process of performing a detailed analysis, but does not currently believe the analysis will result in any impairment.
Investor Day
 
As previously announced
,
the Company
plan
s
to communicate with shareholders through an Investor Day scheduled for November 11, 2008. Beginning at 1 p.m. E.S.T.
,
t
he meeting will take place at the Marriott Downtown,
350 West Maryland Street
,
Indianapolis
,
Indiana in
the Indiana Ballroom
.
To ensure that all interested parties could be accommodated, the Company asks that interested shareholders, analysts, potential investors
,
and media
return
an RSVP to the Company at rsvp@steaknshake.com.
 About Steak n Shake
 
Steak n Shake is a classic American brand serving premium burgers and milk shakes through its chain of 490 restaurants.
 
 
 
 
(1) The fiscal 2007 fourth quarter included $1.1 million of severance.
Risks Associated with Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements contained in this press release represent forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In general, forward-looking statements include estimates of future revenues, cash flows, capital expenditures or other financial items, as well as assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements reflect managements current expectations regarding future events and use words such as anticipate, believe, expect, may and other similar terminology. A forward-looking statement is neither a prediction nor a guarantee of future events or circumstances, and those future events or circumstances may not occur. Investors should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. These forward-looking statements are based on currently available operating, financial and competitive information and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Our actual future results and trends may differ materially depending on a variety of factors, many beyond our control, including, but not limited to: the poor performance or closing of even a small number of restaurants; our ability to attract and retain guests; the ability of our franchisees to operate profitable restaurants; changes in guest preferences, tastes and dietary habits; minimum wage rates; the availability and cost of qualified personnel; fluctuations in food commodity prices and the availability of food commodities; harsh weather conditions; unfavorable publicity relating to food safety or food borne illness; our ability to comply with the restrictions and covenants to our debt agreements; our ability to renegotiate our debt agreements and refinance our current debt at similar rates; our ability to comply with existing and future governmental regulations; our ability to adequately protect our trademarks, service marks and other components of our brand; and other risks identified in the periodic reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that are currently deemed immaterial may also become important factors that may harm our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements except as required in our periodic reports. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20081124151610.txt.gz
TIME:20081124151610
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Item 1.01  ENTRY INTO A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT
   
 
  
   
On November 21, 2008, The Steak n Shake Company (the Company) entered into amendments (the Amendments) to our Senior Note Agreement and Revolving Credit Facility (collectively the Facilities) that are effective for the quarter ended September 24, 2008. The Amendments accomplished a number of goals:
 
 Copies of the
   
A
mendments are filed as exhibits to this report and are incorporated herein in further response to this item.
 
Item 9.01  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS
   
 
(d) Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
   
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
By:
/s/ Sardar Biglari
Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer
 
Dated: November 24, 2008

EXHIBIT 99.1
EXECUTION COPY
 
, an Indiana corporation (the Company) and a Michigan banking corporation, formerly known as Fifth Third Bank (Central Indiana) and as Fifth Third Bank, Indiana (Central) (the Bank), being parties to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of November 16, 2001, as previously amended (collectively, the Agreement), agree to further amend the Agreement by this Tenth Amendment to Credit Agreement (this Amendment) as follows.
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
FIFTH THIRD BANK,
1.              All defined terms used herein not otherwise defined in this Amendment shall have their respective meanings set forth in the Agreement.
DEFINITIONS
.
 
2.              Section 2(a)(i), the first sentence of Section 2(a)(ii), and Section 2(a)(v) of the Agreement are hereby amended and restated in their respective entireties as follows:
RENEWAL/DECREASE OF COMMITMENT/PRO RATA PAYMENTS
.
3.              Sections 5(g)(i) and  5(g)(ii) of the Agreement are hereby deleted in their respective entireties, and new Sections 5(g)(iii) and 5(g)(iv) are hereby added to the Agreement as follows:
FINANCIAL COVENANTS
.
For purposes of this covenant, the phrase Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio means the ratio of: (A) the sum of the Companys consolidated net income (adjusted to exclude the one-time impairment charge in 2008 and any gains or losses from asset sales), plus non-cash stock compensation, interest expense, rental expense, and depreciation and amortization, to (B) the sum of the Companys interest expense, plus rental expense the current portion of long term debt, the current portion of leases, and Unfunded Capital Expenditures; with each item in the foregoing in clauses (A) and (B) determined for the one fiscal quarter tested (except for the period of four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters ending September 30, 2009, and December 23, 2009), and with the current portion of all lease obligations and the current portion of long term debt determined by dividing by four (4) such amounts as of the last day of each such fiscal quarter tested (except for the period of four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters ending September 30, 2009, and December 23, 2009).
4.              The Bank hereby waives the violations of: (i) Section 5(g)(i) of the Agreement with respect to the failure by the Company to maintain a maximum ratio of Funded Debt to EBITDA of not more than 4.75 to 1.00 for the period of our (4) fiscal quarters ending September 24, 2008;  and (ii) Section 5(g)(ii) of the Agreement  with respect to the failure of the Company to maintain a debt service coverage ratio of not less than .70 to 1.00 for the period of four (4) fiscal quarters ending September 24, 2008.  Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed as a waiver of any other term or condition of the Agreement or be construed as a commitment on the part of the Bank to waive any subsequent violation of the same or any other term or condition set forth in the Agreement, as amended by this Amendment.
WAIVERS
.
 
5.             In order to induce the Bank to enter into this Amendment, the Company affirms that the representations and warranties contained in the Agreement are correct as of the date of this Amendment, except that (i) they shall be deemed to also refer to this Amendment as well as all documents named herein and, (ii)  Section 3(d)  of  the Agreement  shall be deemed also to refer to the most recent audited and unaudited financial statements of the Company delivered to the Bank.  The Company further represents and warrants that there are presently no liens on any assets of the Company, whether real or personal,  other than the liens on the personal property assets of the Company granted to the Bank as collateral agent for itself and the Noteholders  pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, except those liens and encumbrances permitted pursuant to Section 6(b) of the Agreement. In support of this representation and warranty, the Company shall provide to the Bank within five (5) days of the execution of this Amendment a Schedule of Real Estate showing each parcel of real estate owned or leased by the Company, its address, revenues, and net operating income or loss, as the case may be. Such Schedule shall be on a form reasonably acceptable to the Bank.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES/SCHEDULE OF REAL ESTATE
. 
6.             The Company certifies to the Bank that no Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default under the Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, has occurred and is continuing as of the date of this Amendment, except as are waived herein.
EVENTS OF DEFAULT
. 
7.              As conditions precedent to the effectiveness of this Amendment, the Bank shall have received the following contemporaneously with execution and delivery of this Amendment, each duly executed, dated and in form and substance satisfactory to the Bank:
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
.
8.              The Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, supersedes all previous agreements and commitments made or issued by the Bank with respect to the Loans and all other subjects of this Amendment, including, without limitation, any oral or written proposals which may have been made or issued by the Bank.
PRIOR AGREEMENTS
.
9.              The provisions contained herein shall serve to supplement and amend the provisions of the Agreement.  To the extent that the terms of this Amendment conflict with the terms of the Agreement, the provisions of this Amendment shall control in all respects.
EFFECT OF AMENDMENT
.
10.              Except as expressly amended by this Amendment, all of the terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect as originally written and as previously amended.
REAFFIRMATION
.
11.            This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which when taken together shall be one and the same agreement.
COUNTERPARTS
.  
 
, the Company and the Bank have executed and delivered in Indiana this Tenth Amendment Credit Agreement by their respective duly authorized officers as of November 21, 2008.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
, an Indiana corporation
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
 
a Michigan banking corporation, formerly known as Fifth Third Bank (Central Indiana), and Fifth Third Bank, Indiana (Central)
FIFTH THIRD BANK,
 
 
 

EXHIBIT 99.2
 
Execution Copy
 
The Steak N Shake Company
500 Century Building
36 South Pennsylvania Street
Indianapolis, Indiana 46204
Attention:  Chief Financial Officer
Ladies and Gentlemen:
 Reference is made to that certain Amended and Restated Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement dated as of September 20, 2002, as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 dated December 18, 2002, that certain Amendment No. 2 dated May 21, 2003, that certain Amendment No. 3 dated September 17, 2003, that certain Amendment dated November 7, 2005, that certain Amendment No. 5 dated October 30, 2007, that certain Amendment No. 6 dated December 5, 2007, that certain Amendment No. 7 dated May 16, 2008 and that certain Amendment No. 8 dated August 11, 2008 (as so amended, the ) among The Steak N Shake Company, an Indiana corporation (the ), Prudential Investment Management, Inc., The Prudential Insurance Company of America and each Prudential Affiliate which has or may become a party thereto in accordance with the terms thereof (collectively, ), pursuant to which the Company issued and sold and Prudential purchased the Companys senior fixed rate notes from time to time.  Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Note Agreement.
   
Note Agreement
Company
Prudential
The Company has advised Prudential that Events of Default exist under paragraph 7A(v) of the Note Agreement as a result of the Companys failure to comply with the provisions of paragraph 6A of the Note Agreement and the provisions of paragraph 6C(2) of the Note Agreement as of and for the fiscal quarter of the Company ending on or about September 24, 2008 (the ).
Existing Events of Default
The Company has requested that Prudential waive the Existing Events of Default.  The Company has further requested that the Holders agree to amend the Note Agreement as more particularly set forth below.
Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, Prudential is willing to agree to such request.  Accordingly, and in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 11C of the Note Agreement, the parties hereto agree as follows:
.    From and after the Effective Date (as defined in Section 5 below), the Note Agreement and the Notes are amended as follows:
SECTION 1
Amendment
.
1.1.                       Paragraph 4B(3) of the Note Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety as follows:
4B(3).   (a) On any date when the aggregate Indebtedness under the Credit Agreement is reduced below the Threshold Amount (including, without limitation, as a result of an application of proceeds to the payment of Indebtedness under the Credit Agreement pursuant paragraph 6C(7)(iii)), then, on such date the Company shall prepay a principal amount of the Notes equal to the amount of the Reduction with respect to such reduction, together with interest thereon to such date and together with the Yield-Maintenance Amount, if any, with respect to each Note.  Any partial prepayment of the Notes pursuant to this paragraph 4B(3) shall be applied in satisfaction of the required payments of principal thereof (including the required payment of principal due upon the maturity thereof) in the inverse order of their scheduled due dates. (b) After the occurrence and continuation of an Event of Default and simultaneously with the making of any prepayment of the Indebtedness under the Credit Agreement prior to its regularly scheduled payment date or dates under the Credit Agreement, the Company shall prepay a principal amount of the Notes, together with accrued interest thereon and Yield-Maintenance Amount, if any, with respect thereto, in a pro rata amount calculated on the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Indebtedness under the Credit Agreement and the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes immediately prior to such prepayment.
   
50/50 Prepayments; Pro Rata Prepayments.
 
1.2.                       Paragraph 5A is amended by renumbering clauses (iii), (iv), (v) and (vi) thereof as clauses (iv), (v), (vi) and (vii), respectively, and adding a new clause (iii) thereto as follows:
 
(iii)                       as soon as practicable and in any event within 30 days after the end of each month (other than the last month of a quarterly period) in each fiscal year consolidating and consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the period from the beginning of the current fiscal year to the end of such month, and a consolidating and consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such month, setting forth in each case in comparative form figures for the corresponding period in the preceding fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and certified by an authorized financial officer of the Company, subject to changes resulting from year-end adjustments;
1.3.                       Paragraph 5J of the Note Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety as follows:
 
5J.   At all times on and after mortgages and leasehold mortgages in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Bank and the holders of the Notes securing the Senior Indebtedness (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) (the ), each in form and substance satisfactory to the Required Holders, on such real property owned or leased by the Company and its Subsidiaries as the Required Holders deem necessary in their sole discretion, each duly filed and recorded in all such places so as to perfect the liens intended to be created thereby, provided that the holders of the Notes will not require the Company to deliver or maintain any Mortgages in addition to the Mortgages then in effect to the extent that the Company has demonstrated to the holders of the Notes that the aggregate Fair Market Value of all real property subject to the Mortgages then in effect exceeds 250% of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Senior Indebtedness (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) plus any unused commitments under the Credit Agreement at such time.  No later than September 30, 2009 the Company shall submit to each holder of the Notes a proposed list of appraisers for the real property owned or leased by the Company and its Subsidiaries.  With respect to the real estate subject to each Mortgage, the Company shall have delivered to the Collateral Agent and the holders of the Notes, at or before the time such Mortgage is delivered to the Collateral Agent, (a) from a title company acceptable to the Required Holders, a prepaid mortgagee title insurance policy in form acceptable to the Required Holders, in an amount at least equal to the estimated fair market value of such real estate and the improvements thereon, insuring the lien of such mortgage with respect to such real estate as a valid, prior lien on such real estate subject only to such exceptions as shall be approved by the Required Holders and containing such endorsements as may be required by the Required Holders, (b) an ALTA/ACSM Land Title Survey with respect to such real estate, dated (or updated and recertified) as of a recent date, certified to the holders of the Notes by a land surveyor licensed in the jurisdiction in which such real estate is located, and satisfactory to the Required Holders, and (c) a Phase 1 environmental assessment, and such additional environmental assessments and reports as the Required Holders may request, satisfactory to the Required Holders, and each holder of the Notes shall be satisfied with the environmental condition of such real estate.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes on September 30, 2009 is equal to or less than $5,000,000, then the Company shall not be required to deliver a list of appraisers to the holders of the Notes on such date, and all the other provisions of this paragraph 5J, including without limitation the requirement to deliver Mortgages, shall be of no further force and effect.
   
  
Mortgages.
March 31, 2010, the Company shall have, and shall have caused its Subsidiaries to have, executed and delivered to the Collateral Agent and the holders of the Notes such
Mortgages
1.4.                       Paragraph 6A of the Note Agreement is amended in its entirety to read as follows:
6A.                     .  The Company will not permit the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio to be less than:
Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio
(i) 1.10 to 1.00 as of the last day of the fiscal quarter ending on (or nearest to) September 24, 2008, determined for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company ended as of such date;
(ii) 0.70 to 1.00 as of the last day of the fiscal quarter ending on (or nearest to) December 17, 2008, determined for the period of the one fiscal quarter of the Company ended as of such date;
(iii) 1.10 to 1.00 as of the last day of the fiscal quarter ending on (or nearest to) April 8, 2009, determined for the period of the one fiscal quarter of the Company ended as of such date;
(iv) 1.20 to 1.00 as of the last day of the fiscal quarter ending on (or nearest to) July 1, 2009, determined for the period of the one fiscal quarter of the Company ended as of such date; and
(v) 1.20 to 1.00 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter thereafter; determined for both the period of the one fiscal quarter and the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company ended as of such date.
1.5.                       Paragraph 6C(2) of the Note Agreement is amended in its entirety to read as follows:
6C(2).                .  Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Debt, :
Debt
except
(i)  Debt of any Subsidiary to the Company or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary and Debt of the Company to any Wholly-Owned Subsidiary;
   
(ii) (1) Debt of the Company under the Credit Agreement and (2) Debt of any Subsidiary under a Guarantee of Indebtedness or other obligations of the Company under the Credit Agreement, provided that such Subsidiary is party to the Guaranty Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement is in full force and effect and applicable to such Guarantee;
  
   (iii)            Debt evidenced by the Notes;
   
 
   
        (iv)  Debt of the Company or Subsidiaries evidenced by Capitalized Lease Obligations existing on September 24, 2003, in individual principal amounts not in excess of the amounts outstanding on September 24, 2003 (which principal amounts in aggregate shall be less than $150,000,000) and as identified on hereto; and
   
   
   
Schedule 6C(1)
 
  (v)   Debt of the Company or Subsidiaries in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not in excess of $20,000,000 at any time evidenced by Capitalized Lease Obligations incurred after November 21, 2009 in connection with sale-leaseback transactions; that in connection with any Transfer of assets made in any such sale leaseback transaction, the Company and its Subsidiaries have complied with the provisions of paragraph 6C(7)(iii).
   
   
  
   
provided
1.6.                       Paragraph 6C(2A) is amended in its entirety to read as follows:
6C(2A).              The Company will not permit the ratio of Total Liabilities to Tangible Net Worth to be greater than 1.10 to 1.00 at any time.
Total Liabilities to Tangible Net Worth Ratio.
1.7.                       Paragraph 6D of the Note Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety as follows:
6D.                       The Company shall not permit at any time there not to be in full force and effect a commitment by the Banks under a Credit Agreement to make revolving loans to the Company in an aggregate outstanding principal amount of up to at least $25,000,000 minus the lesser of (i) $5,000,000 and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of prepayments of the Notes made after November 21, 2008 having a scheduled termination date meeting the following requirements.  At all times before November 21, 2009, no portion of the commitment described in the preceding sentence shall at any time have a scheduled termination date prior to November 21, 2009, and at all times on or after November 21, 2009, no portion of such commitment shall at any time have a scheduled termination date prior to one year after the date of determination.
Availability under Credit Agreement.
 
1.8.                       Paragraph 7A of the Note Agreement is amended by adding or at the end of clause (xv) thereof and adding new clauses (xvi) and (xvii) thereto as follows:
 (xvi)            the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended September 24, 2008 required to be delivered pursuant to paragraph 5A(ii) shall differ in any material way from the unaudited preliminary financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such year delivered to the holders of the Notes prior to execution by such holders of the Ninth Amendment; or
   
 (xvii)            the Banks and the Company shall not have entered into an agreement on or before September 30, 2009 with the holders of the Notes pursuant to which a new collateral agent who will agree to act as Collateral Agent with respect to the Mortgages is appointed to be the Collateral Agent in replacement of the Collateral Agent as of November 21, 2008;
   
1.9.                       Paragraph 10A of the Note Agreement is amended by amending the following defined term therein in its entirety as follows:
 shall mean, with respect to the Called Principal of any Note, all payments of such Called Principal and interest thereon that would be due on or after the Settlement Date with respect to such Called Principal if no payment of such Called Principal were made prior to its scheduled due date; provided that for the purposes of calculating Remaining Schedule Payments for any Settlement Date on or before December 31, 2009, the increase in the interest rates on the Notes effected pursuant to Section 2.1 of the Ninth Amendment shall be disregarded.
Remaining Scheduled Payments
 
1.10.                       Paragraph 10B of the Note Agreement is amended by deleting the definitions of Pro Rate Share and Pro Rate Amount and by adding, or amending and restating, as applicable, the following defined terms:
shall mean, for any period, capital expenditures for such period minus an amount, if any, equal to the proceeds from any Specified Asset Sales during such period.
Adjusted Capital Expenditures
shall mean all accounts, accounts receivable, inventory, machinery, equipment, general intangibles, fixtures and all other tangible or intangible personal property of the Company and its Subsidiaries, whether now owned or hereafter acquired and whether now or hereafter existing, and any real property subject to the Mortgages.
Collateral
 
 shall mean, at any time with respect to any real property for the purposes of paragraph 5J, the fair market value at such time as determined by appraisers selected by the Company and approved by the Required Holders.  The Company shall pay all fees and expenses of any such appraisers.
Fair Market Value
 
shall mean, for any period, the ratio of (i) consolidated net income of the Company and Subsidiaries (a) plus, to the extent deducted in determining the same, interest expense, rental expense, depreciation, amortization, compensation expense to the extent related to equity-based compensation and not paid in cash, the Specified Impairment Charge and non-cash losses on Transfers of assets, and (b) minus non-cash gains on Transfers of assets to (ii) the sum of interest expense, rental expense, Adjusted Capital Expenditures, the current portion of all lease obligations and the current portion of Debt, in each case for such period (or in the case of the current portion of all lease obligations and the current portion of Debt, as of the last day of such period; provided that if the calculation of Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio is being made for a period of one fiscal quarter under clauses (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) of paragraph 6A, the current portion of all lease obligations and the current portion of Debt for such calculation shall be equal to the current portion of all lease obligations and the current portion of Debt as of the last day of such fiscal quarter, in each case, divided by four (4)).
Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio
shall mean that certain Amendment No. 9 to this Agreement dated as of November 21, 2008, among the Company, Prudential Investment Management, Inc. and the holders of the Notes.
Ninth Amendment
 
shall mean, with respect to any reduction of Indebtedness under the Credit Agreement, an amount equal to, if positive, (i) the Threshold Amount immediately prior to such reduction minus (ii) the aggregate Indebtedness outstanding under the Credit Agreement after giving effect to such reduction.
Reduction
shall mean any Transfer of assets in accordance with paragraph 6C(7)(iii).
Specified Asset Sales
 
shall mean the shareholders' equity of the Company less any allowance for goodwill, patents, trademarks, trade secrets, and any other assets which would be classified as intangible assets under generally accepted accounting principles.
Tangible Net Worth
shall mean $10,000,000, less the aggregate amount of all Reductions (without duplication).
Threshold Amount
shall mean, at any date, the aggregate principal amount of all Indebtedness of the Company at such date, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Total Liabilities
1.11.                       Schedule 6C(1) to the Note Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety as set forth on Schedule 6C(1) attached hereto.
   From and after the Effective Date, the Notes are amended as follows:
SECTION 2.
Interest Rate Increase
.  
2.1.                       Each reference 8.29% per annum in each outstanding Series G Note is changed to (i) 8.29% per annum at all times before November 21, 2008, (ii) 9.00% per annum on and after November 21, 2008 and on and before December 30, 2009 and (iii) 12.00% per annum at all times on and after December 31, 2009..
 
2.2.                       Each reference to 5.66% per annum in each outstanding Series I Note is changed to (i) 5.66% per annum at all times before November 21, 2008, (ii) 9.00% per annum on and after November 21, 2008 and on and before December 30, 2009 and (iii) 12.00% per annum at all times on and after December 31, 2009.
 
     Effective on the Effective Date, Prudential hereby waives the Existing Events of Default, provided that the Company would have been in compliance with the provisions of paragraph 6A and the provisions of paragraph 6C(2) as of the fiscal quarter of the Company ended on or about September 24, 2008 if the amendments to the Note Agreement in Section 1 hereof had been effective as of the end of such fiscal quarter.
SECTION 3.
Waiver
.
 
    The Company represents and warrants that  (a) each representation and warranty set forth in paragraph 8 of the Note Agreement is true and correct as of the date of execution and delivery of this letter by the Company with the same effect as if made on such date (except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly refer to an earlier date, in which case they were true and correct as of such earlier date); (b) after giving effect to the amendments set forth in Section 1 hereof and the waivers in Section 2 hereof, no Event of Default or Default exists or has occurred and is continuing on the date hereof, (c) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has paid or agreed to pay, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will pay or agree to pay, any fees or other consideration, including, without limitation, any guarantee, security interest or other credit enhancement, to any Bank or any other Person in connection with the waiver and amendment referenced in Section 5.2 hereof except an amendment fee to the Banks in the aggregate not to exceed $25,000, (d) attached as Schedule A hereto is a correct and complete list of all real property of the Company and its Subsidiaries which is not subject to a Lien of any kind and (e) there are presently no liens on any assets of the Company, whether real or personal, other than the liens on the personal property assets of the Company granted to the Collateral Agent, and except those liens and encumbrances permitted pursuant to paragraph 6C(1) of the Agreement. In support of the representation and warranty in the foregoing clause (e), the Company shall provide to the holders of the Notes within five (5) days of the execution of this letter a Schedule of Real Estate showing each parcel of real estate owned or leased by the Company, its address, revenues, and net operating income or loss, as the case may be. Such Schedule shall be on a form reasonably acceptable to the Required Holders.
SECTION 4
.
Representations, Warranties and Covenants
.
    This letter shall be deemed effective on the date (the ) each of the following conditions shall have been satisfied:
SECTION 5
.
Conditions Precedent
.
Effective Date
5.1.                         Prudential shall have received original counterparts or, if satisfactory to Prudential, certified or other copies of all of the following, each duly executed and delivered by the party or parties thereto, in form and substance satisfactory to Prudential, dated the Effective Date unless otherwise indicated, and on the Effective Date in full force and effect with no event having occurred and being then continuing that would constitute a default thereunder or constitute or provide the basis for the termination thereof:
Documents.
(i)            this letter;
 
(ii)           the amended and restated Series G Note, in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto, and the amended and restated Series I Notes, in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto; and
 
(iii)          such other certificates, documents and agreements as Prudential may reasonably request.
 
5.2.                       Prudential shall have received a copy of the executed waiver and amendment to Credit Agreement, extending the Revolving Loan Maturity Date therein from January 30, 2009 to January 30, 2010 and extending the date thereunder by which mortgages must be delivered to the Collateral Agent from November 21, 2008 to June 30, 2009, and otherwise in form and substance satisfactory to Prudential, and such waiver and amendment shall be in full force and effect.
Waiver and
Amendment to Credit Agreement.  
 
5.3.                       On the Effective Date, the Company shall prepay the Indebtedness outstanding under the Credit Agreement in an aggregate amount of $5,000,000, inclusive of interest thereon to the Effective Date, and prepay a principal amount of the Notes and Yield-Maintenance Amount, if any, with respect thereto, in an aggregate amount for such principal and Yield-Maintenance Amount equal to $5,000,000, inclusive of interest thereon to the Effective Date.
Prepayment of Indebtedness.  
 
5.4.                       The Company shall have paid to the holders of the Notes, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, such holders ratable portion (in proportion to the aggregate principal amount of the Notes held by such holders as of the Effective Date) of an amendment fee in the aggregate amount, for all holders of the Notes, of $20,000.
Amendment Fee.  
 
5.5.                       Without limiting the provisions of Section 6 hereof, the Company shall have paid all fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to Prudential payable by the Company invoiced as of the Effective Date.
Fees and Expenses of Counsel to Prudential.  
 
5.6.                         All corporate and other proceedings taken or to be taken in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and all documents incident thereto shall be satisfactory in substance and form to Prudential, and Prudential shall have received all such counterpart originals or certified or other copies of such documents as it may reasonably request.
Proceedings.
 
Upon execution hereof by the Company, this letter and each of the other foregoing documents should be returned to: Prudential Capital Group, Two Prudential Plaza, Suite 5600, Chicago, Illinois 60601, Attention:  Scott B. Barnett.
     Upon the effectiveness of this letter, each reference to the Note Agreement and the Notes in any other document, instrument or agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Note Agreement and the Notes as modified by this letter.  Except as specifically set forth in Sections 1 and 2 hereof, each of the Note Agreement and the Notes shall remain in full force and effect and each is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects.  The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this letter shall not be construed as a course of dealing or other implication that Prudential or any holder of any Note has agreed to or is prepared to grant any waivers or consents or agree to any amendments to the Note Agreement in the future, whether or not under similar circumstances.
SECTION 6.
Reference to and Effect on Note Agreement and Notes
.
 
     The Company hereby confirms its obligations under the Note Agreement, whether or not the transactions hereby contemplated are consummated, to pay, promptly after request by Prudential or any holder of any Note, all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses, including attorneys fees and expenses, incurred by Prudential or any holder of any Note in connection with this letter agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, in enforcing any rights under this letter, or in responding to any subpoena or other legal process or informal investigative demand issued in connection with this letter or the transactions contemplated hereby.  The obligations of the Company under this Section 7 shall survive transfer by any holder of any Note and payment of any Note.
SECTION 7.
Expenses
.
 
    Each Guarantor hereby consents to the terms and conditions of this letter and hereby ratifies and reaffirms all of its payment and performance obligations, contingent or otherwise, under the Guaranty Agreement, including without limitation, with respect to the Note Agreement as amended by this letter.  The Company hereby reaffirms its grant of liens in the Collateral under the Security Agreement and confirms that such liens continue to secure the Obligations (as defined in the Security Agreement), including without limitation, under the Note Agreement and the Notes as amended by this letter.
SECTION 8.
Reaffirmation
.
 
     The Company and the Guarantors hereby release, remise, acquit and forever discharge Prudential and their employees, agents, representatives, consultants, attorneys, fiduciaries, servants, officers, directors, partners, predecessors, successors and assigns, subsidiary corporations, parent corporations and related corporate divisions (collectively, ) from any and all actions and causes of action, judgments, executions, suits, debts, claims, demands, liabilities, obligations, damages and expenses of any and every character, known or unknown, direct and/or indirect, at law or in equity, of whatsoever kind or nature, whether heretofore or hereafter arising, for or because of any matter or thing done, omitted or suffered to be done by any Released Party prior to and including the date or execution hereof and in any way directly or indirectly arising out of or in any way connected to this letter or the Transaction Documents, including but not limited to, claims relating to any actions taken in connection with the administration of the investment evidenced by the Notes (collectively, the ).  The Company and the Guarantors acknowledge that the agreements in this Section are intended to be in full satisfaction of all or any alleged injuries or damages arising in connection with the Released Matters.  The Company and the Guarantors represent and warrant to Prudential that they have not purported to transfer, assign or otherwise convey any right, title or interest in any Released Matter to any other Person and that the foregoing constitutes a full and complete release of all Released Matters.
SECTION 9.
Release
.
Released Parties
Released Matters
 
    
SECTION 10
.
Governing Law
.
THIS LETTER SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, AND THE RIGHTS OF THE PARTIES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS (EXCLUDING ANY CONFLICTS OF LAW RULES WHICH WOULD OTHERWISE CAUSE THIS LETTER TO BE CONSTRUED OR ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, OR THE RIGHTS OF THE PARTIES TO BE GOVERNED BY, THE LAWS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION).
    This letter may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this letter by facsimile or other electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this letter.  The section titles contained in this letter are and shall be without substance, meaning or content of any kind whatsoever and are not a part of the agreement between the parties hereto.
SECTION 11.
Counterparts; Section Titles
.
[signature page follows]
Very truly yours,
PRUDENTIAL INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT, INC.
      
By:
 
/s/ David Quackenbush       
Vice President                                           
THE PRUDENTIAL INSURANCE COMPANY
     OF AMERICA
       
By:
  
/s/ David Quackenbush       
Vice President                                           
PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
By:   
/s/ David Quackenbush       
Vice President
UNITED OF OMAHA LIFE INSURANCE
COMPANY
By:         Prudential Private Placement Investors,
L.P. (as Investment Advisor)
By:          Prudential Private Placement Investors, Inc.
(as its General Partner)
By:   
/s/ David Quackenbush       
Vice President
 
Agreed and Accepted:
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
By:                                                                                   
/s/ Duane E. Geiger 
Name:                     Duane E. Geiger
Title:                       Vice President, Interim CFO
STEAK N SHAKE OPERATIONS, INC.
 
By:                                                                                     
/s/ Duane E. Geiger 
Name:                     Duane E. Geiger
Title:                       Vice President, Interim CFO of Parent
SNS INVESTMENT COMPANY
By:                                                                                     
/s/ Duane E. Geiger 
Name:                     Duane E. Geiger
Title:                       Vice President, Interim CFO
STEAK N SHAKE ENTERPRISES, INC.
 
By:                                                                                     
/s/ Duane E. Geiger 
Name:                     Duane E. Geiger
Title:                       Vice President, Interim CFO


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20081222183250.txt.gz
TIME:20081222183250
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
Item 2.02     RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION
 
For the first fiscal quarter ended December 17, 2008 comparable guest traffic and sales were as follows:
 
Comparable sales represent sales associated with only those restaurants in operation for at least eighteen months.
comparable sales constitute the main, exclusive, or most important metric to measure results. However, they call attention to long-term traffic trends as a pertinent gauge useful in evaluating the business.
believe
Management does not
 
The Company is furnishing the information contained in this report, pursuant to Item 2.02 of Form 8-K promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). This information shall not be deemed to be "filed" with the SEC or incorporated by reference into any other filing with the SEC. By filing this report on Form 8-K and furnishing this information, the Registrant makes no admission as to the materiality of any information in this report, including the Exhibits.
 
 
    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
By:
/s/ _________________________
Sardar Biglari,
Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 
Dated: December 22, 2008


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20090114144944.txt.gz
TIME:20090114144944
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[   ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[   ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[   ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[   ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Item 5.02.  Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
 
  
 On January 8, 2009, Dr. John Ryan and Mr. J. Fred Risk indicated that they have decided not to run for reelection to the Company's Board of Directors.  Their decisions were not a result of a disagreement with the Registrant or any matter related to the Registrant's operations, policies, or practices.  Dr. Ryan has served on the Board since 1996 and Mr. Risk since 1971.  
   
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
   
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
By:
/s/ Sardar Biglari
Sardar Biglari 
   
Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 
Dated: January 14, 2009


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20090126172337.txt.gz
TIME:20090126172337
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Item 2.02  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION
   
 
 On January 26, 2009, The Steak n Shake Company (the "Company") issued a Press Release announcing its fiscal year 2009 first quarter results.  The Company's earnings release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of this report.
   
 
 The Company is furnishing the information contained in this report, including the Exhibit, pursuant to Item 2.02 of Form 8-K promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC").  This information shall not be deemed to be "filed" with the SEC or incorporated by reference into any other filing with the SEC.  By filing this report on Form 8-K and furnishing this information, the Registrant makes no admission as to the materiality of any information in this report, including the Exhibits.
   
 
Item 9.01  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS
   
 
(d) Exhibits
 
99.1 Press Release, dated January 26, 2009, issued by the Company
 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
   
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
By:
/s/ Duane E. Geiger
Duane E. Geiger,
Interim Chief Financial Officer, Controller and Vice President
 
Dated: January 26, 2009

EXHIBIT 99.1
 
INDIANAPOLIS
, January 26, 2009 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE: SNS) today announced its results for its first fiscal quarter 2009, which ended December 17, 2008.
 
Selected Results from Fiscal First Quarter:
 
Fiscal
First
Quarter 2009 Results
In the first quarter of fiscal year 2009, total revenues decreased 3.5% to $131.7 million as compared to $136.4 million in the first quarter of fiscal year 2008.  The net loss for the first quarter of fiscal year 2009 was ($3.4 million), or ($0.12) per diluted share, contrasted to a net loss of ($1.2 million), or ($0.04) per diluted share in the first quarter of fiscal year 2008.  During the first quarter of fiscal year 2009, we reduced general and administrative expenses by approximately $1.5 million as compared to the same period in the previous year. We anticipate significant additional savings throughout fiscal year 2009.  As a corollary, managements intention is to strengthen further the companys balance sheet in fiscal year 2009.  Cash and cash equivalents increased by $18.8 million in 2009s first quarter, of which approximately $11 million stems from income tax refunds.  We own the land and buildings for 146 operating Steak n Shake restaurants and have an additional 33 properties for sale.  We amended our debt facilities during the quarter, including an extension of our Revolving Credit Facility to January 30, 2010, revised financial covenants, and generated relief on the requirement to provide collateral under our Senior Note Agreement. 
Net sales decreased 3.5% from $135.5 million to $130.7 million in the current quarter in part
because
Steak n Shake operated 20 fewer company-owned restaurants following the closure and refranchising of certain units after the same period in the previous year.  In addition, same
store sales decreased
1.4
%
compared with sales recorded during the same quarter in the prior year.  The reduction in same store sales was caused in part by
a
decline in guest traffic of 0.9%
as well as by a 0.5% contraction in the average guest check.  
In the current quarter, we closed one company-owned restaurant and refranchised seven company-owned restaurants to franchisees, bringing the total number of company-owned restaurants to 415 and the total number of franchised units to 75.
Management's plan is to maximize free cash flows and maintain a strong balance sheet.  We are in the early stages of a turnaround.  While we are pleased with our progress thus far, we will remain dissatisfied with our performance until, at a satisfactory rate, we generate increased customer traffic, and ultimately the per-share intrinsic value of the Company.
Annual Meeting of Shareholders
in the Vienna Ballroom50 West Washington Street, Indianapolis, Indiana.  We will send additional details in the proxy statement, which shortly will be filed and distributed.  To ensure that all interested parties are accommodated, the Company asks that shareholders, analysts, and media planning to attend to reserve a seat at .  
The Company plans to communicate with shareholders at its upcoming Annual Meeting of Shareholders set for April 3, 2009 at 1:30 p.m. E.S.T.  The meeting will take place
at the Conrad Hotel,
rsvp@steaknshake.com
 About Steak n Shake
Steak n Shake, founded in 1934, is a classic American brand, and we intend to lead and dominate the premium burger and milk shake segment of the restaurant industry.  We have chosen a focused strategy, namely, emphasizing our core  burgers, fries, milk shakes, and chili  which make up nearly 80% of our sales.  We aspire to be best-in-class in cleanliness, product, service, value, promotion, and menu.  It is critical that our food be distinctive, savory, and priced to attract higher frequency of return.
 
Risks Associated with Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements contained in this press release represent forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  In general, forward-looking statements include estimates of future revenues, cash flows, capital expenditures or other financial items, as well as assumptions underlying any of the foregoing.  Forward-looking statements reflect managements current expectations regarding future events and use words such as anticipate, believe, expect, may and other similar terminology.  A forward
-looking statement is neither a prediction nor a guarantee of future events or circumstances, and those future events or circumstances may not occur. Investors should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report.  These forward-looking statements are based on currently available operating, financial and competitive information and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Our actual future results and trends may differ materially depending on a variety of factors, many beyond our control, including, but not limited to: the poor performance or closing of even a small number of restaurants; changes in guest preferences, tastes, and dietary habits; changes in minimum wage rates and the availability and cost of qualified personnel; harsh weather conditions or losses due to casualties; unfavorable publicity relating to food safety or food-borne illness; our ability to comply with existing and future governmental regulations; our ability to adequately protect our trademarks, service marks, and other components of our brand; and other risks identified in the periodic reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that are currently deemed immaterial may also become important factors that may harm our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements except as required in our periodic reports. 
the success of our plan
to increase store traffic on a profitable basis;
competition in the restaurant industry for guests, staff, locations, and new products; 
disruptions in the overall economy and the financial markets;
our ability to comply with the restrictions and covenants to our debt agreements;
declines in the market price of our common stock, which could adversely affect our goodwill impairment analysis;
the potential to recognize additional impairment charges on our long-lived assets;
fluctuations in food commodity
and energy
prices and the availability of food commodities;
the ability of our franchisees to operate profitable restaurants;
exposure to liabilities related to the ownership and leasing of significant amounts of real estate;
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20090220165307.txt.gz
TIME:20090220165307
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Item 5.02  DEPARTURE OF DIRECTORS OR CERTAIN OFFICERS; ELECTION OF DIRECTORS; APPOINTMENT OF CERTAIN OFFICERS; COMPENSATORY ARRANGEMENTS OF CERTAIN OFFICERS
   
 
   
 
   
 On February 17, 2009, David C. Milne, the Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of The Steak n Shake Company (the Company), resigned from his positions with the Company and its affiliated entities.
   
  In conjunction with his resignation
,
Mr.
Milne entered into an agreement with the Company (the Separation Agreement), which supersedes all other severance or employment agreements.  The Company's obligations to Mr. Milne under the Separation Agreement are the same as those set forth in the First Amendment to Change in Control Benefits Agreement, dated April 22, 2008, between Mr. Milne and the Company, the form of which was attached as Exhibit 10.04 to the Companys Form 10-Q filed May 19, 2008.
 
 Under the Separation Agreement, Mr. Milne will receive as severance
   
com
pensation an amount equal to one year of his current salary, which is subject to offset by any salary Mr. Milne earns from a subsequent employer.  He may also receive a pro rata amount under a bonus plan that may be established by the Compensation Committee.  At this time there is no definitive plan in place under which a payment would be calculated.  Mr. Milne will receive coverage under the Companys group medical plans (or payment for COBRA coverage) for up to one year or until he is eligible to participate in a group health plan offered by a subsequent employer and use of a Company-owned automobile for up to 60 days or until he is provided with the use of an automobile by a subsequent employer.
 
 The foregoing is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1, and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference as part of this item.
   
 
 
Item 9.01 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS
   
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
   
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
By:
/s/ Sardar Biglari
Sardar Biglari
Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 
Dated: February 20, 2009

EXHIBIT 10.1
 
This Resignation Agreement and Complete General Release (the Agreement) is entered into effective this 16th day of February, 2009 by and between David C. Milne (Mr. Milne) and The Steak n Shake Company (SNS).
 
Mr. Milne agrees and understands that the Settlement Amount and other consideration provided pursuant to this Agreement constitute money and consideration to which he is not otherwise entitled, and he agrees that a portion of the Settlement Amount is specifically allocable to the waiver of any claims under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act and/or the Older Workers Benefits Protection Act.  Mr. Milne acknowledges that, except for the payments and other benefits contemplated by this Agreement (and any equity incentive awards fully vested as of the Resignation Date) the Company has paid him all compensation to which he is entitled in connection with his employment with SNS.
No officer or other person authorized to act on behalf of the Company with regard to such action will make any statements that would be reasonably likely to injure Mr. Milnes goodwill or reputation.  If Mr. Milne becomes aware of such a statement being made he shall notify the Companys General Counsel, who shall investigate and use his best efforts to cure any statement made in violation of this provision within five (5) business days of the receipt of such notice.
 
 
SNS hereby waives releases, discharges and holds Mr. Milne and his heirs, executors and assigns harmless from any and all complaints, causes of action and any other claims, costs, damages, expenses, liabilities, taxes, judgments, compensation, attorneys fees, or any other relief or costs arising out of Mr. Milnes employment, resignation from employment or any other relationship with SNS, whether these claims are known or unknown.
 
 
 
 
To revoke this Agreement after signing it, Mr. Milne must send written notice of revocation to the Companys General Counsel at the Companys corporate office.  For revocation to be effective, it must be received by the General Counsel no later than the close of business on the seventh day after Mr. Milne signs this Agreement.  If Mr. Milne revokes this Agreement, it shall not be effective or enforceable, Mr. Milne will not receive any of the benefits or the payments described herein and Mr. Milne shall return any payments made hereunder.
 
THIS AGREEMENT IS ENTERED INTO AS OF THE DATE ABOVE WRITTEN AND THE PARTIES AGREE TO BE BOUND TO ITS TERMS BY SIGNING BELOW:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20090312164149.txt.gz
TIME:20090312164149
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Item 2.02  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION
   
 
 On March 12, 2009, The Steak n Shake Company (the "Company") issued a Press Release announcing its comparable store traffic and sales thus far in its second quarter of fiscal year 2009.  The Company's release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of this report.
   
 
   
Item 8.01  OTHER EVENTS
   
 
 On March 12, 2009, the Company issued a Press Release announcing that its upcoming Annual Meeting of Shareholders is now set for April 24, 2009 at 1:30 p.m. E.S.T.  The Company's release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of this report.
   
 
 
   
Item 9.01  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS
   
 
(d) Exhibits
 
99.1 Press Release, dated March 12, 2009, issued by the Company.
 
 
 The Company is furnishing the information contained in this report, including the Exhibit, pursuant to Items 2.02, 8.01, and 9.01 of Form 8-K promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC").  This information shall not be deemed to be "filed" with the SEC or incorporated by reference into any other filing with the SEC.  By filing this report on Form 8-K and furnishing this information, the Registrant makes no admission as to the materiality of any information in this report, including the Exhibit.
   
 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
   
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
By:
/s/ Sardar Biglari
Sardar Biglari
Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 
Dated: March 12, 2009

EXHIBIT 99.1
 
 
 
 
INDIANAPOLIS, March 12, 2009 -- The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE: - ) today announced its comparable store traffic and sales thus far in its second quarter of fiscal 2009, which will end on April 8, 2009.  (There are four periods in the second quarter.)
SNS
News
Quarter-to-Date (December 18, 2008-March 11, 2009)
Customer Traffic +6.2%
Same Store Sales +1.8%
(Comparable store sales represent sales associated with only those restaurants in operation for at least eighteen months.)
Management does not believe comparable store sales constitute the main, exclusive, or most important metric to measure results. However, these numbers call attention to long-term traffic trends as a pertinent gauge useful in evaluating the business. Thus far, management is pleased with its progress in its efforts to turn around the company. Notwithstanding, managements long-term goal is to sustain increases in customer traffic along with maximizing free cash flow  to attain its ultimate objective, maximizing the per-share intrinsic value of the company.
 
Annual Meeting of Shareholders
 
The company plans to communicate with shareholders at its upcoming Annual Meeting of Shareholders now set for April 24, 2009 at 1:30 p.m. E.S.T. (Previously, the date was April 3, 2009.) The meeting will take place in the Vienna Ballroom at the Conrad Hotel, 50 West Washington Street, Indianapolis, Indiana. The company will send additional details in the proxy statement, which shortly will be filed and distributed. To ensure that all interested parties are accommodated, the company asks that shareholders, analysts, and media planning to attend reserve a seat at .
rsvp@steaknshake.com
 
About Steak n Shake
 
Steak n Shake, founded in 1934, is a classic American brand, serving premium burgers and milkshakes through its chain of 490 restaurants.
 
 
 
Forward Looking Statements
 
This news release may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other federal securities laws. These statements which may concern anticipated future results are based on current expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ markedly from those projected or discussed here. Steak n Shake cautions readers not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, for actual results may differ materially from expectations. Steak n Shake does not undertake to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements even if experience or future changes make it clear that any projected results expressed or implied therein will not be realized. Further information on the types of factors that could affect Steak n Shake and its business can be found in the companys filings with the SEC.
 
Contact: Duane Geiger
(317) 633-4100


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20090317105758.txt.gz
TIME:20090317105758
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
On March 16, 2009, Directors Edward W. Wilhelm and Steven M. Schmidt indicated their decisions to not stand for re-election at the 2009 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.  Their decisions were not a result of a disagreement with the Registrant or any matter related to the Registrants operations, policies, or practices.  Mr. Wilhelm has served as a Director since 2006 and Mr. Schmidt since 2005.
 
 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
   
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
By:
/s/ Sardar Biglari
Sardar Biglari
Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 
Dated: March 17, 2009


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20090320170138.txt.gz
TIME:20090320170138
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 This amendment provides additional information on the Registrants Board of Directors to that first reported in the Form 8-K filed March 17, 2009.
   
 
 On March 16, 2009, Director John W. Ryan, who had previously indicated his intention not to seek re-election, agreed to stand for re-election at the 2009 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.  Dr. Ryan has been a director since 1996.
   
 
 On March 17, 2009, Director Wayne L. Kelley indicated that he would not stand for re-election at the 2009 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.  His decision was not a result of a disagreement with the Registrant or any matter related to the Registrants operations, policies, or practices.  Mr. Kelley has been a Director since 2003.
   
 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
   
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
By:
/s/ Sardar Biglari
Sardar Biglari
Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 
Dated: March 20, 2009


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20090326161247.txt.gz
TIME:20090326161247
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
Effective March 22, 2009, Wayne L. Kelley resigned as a Director of The Steak n Shake Company (the Company).  Mr. Kelley previously had indicated that he would not stand for re-election at the Companys 2009 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Annual Meeting).  Mr. Kelley had been a Director since 2003.
 
Mr. Kelleys resignation was communicated to the Board of Directors in a letter dated March 22, 2009 (the Resignation Letter).  
The Resignation Letter is filed as Exhibit 17.1 to this Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated into this Item 5.02 by reference.  The Company disagrees with Mr. Kelleys position as expressed in the Resignation Letter.  Other than the issues raised in the Resignation Letter, there were no stated disagreements by Mr. Kelley with the Company on any matter relating to the Companys operations, policies or practices which led to Mr. Kelleys resignation.  
 Mr. Kelley has been provided with a copy of this Report on Form 8-K.  Should he submit a letter to the Company expressing any disagreement with the disclosures made herein, the Company will promptly file a copy of such letter, in accordance with the applicable rules under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
   
 
          
(d)
Exhibits.
The following exhibits are filed with this report:
            March 22, 2009
17.1
Letter from Wayne Kelley dated
.
 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
   
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
By:
/s/ Sardar Biglari
Sardar Biglari
Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 
Dated: March 26, 2009
 

EXHIBIT 17.1
 
 
   
Gentlemen and Ruth,
            Over the last several months, I have thought about the wisdom of remaining on the board of directors of The Steak n Shake Company a number of times.  Obviously, I have very strong feelings for the company and its iconic brands.  However, as time has gone on, I have felt that my contributions, as well as those of other board members, have not been welcomed or appreciated.  I have also thought that the advice of board members has not been sought, either before or after major decisions affecting the company.  In my various corporate experiences over the years that I have been involved in business, both as an officer and as CEO, Chairman and/or a board member, I have expected (either as a participant or as the person more in control) that there would be an active interaction between the leaders of a companys management and its board of directors.  There was to be a partnership in developing and monitoring the companys vision and goals.  Unfortunately, I do not find that to be the case with the current situation at The Steak n Shake Company.
            In my opinion, the current leadership of the Steak n Shake Company is less interested in the company and the brand than in the leadership itself.  I also believe that although our current chairman and CEO espoused openness and transparency, the opposite has been the case.  The board has not been actively involved in developing the vision and strategy of the business, but rather has been informed about it belatedly.  This is a public company; it is not a company that is controlled by one or a few individuals.  It would seem that the best way to proceed would be to solicit informed opinions, even if they were not consistent with the person or people in charge.
            Since, in my opinion, there does not appear to be any desire to appreciate or be receptive to other points of view on the board of directors than the current Steak n Shake chairmans position, I am hereby resigning from the board of directors of The Steak n Shake Company effective on Sunday, March 22, 2009.
             I would conclude by wishing my best to a brand that is very close to my heart.
                                                                                       Respectfully,
                                                                                       Wayne L. Kelley


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20090413170701.txt.gz
TIME:20090413170701
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 For the second fiscal quarter ended April 8, 2009 customer traffic and same-store sales were as follows:
   
 
 
(Same-store sales represent sales associated with only those restaurants in operation for at least eighteen months.) 
 
 
 Management does not believe same-store sales constitute the main, exclusive, or most important metric to measure results.  However, these numbers call attention to long-term traffic trends as a pertinent gauge useful in evaluating the business.
   
 
 The Company is furnishing the information contained in this report, pursuant to Item 2.02 of Form 8-K promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC").  This information shall not be deemed to be "filed" with the SEC or incorporated by reference into any other filing with the SEC.  By filing this report on Form 8-K and furnishing this information, the Registrant makes no admission as to the materiality of any information in this report.
   
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
   
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
By:
/s/ Sardar Biglari
Sardar Biglari
Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 
Dated: April 13, 2009


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20090427154332.txt.gz
TIME:20090427154332
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 On April 24, 2009, The Steak n Shake Company (the "Company") issued a Press Release announcing its fiscal year 2009 second quarter results.  The Company's earnings release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of this report.
   
 
 
 
 On April 24, 2009, Sardar Biglari was appointed to the office of President.  He also serves as the Company's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 
   
 
 Also on April 24, 2009, Philip L. Cooley was appointed Vice Chairman of the Company.  Dr. Cooley has served as a director since March 2008.
   
 
 
 
(d)  Exhibits
   
 
 
 The Company is furnishing the information contained in this report, including the Exhibit, pursuant to Items 2.02 and 9.01 of Form 8-K promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC").  This information shall not be deemed to be "filed" with the SEC or incorporated by reference into any other filing with the SEC.  By filing this report on Form 8-K and furnishing this information, the Registrant makes no admission as to the materiality of any information in this report, including the Exhibit.
   
 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
   
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
By:
/s/ Duane E. Geiger
Duane E. Geiger,
Interim Chief Financial Officer, Controller and Vice President
 
Dated: April 27, 2009

EXHIBIT 99.1
 
INDIANAPOLIS
, April 24, 2009 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE: SNS) today announced its results for its second fiscal quarter 2009, which ended April 8, 2009.
Fiscal
Second
Quarter 2009 Results
Net earnings for the second quarter of fiscal year 2009 were $2.3 million, or $0.08 per diluted share, contrasted to a net loss of ($2.8 million), or ($0.10) per diluted share in the second quarter of fiscal year 2008.  operated 21 fewer
Quarterly same-
store sales
in
creased
2.4
%
due to
a
n
 
increase
in guest traffic of
7.8
%
, offset by a 5.4% contraction in the average guest check.  Net sales decreased 0.7% from $189.3 million to $188.0 million in the current quarter
because
Steak n Shake
company-owned restaurants following the closure and refranchising of certain units after the same period in the previous year.
At the end of the second quarter, cash and cash equivalents stood at $35.0 million.  The revolving line of credit and senior note balances totaled $29.0 million at the end of the quarter.  Steak n Shake owns the land and buildings for 145 operating Steak n Shake restaurants and has an additional 31 properties for sale.  
In the current quarter, Steak n Shake operated 415 company-owned restaurants and a franchisee closed one restaurant, bringing the total number of franchised units to 74.
Management's long-term goal is to sustain increases in customer traffic along with maximizing free cash flow -- to attain its ultimate objective, maximizing the per-share intrinsic value of the company.
 
Fiscal
Year
2009 Results
(Year-to-date)
Year-to-date net loss through the second quarter of fiscal year 2009 was ($1.2 million), or $(0.04) per diluted share, contrasted to a net loss of ($4.0 million), or ($0.14) per diluted share for the same period a year ago.  operated fewer
Yearto-date same-
store sales
in
creased
0.9
%
.  Net sales decreased 1.9% from $324.8 million to $318.7 million in the current year because Steak n Shake
company-owned restaurants following the closure and refranchising of certain units after the same period in the previous year.
Annual Meeting of Shareholders
at 1:30 p.m. E.S.T.  The meeting will take place in the Vienna Ballroom at the Conrad Hotel, 50 West Washington Street, Indianapolis, Indiana.
The
c
ompany plans to communicate
the aforementioned information
with shareholders
today
at its Annual Meeting of Shareholders
About Steak n Shake
Steak n Shake, founded in 1934, is a classic American brand, serving premium burgers and milkshakes through its chain of 489 restaurants.
Risks Associated with Forward-Looking Statements
This news release may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other federal securities laws.  These statements which may concern anticipated future results are based on current expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ markedly from those projected or discussed here.  Steak n Shake cautions readers not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, for actual results may differ materially from expectations.  Steak n Shake does not undertake to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements even if experience or future changes make it clear that any projected results expressed or implied therein will not be realized.  Further information on the types of factors that could affect Steak n Shake and its business can be found in the companys filings with the SEC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20090619140515.txt.gz
TIME:20090619140515
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20090625162146.txt.gz
TIME:20090625162146
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers	Other Events
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM: Other Events


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20090707160537.txt.gz
TIME:20090707160537
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 For the third fiscal quarter ended July 1, 2009 customer traffic and same-store sales were as follows:
   
 
 
 (Same-store sales represent sales associated with only those restaurants in operation for at least eighteen months.) 
   
 
 
 Management does not believe same-store sales constitute the main, exclusive, or most important metric to measure results.  However, these numbers call attention to long-term traffic trends as a pertinent gauge useful in evaluating the business.
   
 
 The Company is furnishing the information contained in this report, pursuant to Item 2.02 of Form 8-K promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC").  This information shall not be deemed to be "filed" with the SEC or incorporated by reference into any other filing with the SEC.  By filing this report on Form 8-K and furnishing this information, the Registrant makes no admission as to the materiality of any information in this report.
   
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
   
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
By:
/s/ Sardar Biglari
Sardar Biglari
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 
Dated: July 7, 2009


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20090710160800.txt.gz
TIME:20090710160800
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
   
 Effective July 8, 2009, The Steak n Shake Company (the Company) entered into an Eleventh Amendment to its Credit Agreement with Fifth Third Bank.  The Eleventh Amendment modifies covenants contained in the Credit Agreement to permit the Company to use up to $10.0 million of surplus cash to make investments of any lawful nature, so long as no event of default exists.  A copy of the Eleventh Amendment is included as Exhibit 10.1 to this Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated into this Item 1.01 by reference.
   
 
 
 
 Prior to execution of the Eleventh Amendment, the Companys Board of Directors approved resolutions granting the Companys Chief Executive Officer, Sardar Biglari, full power and authority to make all investment and capital allocation decisions on behalf of the Company.  
   
 
 
 
 
(d)Exhibits
  
 
 The following exhibit is filed with this report:
   
 
 
 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
   
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
By:
/s/ Sardar Biglari
Sardar Biglari
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 
Dated: July 10, 2009

Exhibit 10.1
, an Indiana corporation (the Company) and a Michigan banking corporation, formerly known as Fifth Third Bank (Central Indiana) and as Fifth Third Bank, Indiana (Central) (the Bank), being parties to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of November 16, 2001, as previously amended (collectively, the Agreement), agree to further amend the Agreement by this Eleventh Amendment to Credit Agreement (this Amendment) as follows.
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
FIFTH THIRD BANK,
1.           .  All defined terms used herein not otherwise defined in this Amendment shall have their respective meanings set forth in the Agreement.  In addition, the following new definition is hereby added to Section 1 of the Agreement as follows:
DEFINITIONS
2.           .  Section 6(e) of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows:
PERMITTED INVESTMENTS
  3.             In order to induce the Bank to enter into this Amendment, the Company affirms that the representations and warranties contained in the Agreement are correct as of the date of this Amendment, except that (i) they shall be deemed to also refer to this Amendment as well as all documents named herein and, (ii)  Section 3(d)  of  the Agreement  shall be deemed also to refer to the most recent audited and unaudited financial statements of the Company delivered to the Bank.  The Company further represents and warrants that there are presently no liens on any assets of the Company, whether real or personal, other than the liens on the personal property assets of the Company granted to the Bank.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.
4.           .  The Company certifies to the Bank that no Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default under the Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, has occurred and is continuing as of the date of this Amendment, except as are waived herein.
EVENTS OF DEFAULT
5.           .  As conditions precedent to the effectiveness of this Amendment, the Bank shall have received the following contemporaneously with execution and delivery of this Amendment, each duly executed, dated and in form and substance satisfactory to the Bank:
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
6.             The Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, supersedes all previous agreements and commitments made or issued by the Bank with respect to the Loans and all other subjects of this Amendment, including, without limitation, any oral or written proposals which may have been made or issued by the Bank.
PRIOR AGREEMENTS
.
7.             The provisions contained herein shall serve to supplement and amend the provisions of the Agreement.  To the extent that the terms of this Amendment conflict with the terms of the Agreement, the provisions of this Amendment shall control in all respects.
EFFECT OF AMENDMENT
.
8.           .  Except as expressly amended by this Amendment, all of the terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect as originally written and as previously amended.
REAFFIRMATION
9.            This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which when taken together shall be one and the same agreement.
COUNTERPARTS
.  
, the Company and the Bank have executed and delivered in Indiana this Eleventh Amendment Credit Agreement by their respective duly authorized officers as of July 8, 2009.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
a Michigan banking corporation, formerly known as Fifth Third Bank (Central Indiana), and Fifth Third Bank, Indiana (Central)
FIFTH THIRD BANK,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20090813171414.txt.gz
TIME:20090813171414
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[X] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
 On August 10, 2009, The Steak n Shake Company (the "Company") issued a Press Release announcing its fiscal year 2009 third quarter results.  The Company's earnings release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of this report.
   
 
 
 
On August 13, 2009, the Company and Western Sizzlin Corporation ("Western") jointly anounced the execution of a non-binding Letter of Intent relating to a proposed merger of Western into a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.  The joint press release is attached as Exhibit 99.2.
   
 
The information being furnished in this report (including Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2) are furnised pursuant to Items 2.02 and 7.01 and shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and unless expressly set forth by specific reference in such filings, shall not be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
   
 
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
By:
/s/ Duane E. Geiger
Duane E. Geiger,
Interim Chief Financial Officer, Controller and Vice President
 
Dated: August 13, 2009

EXHIBIT 99.1
 
INDIANAPOLIS
, August 10, 2009 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE: SNS) announces its results for its third fiscal quarter 2009, which ended July 1, 2009. 
Net earnings for the third quarter of fiscal year 2009 were $3.8 million, or $0.13 per diluted share, contrasted to a net loss of ($9.8 million), or ($0.35) per diluted share in the third quarter of fiscal year 2008.  Last year's
third quarter loss included $8.7 million, or $0.31 per diluted share, net of tax impairment charges related to underperforming restaurants.  
 
Steak n Shake now operates as a holding company with its primary business activities conducted through Steak n Shake Operations, Inc. The companys prime objective centers on maximizing its per-share intrinsic value. Thus, the company may pursue investments in the form of acquisitions, joint ventures, and partnerships either related or unrelated to its ongoing business activities. All investment and capital allocation decisions are made by Sardar Biglari, the companys Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 
 
Fiscal
Year
2009 Results
(Year-to-date)
Year-to-date net earnings through the third quarter of fiscal year 2009 was $2.6 million, or $0.09 per diluted share, contrasted to a net loss of ($13.8 million), or ($0.49) per diluted share for the same period a year ago.  Last year's third quarter year to date loss included $8.7 million, or $0.31 per diluted share, net of tax impairment charges related to underperforming restaurants.
About The Steak n Shake Company
 
Steak n Shake is a holding company. Its primary restaurant operation is conducted through Steak n Shake Operations, Inc. The Steak n Shake restaurant chain, founded in 1934, is a classic American brand serving premium burgers and milkshakes through its chain of 486 restaurants.
 
Risks Associated with Forward-Looking Statements
.
This news release may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other federal securities laws.  These statements which may concern anticipated future results are based on current expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ markedly from those projected or discussed here.  Steak n Shake cautions readers not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, for actual results may differ materially from expectations.  Steak n Shake does not undertake to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements even if experience or future changes make it clear that any projected results expressed or implied therein will not be realized.  Further information on the types of factors that could affect Steak n Shake and its business can be found in the companys filings with the SEC
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

EXHIBIT 99.2
 
INDIANAPOLIS and ROANOKE, Va., Aug. 13 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- The Steak n Shake Company (SNS) (NYSE: SNS), and Western Sizzlin Corporation (Western) (Nasdaq: WEST), today jointly announced the execution of a non-binding Letter of Intent relating to a proposed merger of Western into a wholly-owned subsidiary of SNS.  The Letter of Intent was negotiated between special committees of the boards of directors of both companies both of which were composed entirely of independent directors.
 
The Letter of Intent contemplates that on or prior to closing Western will distribute to its stockholders all of the SNS shares beneficially owned by Western. Further, under the terms of the Letter of Intent, the consideration payable to Westerns stockholders will be based on a net transaction valuation of approximately $22,959,000.00. At closing, each share of Westerns common stock would be converted into the right to receive an amount equal to approximately $8.11 in the principal amount of debentures issued by SNS.  It is anticipated that the SNS debentures will have a term of five (5) years, will bear interest at the rate of 14 percent per annum and will be pre-payable without penalty at the option of SNS after one (1) year from the date of issuance.
 
The closing of the transaction is subject to certain conditions, including negotiation and execution of definitive documentation and the satisfactory completion of the parties due diligence. In addition to definitive documentation, the consummation of a transaction would be subject to final approval by the parties' boards of directors and approval by Westerns stockholders, and the satisfaction of any conditions to closing set forth in the definitive documentation. There can be no assurance that a merger will be consummated or, if consummated, that the terms set forth in the definitive documentation will be consistent with the current expectations of SNS and Western, as contemplated by the terms of the letter of intent.
 
ABOUT THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
Steak n Shake is a holding company.  Its primary restaurant operation is conducted through Steak n Shake Operations Inc.  The Steak n Shake restaurant chain, founded in 1934, is a classic American brand serving premium burgers and milkshakes through its chain of 486 restaurants.
 
ABOUT WESTERN SIZZLIN CORPORATION
 
Western Sizzlin Corporation is a holding company which owns a number of subsidiaries, with its primary business activities conducted through Western Sizzlin Franchise Corporation and Western Sizzlin Stores, Inc, which franchise and operate restaurants.
 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
 
This news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other federal securities laws and are intended to be covered by the safe harbors created thereby.  These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ markedly from those projected or discussed here.  Steak n Shake and Western Sizzlin caution readers not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, for actual results may differ materially from expectations.  Neither company undertakes to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements even if experience or future changes make it clear that any projected results expressed or implied will not be realized.  Further information concerning the types of factors that could impact the companies businesses can be found in their filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.
 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE TRANSACTION
 
If a definitive agreement is reached with respect to the transaction outlined in the Letter of Intent, SNS plans to file a registration statement with the SEC with respect to the debentures and Western plans to file a proxy statement with the SEC with respect to a special meeting of stockholders.  Stockholders of the companies are urged to read the registration statement and proxy statement carefully when they become available because they will contain important information about SNS, Western, the transaction and related matters.  Stockholders will be able to obtain free copies of the registration statement and proxy statement and other documents filed with the SEC through the SEC's web site at www.sec.gov.  In addition, stockholders will be able to obtain free copies of the registration statement and proxy statement from SNS and Western, as applicable.
 
PARTICIPANTS IN THE SOLICITATION
 
Western and its directors and officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies to Westerns stockholders in connection with a proposed merger and related transactions involving Western and SNS.  A list of the names of those directors and officers and a description of their interests in Western is contained in Westerns definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A with respect to its 2009 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which was filed with the SEC on July 15, 2009, and will also be contained in Westerns proxy statement relating to a proposed merger when it becomes available.  Westerns stockholders may obtain additional information about the direct and indirect interests of the participants in the acquisition, by security holdings or otherwise, by reading Westerns proxy statement and other materials to be filed with the SEC when such information becomes available.
 
 
 
        
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20090826160623.txt.gz
TIME:20090826160623
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
On August 25, 2009, Omar Janjua, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, announced his resignation effective September 5, 2009.
 
 
 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
   
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
By: 
/s/ Duane E. Geiger                    
Duane E. Geiger
Interim Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Controller
 
Dated: August 26, 2009
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20090930160622.txt.gz
TIME:20090930160622
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On September 30, 2009, Steak n Shake Operations, Inc., an Indiana corporation (the Company), entered into a Credit Agreement with Fifth Third Bank. The Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Steak n Shake Company (the Registrant).
 
The Credit Agreement (the Agreement) extends to the Company a $20 million revolving credit facility available for working capital and general corporate purposes. The new credit facility matures on February 15, 2011. The Agreement replaces the Registrants previous $20 million credit facility with Fifth Third Bank, amended July 8, 2009, which was due to expire in January 2010. The Registrant did not incur any early termination penalties on the cessation of the previous credit facility. The outstanding balance on the concluded facility has been assumed under the Agreement.
 
Outstanding borrowings under the Agreement generally will bear interest at the London Interbank Offered Rate plus 2.75%. To secure its obligations under the new credit facility, the Company has granted to Fifth Third Bank a security interest in its deposit accounts, accounts receivable, inventory, equipment, general intangibles, chattel paper, software, and all other personal property.
 
The Registrant and two of its other subsidiaries  Steak n Shake Enterprises, Inc., an Indiana corporation, and Steak n Shake, LLC, an Indiana limited liability company, each has agreed to guarantee the Companys obligations under the Agreement. If the Companys audited consolidated financial statements for the Companys fiscal year ending September 30, 2009 show no material adverse change in the Companys financial condition or prospects, Fifth Third Bank has agreed to release the Registrants guaranty upon receipt of audited financial statements of the Company. The obligations of each of the guarantors are secured by a security interest on substantially all of the guarantors personal property.
 
Because the Registrant now operates as a holding company, the purpose of the new agreement is to limit (upon the receipt of audited financial statements of the Company) the obligation of the revolving credit facility at the subsidiary level. The Registrant, which is the parent company, will no longer be subject to prior limitations on its investments.
 
The aforementioned description of the Agreement does not constitute a complete summary of its terms and conditions. Reference is made to the complete text of the Credit Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1. A copy of the Credit Agreement is filed as an exhibit to this report and is incorporated by reference in Items 1.01, 1.02, and 2.03.
 
 
The disclosure provided in Item 1.01 of this Form 8-K is hereby incorporated by reference in this Item 1.02.
 
 
The disclosure provided in Item 1.01 of this Form 8-K is hereby incorporated by reference in this Item 2.03.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
 
Dated: September 30, 2009

 
 
 
 
i
 
 
 
ii
 
 
 
iii
 
 
 
34
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20091023170450.txt.gz
TIME:20091023170450
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On October 22, 2009, The Steak n Shake Company (SNS), entered into an agreement with Western Sizzlin Corporation (Western) to acquire 100% of the outstanding equity interests of Western, pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger between SNS, Grill Acquisition Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of SNS, and Western, dated as of October 22, 2009 (the Merger Agreement).
 
As permitted by the Merger Agreement, Western on October 22, 2009, declared a special dividend payable to Western stockholders in the form of 1,322,806 shares of SNS common stock presently beneficially owned by an investment subsidiary of Western.
 
SNS and Western issued a joint press release on October 22, 2009 announcing the execution of the Merger Agreement and the special dividend.  A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.
 
Subject to approval of the merger by the stockholders of Western and satisfaction or waiver of the other conditions specified in the Merger Agreement, SNS will be obligated to issue, in exchange for each outstanding share of Western common stock that Western's stockholders own immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, a pro rata portion of a new issue, not exceeding $22,959,000 in aggregate principal amount, of 14% redeemable subordinated debentures.   Interest on the debentures would be payable semiannually, and the principal of the debentures would be due in a single installment on the fifth anniversary of the closing of the merger.   SNS may, at its option, redeem the debentures, in whole or in part, without premium or penalty, on or after the date that is the first anniversary of the date of issuance at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the debentures to be redeemed, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption. The aggregate principal amount of these debentures is subject to reduction on account of certain potential tax contingencies that could arise in connection with the Western special dividend that will be resolved as of the date of distribution of that dividend.
 
SNS currently expects to complete the merger in the fourth calendar quarter of 2009 or the first calendar quarter of 2010, subject to receipt of Western stockholder approval and the satisfaction or waiver of other closing conditions.  However, no assurance can be given as to when, or if, the merger will occur.  SNS stockholders are not required to adopt the Merger Agreement or approve the merger or the issuance of the debentures in connection with the merger.
 
SNS and Western are closely related by certain common directors, certain common executive officers, and certain common shareholders, and by the beneficial ownership by Western and affiliates of Western of more than five percent of the outstanding common stock of SNS.   Western has advised SNS that three directors of Western (Sardar Biglari, Philip L. Cooley and Jonathan Dash), and John K. H. Linnartz (whom Western has advised SNS is the beneficial owner of approximately 2.3% of the Western's common stock), (a) exercise voting control over an aggregate of 1,243,319 shares of Western's common stock, or approximately 43.8% of its currently outstanding common stock, based upon Western's review of filings made by such persons with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) to date, and (b) are members of a group, within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act, along with Western, that beneficially owns an aggregate of 2,753,155 share of SNSs common stock, or approximately 9.6% of SNS's currently outstanding common stock, which includes the 1,322,806 shares of SNS that are owned by an investment subsidiary of Western that will be distributed by Western to Western's stockholders in the special dividend described above.  Additionally, Mr. Biglari is the Chairman of the SNS board of directors and its President and Chief Executive Officer and is the Chairman of the Western board of directors and its President and Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Cooley is a director of SNS and Vice Chairman of its board of directors and a director of Western and Vice Chairman of its Board of Directors. In recognition of these close relationships, the Merger Agreement was negotiated between special committees of the boards of directors of SNS and Western, each of which was  composed entirely of directors that had no such relationships.
 
The Merger Agreement includes representations and warranties of the parties thereto, which were made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties and not necessarily as a means of establishing facts.  Those representations and warranties accordingly are not meant to be relied upon by the investing public in connection with investment decisions with respect to securities issued by any of the parties hereto.  Investors are cautioned that (a) the Merger Agreement may have different standards of materiality than standards of materiality under applicable securities laws; (b) some of the representations and warranties contained in the Merger Agreement are qualified by reference to confidential disclosure schedules that contain some nonpublic information; and (c) facts may change after the date of the Merger Agreement.
 
 
 
In addition, the Merger Agreement includes certain covenants of the parties that restrict in certain respects their freedom to operate outside of the ordinary course of business, and provisions for termination of the Merger Agreement by the parties thereto (or by either of the parties thereto) which, under certain circumstances, may require one party to pay the other party a termination fee in amounts specified by the Merger Agreement.
 
The description of the Merger Agreement in this Current Report on Form 8-K is qualified in its entirety by the terms of the Merger Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and is hereby incorporated by reference.
 
Additional Information Concerning The Transaction
 
SNS plans to file a registration statement and related transaction statement on Schedule 13E-3 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") with respect to the merger.  The registration statement will include Western's proxy statement for the special meeting of its stockholders to consider the merger and SNS's prospectus with respect to the debentures.  INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AND PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS CAREFULLY WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT SNS, WESTERN, THE TRANSACTION AND RELATED MATTERS.  Investors will be able to obtain free copies of the registration statement and proxy statement/prospectus, when available, and other documents filed by SNS and Western with the SEC through the SEC's web site at www.sec.gov.  In addition, Western stockholders will be able to obtain free copies of the registration statement, proxy statement/prospectus and transaction statement, when available, from Western by directing such requests to Western, attention: Investor Relations, 401 Albemarle Ave SE, Roanoke, Virginia 24013, telephone at (540) 345-3195.
 
Participants In The Solicitation
 
SNS, Western and Western's directors and officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from Western's stockholders in connection with the proposed merger involving SNS and Western.  Information regarding Western's directors and officers and a description of their interests in Western is contained in Western's definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A with respect to its 2009 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which was filed with the SEC on July 15, 2009, and will also be contained in the proxy statement/prospectus relating to the proposed merger when it becomes available.   Western's stockholders may obtain additional information about the direct and indirect interests of the participants in the acquisition, by security holdings or otherwise, by reading the proxy statement/prospectus and other materials to be filed with the SEC when such information becomes available.
 
Risks Associated With Forward-Looking Statements
 
This report including the news release incorporated by reference herein contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other federal securities laws and are intended to be covered by the safe harbors created thereby.  These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ markedly from those projected or discussed here.  SNS and Western caution readers not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, for actual results may differ materially from expectations.  Neither company undertakes to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements even if experience or future changes make it clear that any projected results expressed or implied will not be realized.  Further information concerning the types of factors that could impact the companies' businesses can be found in their filings with the SEC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
Duane E. Geiger
Interim Chief Financial Officer, Vice President, and Controller
Dated: October 23, 2009
 
 
 

EXECUTION VERSION
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
i
 
 
ii
iii
 
Exhibit A       Certificate of Merger
 
Exhibit B        Form of Debenture
 
Exhibit C        Form of Indenture
 
Exhibit D        Surviving Corporation Charter
 
Exhibit E         List of Company Stockholders Subject to Voting Agreements
 
Exhibit F         Form of Voting Agreement
 
Exhibit G         Form of Legal Opinion (Olshan)
 
Exhibit H         Form of Legal Opinion (Ice Miller)
 
iv
 
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of October 22, 2009 (this ), by and among The Steak n Shake Company, an Indiana corporation (), Grill Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (), and Western Sizzlin Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the ).
Agreement
Parent
Merger Sub
Company
 
 
WHEREAS, the Company Board (as defined herein), acting upon the unanimous recommendation of the Company Special Committee (as defined herein), has approved this Agreement and declared that it is advisable and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders (a) for the Company to effect the Parent Share Distribution (as defined herein) and (b) for Merger Sub to merge with and into the Company (the ), in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the ) and upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, such that the Company would continue as the surviving corporation in the Merger and become a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent, and has resolved to recommend that this Agreement be adopted and the Merger be approved by the Company Stockholders (as defined herein);
Merger
DGCL
 
WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of Parent, acting upon the unanimous recommendation of the Parent Special Committee (as defined herein), and the Board of Directors of Merger Sub have each determined that it is in the best interests of Parent and Merger Sub, respectively, and in the best interests of the stockholders of Parent and Merger Sub, respectively, to consummate the Merger upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, and have approved this Agreement and the Merger;
 
WHEREAS, subject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of all conditions to the Merger set forth in this Agreement, Merger Sub and the Company shall execute a Certificate of Merger substantially in the form attached hereto as (the ) and effectuate the Merger by filing the Certificate of Merger in accordance with the DGCL;
Exhibit A
Certificate of Merger
 
WHEREAS, Parent, Merger Sub and the Company desire to make certain representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in connection with the Merger and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and also to prescribe various conditions to the Merger as specified herein; and
 
WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and as a condition to the willingness of Parent and Merger Sub to enter into this Agreement, the Company Stockholders (as defined herein) listed on attached hereto are entering into voting agreements (the ) with Parent in the form attached hereto as , pursuant to which, among other things, such Company Stockholders will agree in accordance with the terms of the Voting Agreements to vote all of their shares of Common Stock in favor of adopting and approving this Agreement at the Stockholders Meeting (as defined herein) or any postponement or adjournment thereof.
Exhibit E
Voting Agreements
Exhibit F
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, and subject to the conditions set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby, Parent, Merger Sub and the Company hereby agree as follows:
 
1
 
SECTION 1.01.      .
Definitions
 
      For purposes of this Agreement:
(a)
 
 shall mean the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
1940 Act
 
 means any bona fide inquiry, proposal or offer from any Person or group of Persons (other than as contemplated by this Agreement) relating to, or that would reasonably be expected to lead to, (i) any direct or indirect acquisition or purchase, in one transaction or a series of transactions, of (A) assets or businesses of the Company or its Subsidiaries that constitute 15% or more of the revenues, net income or assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (B) securities representing 15% or more of any class of equity securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (ii) any tender offer or exchange offer that, if consummated, would result in any Person beneficially owning 15% or more of any class of equity securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; or (iii) any merger, consolidation, business combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution, joint venture, binding share exchange or similar transaction involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to which any Person or the stockholders or other equity holders of any Person would own 15% or more of any class of equity securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or of any resulting parent company of the Company.
Acquisition Proposal
 
 shall mean the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended.
Advisers Act
 
  of a specified Person means a Person who, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such specified Person.
Affiliate
 
 means any day on which the principal offices of the SEC in Washington, D.C. are open to accept filings, or, in the case of determining a date when any payment is due, any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are not required or authorized to close in the City of New York.
Business Day
 
 means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended (42 U.S.C. Section 9601 et seq.).
CERCLA
 
 means any person to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries provides investment management or investment advisory services, including any sub-advisory services, pursuant to an Investment Advisory Agreement.
Client
 
2
 
 means, when used in connection with the Company, any event, state of facts, circumstance, change, development, action, omission or effect (any such item an ) that, individually or in the aggregate, is or is reasonably likely to be (i) materially adverse to the business, operations, properties, assets, liabilities, condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, or (ii) materially adverse to the ability of the Company to perform its obligations hereunder or to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except in each case for any such Effect resulting from, arising out of or relating to (a) the taking of any action or incurring of any expense in connection with this Agreement or any of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (b) the entry into or announcement of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, (c) any change in or interpretations of (i) United States generally accepted accounting principles () or (ii) any Law, (d) any change in interest rates or general economic conditions in the industries or markets in which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries operates, including the restaurant industry generally, or affecting the United States or foreign economies in general or in the United States or foreign financial, banking or securities markets (which changes do not affect the Company and its Subsidiaries to a materially disproportionate degree), (e) any action taken by Parent, Merger Sub, or any of their respective directors, officers, stockholders or Affiliates, (f) the Parent Share Distribution; or (g) changes in the share price or trading volume of the Common Stock.  Company Material Adverse Effect does not include any changes, events, conditions or effects relating solely to Parent or its Subsidiaries financial condition, results of operations or business.
Company Material Adverse Effect
Effect
GAAP
 
 means the common stock of the Company, $0.01 par value per share.
Common Stock
 
 means the Board of Directors of the Company.
Company Board
 
 means the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, dated December 1, 1995, as amended.
Company Charter
 
 means the special committee of disinterested directors of the Company with authority delegated by the Company Board to evaluate a possible business combination involving the Company and its Subsidiaries and Parent.
Company Special Committee
 
 means all beneficial owners of Common Stock.
Company Stockholders
 
 means the debentures to be issued by Parent under the Indenture to Company Stockholders pursuant to and in the form attached hereto as .
Debentures
Section 2.06(a)
Exhibit B
 
 means all applicable foreign, federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations, orders, judgments, decrees, policies and other legal requirements, including common law, relating to or establishing standards of conduct for the regulation and protection of human health and safety, Hazardous Material or injury to or pollution or protection of the environment or natural resources, including, but not limited to, CERCLA; the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, as amended (49 U.S.C. Section 5101 et seq.); the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act, as amended (7 U.S.C. Section 136 et seq.); the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, as amended (42 U.S.C. Section 6901 et seq.); the Toxic Substances Control Act, as amended (42 U.S.C. Section 7401 et seq.); the Clean Air Act, as amended (42 U.S.C. Section 7401 et seq.); the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, as amended (33 U.S.C. Section 1251 et seq.); the Occupational Safety and Health Act, as amended (29 U.S.C. Section 651 et seq.); the Safe Drinking Water Act, as amended (42 U.S.C. Section 300f et seq.); and their implementing regulations and state and local counterparts or equivalents and any transfer of ownership notification or approval statute and any requirements or standards applicable to the voluntary cleanup of environmental contamination.
Environmental Laws
 
3
 
 means any and all liabilities, claims, actions, damages, losses, costs, expenses, fees (including reasonable attorneys and consultants fees), obligations, fines, penalties, awards, amounts paid in settlement, Taxes, Liens, demands, notices of violation or non-compliance, directives, proceedings, investigations, orders, decrees or judgments relating to any Environmental Law, any Company or Subsidiary Environmental Permit or Hazardous Material, as the case may be.
Environmental Liabilities
 
 means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.
ERISA
 
 means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Exchange Act
 
 means any Person, group of related Persons, or group that includes any Person or group of related Persons from whom the Company has received a written Acquisition Proposal before 12:01 a.m. (Eastern time) on the No-Shop Period Start Date and with whom the Company Special Committee is having ongoing discussions or negotiations as of the No-Shop Period Start Date with respect to an Acquisition Proposal which is, or the Company Special Committee believes is reasonably likely to lead to, a Superior Proposal.
Excluded Party
 
 shall mean a Person other than the Company or its Subsidiaries that is granted a right (whether directly by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries or by another Franchisee) to establish or operate or license others to establish or operate a business under any of the Brands or under the Western Sizzlin franchise system.
Franchisee
 
 shall mean the franchise agreements (including franchise agreements, license agreements, satellite agreements, franchise development agreements, co-branding agreements, area development agreements, development incentive agreements together with all ancillary agreements) under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has or may grant any person the right to establish and operate a business under any of the Brands or under the Western Sizzlin franchise system.
Franchise Agreements
 
 means any pooled investment vehicle (including each portfolio or series thereof, if any) for which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries acts as investment adviser, investment sub-adviser, manager, general partner or sponsor, whether or not registered or qualified for offer and sale to members of the public generally with any Governmental Authority.
Fund
 
 means collectively the SEC, state franchise authorities and all other federal, state, county, local or other governmental or regulatory courts, agencies, authorities (including taxing and self regulatory authorities), instrumentalities, commissions, boards or bodies having jurisdiction over the parties and any of their respective Subsidiaries.
Governmental Authority
 
 means all substances, pollutants, chemicals, compounds and wastes regulated by, or may form the basis of liability under, any Environmental Laws and includes the meanings of all such terms in or under any Environmental Laws, including those defined as pollutants, toxic substances, contaminants, hazardous substances, regulated wastes, special wastes, or hazardous wastes under Environmental Laws and petroleum and any fraction thereof or substances otherwise potentially injurious to human health and the environment, including, without limitation, polychlorinated biphenyls () and PCB-containing equipment, asbestos, urea formaldehyde, mold or other toxic growth.
Hazardous Material
PCBs
 
4
 
 means that certain Indenture, to be entered into by and between Parent and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee, in the form attached hereto as .
Indenture
Exhibit C
 
 means (i) all United States and international patents, patent applications and statutory invention registrations, all letters patent or equivalent rights and applications, including any reissue, extension, division, continuation or continuation-in-part applications throughout the world; (ii) trademarks, service marks, Internet domain names, trade dress, logos, trade names, corporate names, general use e-mail addresses and other source identifiers, together with (1) all national, foreign and state registrations, applications for registration and renewals and extensions thereof, (2) all common law rights related thereto, (3) all goodwill associated therewith, and (4) and all benefits, privileges, causes of action and remedies relating to any of the foregoing; and registrations and applications for registration thereof; (iii) all copyrights and copyright registrations and applications for registration thereof, certificates of copyright and copyrighted interests throughout the world, and all rights in mask works; (iv) computer software, programs and databases; and (v) trade secrets under all applicable Law, including know-how and confidential and proprietary information.
Intellectual Property
 
 means an agreement under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries acts as an investment adviser or sub-adviser to, or manages any investment or trading account of, any Client.
Investment Advisory Agreement
 
 means the Internal Revenue Service of the United States.
IRS
 
 or  (or words of similar import) means the actual knowledge, or awareness of the existence or absence of a fact or circumstance that would cause a reasonable person to make an inquiry with respect thereto, of the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries' directors or executive officers.
Knowledge of the Company
Companys Knowledge
 
 or  (or words of similar import) means the actual knowledge, or awareness of the existence or absence of a fact or circumstance that would cause a reasonable person to make an inquiry with respect thereto, of Parent's directors or executive officers.
Knowledge of Parent
Parents Knowledge
 
 means any mortgages, deeds of trust, hypothecations, liens (statutory or other), leases, subleases, encumbrances, conditional or installment sale agreements, security interests, pledges, deeds to secure debt, charges, options or any easement, right of way, license or other claims of third parties of any kind or encumbrance to title.
Liens
 
 means, with respect to a specified Person, the ordinary course of business of such Person and/or any of its Subsidiaries, consistent with past practice.
Ordinary Course
 
5
 
 means an amount equal to all documented out-of-pocket expenses and fees of Parent (including, without limitation, the Parent Special Committee) or Merger Sub (including, without limitation, all reasonable fees of counsel, accountants, experts and consultants, and all printing expenses), actually incurred or accrued by any of them or on their behalf in connection with the Merger and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in an aggregate amount not to exceed One Million Dollars ($1,000,000.00).
Parent Expenses
 
 means, when used in connection with Parent, any Effect that, individually or in the aggregate, is or is reasonably likely to be (i) materially adverse to the business, operations, properties, assets, liabilities, condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operations of Parent and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, or (ii) materially adverse to the ability of Parent to perform its obligations hereunder or under the Debentures or to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except in each case for any such Effect resulting from, arising out of or relating to (a) the taking of any action or incurring of any expense in connection with this Agreement or any of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (b) the entry into or announcement of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, (c) any change in or interpretations of (i) GAAP or (ii) any Law, (d) any change in interest rates or general economic conditions in the industries or markets in which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries operates, including the restaurant industry generally, or affecting the United States or foreign economies in general or in the United States or foreign financial, banking or securities markets (which changes do not affect Parent and its Subsidiaries to a materially disproportionate degree), (e) any action taken by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective directors, officers, stockholders or Affiliates, or (f) changes in the share price or trading volume of the common stock of Parent.  Parent Material Adverse Effect does not include any changes, events, conditions or effects relating solely to the Company or its Subsidiaries financial condition, results of operations or business.
Parent Material Adverse Effect
 
  means the 1,322,806 shares of common stock of Parent, par value $0.50 per share, in the aggregate, beneficially owned by the Company and/or its Subsidiaries.
Parent Shares
 
 means the special committee of disinterested directors of Parent with authority delegated by the Board of Directors of Parent to evaluate a possible business combination involving the Company and its Subsidiaries and Parent.
Parent Special Committee
 
 means (i) Liens for Taxes not yet due and payable or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves or accruals have been made, (ii) inchoate materialmens, mechanics, carriers, workmens and repairmens liens and other liens created by Law, in each case arising in the Ordinary Course and not past due and payable or the payment of which is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves or accruals have been made, (iii) with respect to the Leased Properties only, liens, security interests or encumbrances that have been placed on the fee estate in real property which do not terminate the Company's or applicable Subsidiary's rights under the applicable lease, sublease or other agreement in the event such liens, security interests or encumbrances are foreclosed or other statutory or contractual remedies related thereto are enforced, (iv) pledges or deposits to secure obligations under workers compensation laws or similar legislation or to secure public or statutory obligations and for which the Company or Parent has made adequate accruals in the Company Financial Statements or Parent Financial Statements, as applicable, in accordance with GAAP, (v) zoning, entitlement and other land use regulations by Governmental Authorities, (vi) easements, survey exceptions, leases, subleases and other occupancy contracts, reciprocal easements, restrictions and other encumbrances on title to real property that do not (A) with respect to Leased Property, prevent or materially interfere with the use and operation of such real property as presently used and operated, contain any rights of forfeiture or reverter, grant any third parties the right to acquire all or any part of such real property or require the removal, alteration or relocation of any building, structures or improvements that are located on such real property and are material to the use and operation of such real property as presently used and operated, (B) with respect to Company Property, prevent or materially interfere with the Company's or any of its Subsidiaries' intended use and operation of such real property, materially impact the fair market value of such real property, contain any rights of forfeiture or reverter or grant any third parties the right to acquire all or any part of such real property or require the removal, alteration or relocation of any building, structures or improvements that are located on such real property and are material to the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries intended use and operation or fair market value of such real property, or (vii) Liens described in of the Company Disclosure Schedule.
Permitted Liens
Section 3.12(a)(i)
 
6
 
 means an individual, corporation, partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company, firm, joint venture, syndicate, person, trust, association or entity or government, political subdivision, agency or instrumentality of a government.
Person
 
 means an amount equal to (i) $0.00, if the average of the low and high prices as reported in the Wall Street Journal of a Parent Share on the date of the Parent Share Distribution (such average, the ) is equal to or less than $12.00 per share, or (ii) if the Parent Share FMV is greater than $12.00 per share, the product of thirty-eight percent (38.0%) multiplied by the difference of (A) the amount of income recognized for federal income Tax purposes by the Company as a result of the Parent Share Distribution less (B) the amount of income that would have been recognized for federal income Tax purposes by the Company as a result of the Parent Share Distribution if the Parent Share FMV were $12.00 per share.
Purchase Price Adjustment
Parent Share FMV
 
 means the spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping or disposing into the environment.
Release
 
 means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.
SEC
 
 means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
Securities Act
 
 means the affirmative approval of the Merger by at least a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter by the holders of all outstanding shares of Common Stock as of the record date for the Stockholders Meeting.
Stockholder Approval
 
 or  of any Person means another Person, an amount of the voting securities, other voting ownership or voting partnership interests of which is sufficient to elect at least a majority of its Board of Directors or other governing body (or, if there are no such voting interests, fifty percent (50%) or more of the equity interests of which) is owned directly or indirectly by such first Person.
Subsidiary
Subsidiaries
 
7
 
 means an Acquisition Proposal that constitutes a written proposal or offer, except the references therein to 15% shall be replaced by 51%, which was not obtained in violation of , if and only if, the Company Board, upon the recommendation of the Company Special Committee, determines in good faith (after consultation with its financial advisor and outside legal counsel), taking into account, among other things, all legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of the proposal and the Person making the proposal, that the proposal (i) if consummated, would result in a transaction that is more favorable from a financial point of view to the Company Stockholders than the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby (taking into account any break-up fees, expense reimbursement provisions and conditions to consummation), and (ii) is reasonably capable of being completed without undue delay (based upon, among other things, the availability of financing, the expectation of obtaining required regulatory approvals, the identity and background of the Person making the proposal and the timing and conditions of closing).
Superior Proposal
Section 6.04
 
 shall mean any report, return, document, declaration or any other information or filing required to be supplied to any taxing authority or jurisdiction (foreign or domestic) with respect to Taxes, including information returns, any document with respect to or accompanying payments or estimated Taxes, or with respect to or accompanying requests for the extension of time in which to file any such report, return document, declaration or other information.
Tax Returns
 
 means any entity in which the Company owns a direct or indirect equity interest for federal income tax purposes of at least 10%, determined by either voting power or value.
Tax Subsidiary
 
means (i) all net income, gross income, gross receipts, value-added, sales, use, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, profits, license, lease, service, service use, withholding, payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property, windfall profits, customs, duties or other taxes, fees, assessments or charges of any kind whatsoever imposed by any Governmental Authority, together with any interest, any penalties or additions to tax with respect thereto, and including any fees or penalties imposed on a Person in respect of any information Tax Return made to a Governmental Authority; (ii) any liability for payment of amounts described in clause (i) whether as a result of transferee liability, of being a member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined or unitary group for any period, or otherwise through operation of Law; and (iii) any liability for the payment of amounts described in clauses (i) or (ii) as a result of any tax sharing, tax indemnity or tax allocation agreement or any other express or implied agreement to indemnify any other Person.
Taxes
 
 
 means the Workers Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, 29 U.S.C. Sec. 2101 et. seq., as amended, and any other similar state, local or government regulation or ordinance.
WARN
 
 means the aggregate of all consolidated inventory, accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other current assets (including cash on hand or in deposit) of the Company and its Subsidiaries minus consolidated accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities (excluding current maturities of debt) of the Company and its Subsidiaries.
Working Capital
 
8
 
     The following terms have the meaning set forth in the Sections set forth below:
(b)
 
9
10
 
11
 
SECTION 2.01.      .  Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, at the Effective Time, Merger Sub shall be merged with and into the Company in accordance with the DGCL.
The Merger
 
SECTION 2.02.      .
Closing; Effective Time
 
      Unless this Agreement shall have been terminated and the transactions herein contemplated shall have been abandoned pursuant to and subject to the satisfaction or waiver (where applicable) of the conditions set forth in , the closing of the Merger (the ) shall take place (a) remotely via the electronic exchange of documents and signatures on such date as the Company and Parent shall mutually agree following the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in (other than those conditions that, by their nature, are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the fulfillment or waiver of those conditions), or if the parties do not so agree, on the second Business Day following satisfaction or waiver of such conditions or (b) at such other place, date or time as may be mutually agreed in writing by the Company and Parent.  The date of the Closing is referred to herein as the .  The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that (i) all proceedings at the Closing shall be deemed to be taken and all documents to be executed and delivered by all parties at the Closing shall be deemed to have been taken and executed simultaneously, and no proceedings shall be deemed taken nor any documents executed or delivered until all have been taken, executed or delivered, and (ii) that the Closing shall be deemed to have taken place at the offices of Ice Miller LLP, One American Square, Suite 2900, Indianapolis, Indiana 46282-0200, at 10:00 a.m., Eastern time, on the Closing Date.
(a)
Section 8.01
Article VII
Closing
Article VII
Closing Date
 
      Subject to the terms hereof, at the Closing, the parties hereto shall cause the Certificate of Merger to be executed, acknowledged and filed with, delivered in the manner required by the DGCL to, and accepted for recording by, the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and shall make all other filings and recordings required under the DGCL.  The  shall be the later of (i) the date and time of the acceptance for recording of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware or (ii) such later time as may be agreed by Merger Sub and the Company in writing and specified in the Certificate of Merger.
(b)
Effective Time
 
SECTION 2.03.      .  As a result of the Merger, the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub shall cease and the Company shall continue as the surviving corporation of the Merger (the ).  From and after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall be a wholly-owned Subsidiary of Parent.  At the Effective Time, the effect of the Merger shall be as provided in this Agreement, the Certificate of Merger and the applicable provisions of the DGCL.
Effect of the Merger
Surviving Corporation
 
12
 
SECTION 2.04.      .
Charter; Bylaws
 
      At the Effective Time, the Company Charter, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be amended in its entirety to be in the form of hereto, and as so amended, shall be the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation (the ) until thereafter amended as provided by Law and such Certificate of Incorporation.
(a)
Exhibit D
Surviving Corporation Charter
 
      At the Effective Time, the Bylaws of Merger Sub, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation (the ) until thereafter amended as provided by Law, the Surviving Corporation Charter and such Bylaws.
(b)
Surviving Corporation Bylaws
 
SECTION 2.05.      .The directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time and such others as Parent shall have designated, if any, shall, from and after the Effective Time, be the directors of the Surviving Corporation, each to hold office in accordance with the Surviving Corporation Charter and the Surviving Corporation Bylaws, and the officers of the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time shall continue to be the officers of the Surviving Corporation, in each case until their respective successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified or until their earlier death, resignation or removal.
Directors and Officers
 
 
SECTION 2.06.      .  At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of Parent, Merger Sub, the Company or the holders of any of the following securities:
Conversion of Securities
 
     Each share of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than Dissenting Shares or any shares of Common Stock to be canceled pursuant to ) shall be canceled and shall be converted automatically (subject to ) into the right to receive an amount per share in principal amount of Debentures at the rate determined by dividing (i) an amount equal to the difference of $22,959,000.00 less the Purchase Price Adjustment by (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (the ) or, if applicable, cash as set forth in in lieu of such principal amount of Debentures, or such Debentures and such cash (together, such Debentures and such cash, the );
(a)
Section 2.06(b)
Section 2.07
Exchange Ratio
Section 2.07
Merger Consideration
 
     Each share of Common Stock held in the treasury of the Company and each share of Common Stock owned by Merger Sub, Parent or any direct or indirect wholly-owned Subsidiary of Parent or of the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time shall automatically be canceled and retired without any conversion thereof, and no payment or distribution shall be made hereunder with respect thereto; and
(b)
 
     Each share of common stock of Merger Sub issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into and exchanged for one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock of the Surviving Corporation, which shall constitute all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of the Surviving Corporation after the Effective Time of the Merger.
(c)
 
13
 
SECTION 2.07.      .  The Debentures to be issued by Parent to Company Stockholders pursuant to are solely issuable in whole multiples of $1,000.  In the event that a Debenture to be issued to a Company Stockholder following the application of the Exchange Ratio set forth in is not evenly divisible by 1,000, the amount in excess of the $1,000 principal amount of the Debenture or the next whole multiple thereof shall be paid to such Company Stockholder in cash as set forth in .  In the event that any Company Stockholder's portion of the Merger Consideration is less than $1,000 following the application of the Exchange Ratio set forth in , such Company Stockholder shall only be entitled to receive such Company Stockholder's portion of the Merger Consideration in cash, and such Company Stockholder shall not be entitled to receive a Debenture.
Merger Consideration Payable in Cash
Section 2.06(a)
Section 2.06(a)
Section 2.09
Section 2.06(a)
 
SECTION 2.08.      .  Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time that are held by any Company Stockholder who has neither voted in favor of the adoption of this Agreement nor consented thereto in writing, is entitled to demand and properly demands appraisal of such shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 262 of the DGCL (), and who complies in all respects and has otherwise perfected and not withdrawn or lost his or her rights in accordance with Section 262 (the ), shall not be converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration as provided in but instead, at the Effective Time, all Dissenting Shares shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and shall cease to exist, and each Company Stockholder holding Dissenting Shares shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive payment of the fair value of such shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 262.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any such Company Stockholder shall fail to perfect or otherwise shall waive, withdraw or lose the right to appraisal under Section 262 or a court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that such Company Stockholder is not entitled to the relief provided by Section 262, then the right of such Company Stockholder to be paid the fair value of such Company Stockholders Dissenting Shares under Section 262 shall cease, such Dissenting Shares shall no longer be deemed Dissenting Shares and each such Dissenting Share shall be deemed to have been converted at the Effective Time into, and shall have become, the right to receive the portion of the Merger Consideration to which such Company Stockholder would otherwise be entitled under .  The Company shall serve prompt notice to Parent of any demands for appraisal of any shares of Common Stock, and Parent shall have the right to participate in and direct all negotiations and proceedings with respect to such demands.  Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall not, without the prior written consent of Parent, make any payment with respect to, or settle or offer to settle, any such demands, or agree to do any of the foregoing.  For the avoidance of doubt, holders of Dissenting Shares shall be entitled to receive the Per Share Distribution Amount with respect to shares of Common Stock held of record immediately prior to the Effective Time, irrespective of the exercise of appraisal rights pursuant to Section 262.
Appraisal Rights
Section 262
Dissenting Shares
Section 2.06(a)
Section 2.06(a)
 
SECTION 2.09.      .
Surrender of Shares; Stock Transfer Books
 
     Prior to the Closing, Merger Sub shall designate a bank or trust company to act as exchange and paying agent (the ) for the payment or exchange, as applicable, of the Merger Consideration and the Option Merger Consideration (as defined below).
(a)
Exchange Agent
 
14
 
     Promptly after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall cause the Exchange Agent to mail or deliver to each Person who was, at the Effective Time, a holder of record of shares of Common Stock entitled to receive Merger Consideration pursuant to a form of letter of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the certificates evidencing such shares of Common Stock (the ) shall pass, only upon proper delivery of the Certificates to the Exchange Agent) and instructions for effecting the surrender of the Certificates.  Upon surrender to the Exchange Agent of one or more Certificates, together with such letter of transmittal, duly completed and validly executed in accordance with the instructions thereto, and such other documents as may be required pursuant to such instructions, the holder of such Certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor the Merger Consideration which such holder has the right to receive pursuant to the provisions of this , and such Certificate shall then be canceled.  Until surrendered as contemplated by this , each Certificate shall be deemed at any time after the Effective Time to represent only the right to receive (i) the Merger Consideration, which the holder thereof has the right to receive in respect of such Certificate pursuant to this and (ii) the Per Share Distribution Amount, which the holder thereof has the right to receive with respect of such Certificate pursuant to .  If delivery of any portion of the Merger Consideration is to be made to a Person other than the Person in whose name the surrendered Certificate is registered on the stock transfer books of the Company, it shall be a condition of exchange that the Certificate so surrendered be endorsed properly or otherwise be in proper form for transfer and that the Person requesting such transfer shall have paid all transfer and other Taxes required by reason of the delivery of the Merger Consideration to a Person other than the registered holder of the Certificate surrendered or shall have established to the satisfaction of Parent that such Taxes either have been paid or are not applicable.
(b)
Section 2.06(a)
Certificates
Article II
Section 2.09(b)
Article II
Section 6.12
 
     If any holder of shares of Common Stock is unable to surrender such holders Certificates because such Certificates have been lost, mutilated or destroyed, such holder may deliver in lieu thereof an affidavit in form and substance and with surety as may be reasonably required by the Surviving Corporation.
(c)
 
     Each of Parent, Merger Sub and the Surviving Corporation shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the consideration otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement to any holder of Common Stock or Company Stock Options (as defined below) such Taxes and other amounts as it reasonably determines is required to be deducted and withheld with respect to the making of such payment under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended through the date hereof (the ), and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or analogous provision of state or local Tax Law.  To the extent that amounts are so deducted, withheld and paid to the applicable taxing authority by the Surviving Corporation, Merger Sub or Parent, as the case may be, such deducted, withheld and paid amounts shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the holder of the shares of Common Stock or the holder of the Company Stock Option in respect of which such deduction, withholding and payment was made by the Surviving Corporation, Merger Sub or Parent.  Each Company Stockholder and any other Person who may receive payments from Parent pursuant to this Agreement, simultaneously with the surrender to the Exchange Agent of its Certificates pursuant to , shall provide the Exchange Agent or the Parent, as applicable, any IRS Forms W-4, W-9 or other certificates or forms as may be specified in the form of Letter of Transmittal mailed to Company Stockholders by the Exchange Agent, if required, for the Exchange Agent, Parent, Merger Sub or the Surviving Corporation to meet its withholding obligations under any applicable Tax Law.  If appropriate forms are not submitted to Parent or the Exchange Agent, as applicable, the withholding to be made will be the maximum amount provided by applicable Tax Laws.
(d)
Code
Section 2.09(b)
 
15
 
           At the close of business on the day of the Effective Time, the stock transfer books of the Company shall be closed and thereafter there shall be no further registration of transfers of shares of Common Stock on the records of the Company.  From and after the Effective Time, the holders of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall cease to have any rights with respect to such shares of Common Stock except the right to receive the Per Share Distribution Amount pursuant to and as otherwise provided herein or by applicable Law.  If, after the Effective Time, Certificates are presented to the Surviving Corporation for transfer, they shall be cancelled and exchanged as provided in this .
(e)
Section 6.12
Article II
 
SECTION 2.10.      .
Treatment of Options
 
     A list identifying each of the Companys stock option plans, programs and arrangements (collectively, the ) and outstanding options to acquire shares of Common Stock under the Company Option Plans or any other outstanding stock option agreement (the ) is set forth in of the Company Disclosure Schedule (such list to include the name of the Company Option Plan under which such options were issued, the holders thereof, the number of shares subject thereto and the exercise prices thereof).
(a)
Company Option Plans
Company Stock Options
Section 2.10(a)
 
     No Company Option Plan nor any Company Stock Option shall be assumed by Parent or Merger Sub in connection with the Merger.
(b)
 
     The Company shall take all necessary and appropriate actions so that, at the Effective Time, each outstanding Company Stock Option shall be fully vested and exercisable in accordance with its terms, and to the extent not theretofore exercised, the Company shall cause any Company Stock Option that is not exchanged as provided in to be canceled at the Effective Time and no further Company Stock Options shall be granted.
(c)
Section 2.10(d)
 
     Each Company Stock Option that is outstanding and unexercised as of the Effective Time and with respect to which the Merger Consideration is greater than the applicable exercise price per share of such Company Stock Option shall be cancelled in exchange for the right to receive a single lump sum cash payment, less any applicable withholding taxes, equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Common Stock subject to such Company Stock Option immediately prior to the Effective Time and (ii) the difference of the Merger Consideration minus the applicable exercise price per share of such Company Stock Option (the ).
(d)
Option Merger Consideration
 
16
 
     On or before the Effective Time, Parent shall deposit with the Exchange Agent the Option Merger Consideration for the benefit of the holders of Company Stock Options (the ).  Parent shall cause the Exchange Agent to make, and the Exchange Agent shall make payments of the Option Merger Consideration out of the Option Exchange Fund in accordance with this Agreement and the Certificate of Merger.  The Option Exchange Fund shall not be used for any other purpose.  Any and all interest earned on cash deposited in the Option Exchange Fund shall be paid to the Surviving Corporation.  The Option Merger Consideration paid with respect to Company Stock Options in accordance with the terms of this shall be deemed to have been paid in full satisfaction of all rights and privileges pertaining to the canceled Company Stock Options, and on and after the Effective Time the holder of a Company Stock Option shall have no further rights with respect to any Company Stock Option, other than the right to receive the Option Merger Consideration as provided in this .  Any portion of the Option Exchange Fund which remains undistributed to the holders of Company Stock Options for twelve (12) months after the Effective Time shall be delivered to the Surviving Corporation, and any holders of Company Stock Options prior to the Merger who have not theretofore complied with this shall thereafter look only to the Surviving Corporation for payment of the Option Merger Consideration.  None of Parent, Merger Sub, the Surviving Corporation, the Company or the Exchange Agent, or any employee, officer, director, stockholder, partner, member, agent of Affiliate thereof, shall be liable to any Person in respect of the Option Merger Consideration if the Option Exchange Fund has been delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar Law.
(e)
Option Exchange Fund
Article II
Section 2.10(d)
Article II
 
SECTION 2.11.      .  If at any time after the Effective Time, any further assignments or assurances in Law or any other things are necessary or desirable to vest or to perfect or confirm of record in the Surviving Corporation the title to any property or rights of either Merger Sub or the Company, or otherwise to carry out the provisions of this Agreement, the officers and directors of the Surviving Corporation are hereby authorized and empowered, in the name of and on behalf of either or both of Merger Sub or the Company, as appropriate, to execute and deliver any and all things necessary or proper to vest or to perfect or confirm title to such property or rights in the Surviving Corporation, and otherwise to carry out the purposes and provisions of this Agreement.
Supplementary Action
 
SECTION 2.12.      .Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, by virtue of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Company Stockholders, in the aggregate and to the extent eligible under the terms of this Agreement, shall be entitled to receive no more than an amount equal to the difference of $22,959,000.00 less the Purchase Price Adjustment in cash and principal amount of Debentures.
Aggregate Merger Consideration
 
 
17
 
Except as set forth in the disclosure schedule that has been prepared by the Company and delivered by the Company to Parent in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement (the ), the Company hereby represents and warrants to Parent and Merger Sub that:
Company Disclosure Schedule
 
SECTION 3.01.      .
Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries
 
     Except as set forth in of the Company Disclosure Schedule, each of the Company and each Subsidiary of the Company is an entity duly organized, validly existing and, in good standing (to the extent such concept is legally recognized) under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization and, except for such failures that would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect: (i) the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has the requisite corporate, partnership or limited liability company power and corporate, partnership or limited liability company authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted; and (ii) the Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified or licensed as a foreign corporation, limited liability company or partnership, as the case may be, to do business, and is in good standing (to the extent such concept is legally recognized) in each jurisdiction where the character of the properties owned, leased or operated by it or the nature of its business makes such qualification or licensing necessary.
(a)
Section 3.01(a)
 
     A complete and correct listing of each Subsidiary of the Company, together with the jurisdiction of incorporation or organization of such Subsidiary, each jurisdiction where such Subsidiary is licensed or qualified to do business and the percentage of the outstanding capital stock or other equity interests of such Subsidiary owned directly or indirectly by the Company is set forth on of the Company Disclosure Schedule.  All outstanding shares of capital stock of, or other equity interests in, each such Subsidiary (i) have been duly authorized, validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable; (ii) are owned directly or indirectly by the Company, free and clear of all Liens except as set forth on of the Company Disclosure Schedule; (iii) are free of all other restrictions (including restrictions on the right to vote, sell or otherwise dispose of such capital stock or other ownership interests) that would prevent the operation by the Surviving Corporation of such Subsidiarys business as presently conducted; and (iv) were not issued in violation of any preemptive or similar rights.  Except as set forth in of the Company Disclosure Schedule, as of the date of this Agreement, the Company does not directly or indirectly own any equity, voting or similar interest in, or any interest convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for any equity or similar interest in, any Person, other than marketable securities held directly or indirectly by Mustang Capital Management, LLC or Western Investments, Inc. in the Ordinary Course that do not exceed one percent (1%) of the voting power of the issuer of such securities.
(b)
Section 3.01(b)
Section 3.01(b)
Section 3.01(b)
 
18
 
SECTION 3.02.      .  The Company has heretofore made available to Parent a complete and correct copy of the Company Charter and the Companys Bylaws and the Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws or equivalent organizational documents, each as amended to date, of each Subsidiary of the Company.  Such Company Charter, Companys Bylaws and Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws or equivalent organizational documents of each Subsidiary are in full force and effect.  Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation of any of the provisions of the Company Charter, its Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws or equivalent organizational documents.
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws
 
SECTION 3.03.     .
Capitalization
 
     The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 10,000,000 shares of Common Stock.  As of the date hereof, (i) 2,840,384 shares of Common Stock are issued and outstanding, all of which are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and all of which were not issued in violation of and are not subject to any preemptive or similar rights; (ii) 9,099 shares of Common Stock are held in the treasury of the Company; (iii) no shares of Common Stock are held by any of the Company's Subsidiaries; (iv) 4,000 shares of Common Stock are subject to outstanding options, all of which are vested and exercisable in accordance with their terms; and (v) 40,000 shares of Common Stock remain available and are reserved for future issuance pursuant to employee stock options or stock incentive rights under the Company Option Plans.  The information contained in of the Company Disclosure Schedule with respect to the Company Option Plans and Company Stock Options is true, correct and complete.  With respect to the Company Stock Options, (A) each grant of a Company Stock Option was duly authorized no later than the date on which the grant of such Company Stock Option was by its terms to be effective (the ) by all necessary corporate action, including, as applicable, approval by the Company Board (or a duly constituted and authorized committee thereof), or a duly authorized delegate thereof, and any required stockholder approval by the necessary number of votes or written consents, and the award agreement governing such grant (if any) was duly executed and delivered by each party thereto, (B) each such grant was made in accordance with the terms of all applicable Laws, including the rules of the Company Option Plans and any exchange on which Company securities are traded, (C) the per share exercise price of each Company Stock Option was not less than the fair market value of a share of Common Stock on the applicable Grant Date, and (D) no Company Stock Option is an "incentive stock option" under Section 422 of the Code.
(a)
Section 2.10(a)
Grant Date
 
     Except as set forth in , no shares of capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests in, the Company, or options, warrants, shares of deferred stock, restricted stock awards, stock appreciation rights, phantom stock awards or other rights to acquire any such stock or securities, or other similar rights issued by the Company that are linked to the value of the Common Stock or the value of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any part thereof, are issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding.
(b)
Section 3.03(a)
 
19
 
     All shares of Common Stock subject to issuance as set forth in , upon issuance on the terms and conditions specified in the instruments pursuant to which they are issuable, will be duly authorized, validly issued, and when the exercise or conversion price thereof has been paid, fully paid and nonassessable.  Except as set forth in this , there are no bonds, debentures, notes or other securities, instruments or obligations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case, the value of which is based upon or derived from any capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests in, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or which has or which by its terms may have at any time (whether actual or contingent) the right to vote (or which is convertible into, or exchangeable for, securities having the right to vote) on any matters on which the Company Stockholders or the stockholders or other equity holders of any of the Company's Subsidiaries may vote.  Except as set forth in this , there are no securities, options, warrants, calls, rights or contracts of any kind to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound, obligating the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, additional shares of capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests in, or securities convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, shares of capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests in, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or obligating the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, grant, extend or enter into any such security, option, warrant, call, right or contract.
(c)
Section 3.03(a)
Section 3.03
Section 3.03
 
     Except for the Voting Agreements, there are no outstanding contractual or other obligations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to (A) repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests in, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (B) vote or dispose of any shares of capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests in, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.  Except for the Voting Agreements, the Company is not a party to any voting agreement with respect to any shares of capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests in, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and, to the Knowledge of the Company, except as may be disclosed in filings with the SEC on Schedule 13D, as of the date of this Agreement there are no irrevocable proxies and no voting agreements with respect to any shares of capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests in, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.  The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice to grant Company Stock Options prior to, or otherwise coordinate the grant of Stock Options with, the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.
(d)
 
20
 
SECTION 3.04.      .
Authority Relative to this Agreement
 
     The Company has all necessary corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, the Parent Share Distribution. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company, the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company, and no other corporate proceedings on the part of the Company are necessary to authorize this Agreement and the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby (other than, with respect to the consummation of the Merger, the Stockholder Approval and the filing and recordation of appropriate merger documents as required by the DGCL).  This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by Parent and Merger Sub, constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, subject to the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency (including all Laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or similar Laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to the effect of general principles of equity (regardless of whether considered in a proceeding at law or in equity).
(a)
 
     The disinterested members of the Company Board, after receiving the unanimous recommendation of the Company Special Committee, at a meeting duly called and held at which all of the directors of the Company were present, (i) unanimously determined that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Merger and the Parent Share Distribution, are advisable and fair to and in the best interests of the Company Stockholders, and approved this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Merger, and (ii) unanimously directed that this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby be submitted to the Company Stockholders for their approval and adoption and resolved to recommend that the Company Stockholders vote in favor of the adoption of this Agreement and the approval of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby.  The Stockholder Approval is the only vote of the holders of any class or series of the Company's capital stock required by applicable Law, the Company Charter and the Company's Bylaws to duly effect the approval and adoption of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.
(b)
 
SECTION 3.05.     .
No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents
 
     The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company do not, and the performance of its obligations under this Agreement by the Company will not, and the consummation of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby by the Company will not, (i) conflict with or violate the Company Charter or the Company's Bylaws or other equivalent organizational documents of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) assuming that all consents, approvals and other authorizations described in have been obtained and that all filings and other actions described in have been made or taken, conflict with or violate any statute, law, regulation, ordinance, rule or Governmental Authority judgment, order or decree () applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or such Subsidiary is bound or affected, except for any conflicts or violations that would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, or (iii) except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would become a default) under, or give to others any right of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the creation of a Lien on any property or asset of the Company or such Subsidiary pursuant to, any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement, lease, license, permit, franchise or other instrument or obligation to which the Company or any such Subsidiary is a party or by which the Company or such Subsidiary or any property or asset of the Company or such Subsidiary is bound or affected.
(a)
Section 3.05(b)
Section 3.05(b)
Law
 
21
 
     The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company do not, and the performance of its obligations under this Agreement by the Company will not, require any consent, approval, authorization or permit of, or filing with or notification to, any Governmental Authority or other third party, except (i) for applicable requirements, if any, of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and state securities or blue sky laws (), (ii) as specified in of the Company Disclosure Schedule, (iii) for the filing and recordation of appropriate merger documents as required by the DGCL, and (iv) such other consents, approvals, authorizations, permits, filings or notifications where such failure to be obtained (A) would not prevent or materially delay consummation of the Merger or (B) would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.
(b)
Blue Sky Laws
Section 3.05(b)
 
SECTION 3.06.      .
Permits; Compliance
 
     Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is in possession and compliance with the terms of all franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses, permits, easements, variances, exceptions, consents, certificates, registrations, approvals and orders of, or filing with, any Governmental Authority necessary for each of the Company or such Subsidiary to lawfully own, lease and operate its properties or to carry on its business as it is now being conducted (the ), except where the failure to have, or the suspension or cancellation of, any of the Permits would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect.  None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice of any action pending or threatened by any Governmental Authority to revoke, withdraw or suspend any Permit and no event has occurred or will occur in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement which, with or without the giving of notice, the passage of time, or both, has resulted in or would reasonably be expected to result in a violation, order or deficiency with respect to or a revocation, withdrawal or suspension of any Permit, except for any such events that have not and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.  The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement do not require any consent, approval, license, authorization, registration, certification, permit or any other action of any Governmental Authority or other third party relating to any Permit, except where the failure to obtain any such consent, approval, license, authorization, registration, certification, permit or for any such other action to occur would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.
(a)
Permits
 
     The conduct by the Company and its Subsidiaries of their respective businesses has been and is in compliance with all applicable Laws, with such exceptions as have not and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.
(b)
 
22
 
SECTION 3.07.      .
SEC Filings; Financial Statements
 
     The Company has timely filed or furnished all forms, reports, schedules, statements and documents required to be filed or furnished by it with the SEC since January 1, 2006 (the ).  As of their respective dates or, if amended, as of the date of such amendment, the Company SEC Reports (i) complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder applicable to such Company SEC Reports and, to the extent applicable, SOX (as defined below), and (ii) did not, at the time they were filed, or, if amended, as of the date of such amendment, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.  The Company has made available to Parent copies of all comment letters received by the Company from the SEC since January 1, 2006 relating to the Company SEC Reports, together with all written responses of the Company thereto.  Except as set forth in of the Company Disclosure Schedule, as of the date of this Agreement, there are no outstanding or unresolved comments in such comment letters received by the Company from the SEC.  As of the date of this Agreement, to the Knowledge of the Company, none of the Company SEC Reports is the subject of any ongoing review by the SEC.  Except as set forth in of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no Subsidiary of the Company is required to file or furnish any form, report or other document with the SEC.
(a)
Company SEC Reports
Section 3.07
Section 3.07
 
     Each of the consolidated financial statements (including, in each case, any notes thereto) contained in the Company SEC Reports (the ) were prepared in accordance with applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods indicated (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and each fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the respective dates thereof and for the respective periods indicated therein, except as otherwise noted therein (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal and recurring year end adjustments, none of which are expected to be material).  Except to the extent disclosed or reserved against the Companys most recent balance sheet (including the notes thereto) included in the Company SEC Reports (the ), neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liability or obligation of any nature (whether accrued, absolute, contingent, determined, determinable or otherwise), except for liabilities incurred in the Ordinary Course that would not prevent or materially delay consummation of the Merger and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.
(b)
Company Financial Statements
GAAP
Company Baseline Balance Sheet
 
     The Company is in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, ) applicable to it.
(c)
SOX
 
23
           The principal executive officer of the Company and the principal financial officer of the Company each has made all certifications required by Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 under the Exchange Act and Sections 302 and 906 of SOX, as applicable, with respect to the Company SEC Reports, and the statements contained in such certifications were accurate as of the date they were made.  For purposes of this Agreement, principal executive officer and principal financial officer shall have the meanings given to such terms in SOX.  Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has outstanding, or has arranged any outstanding, extension of credit to directors or executive officers in violation of Section 402 of SOX.
(d)
 
           Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to, or has any off-balance sheet arrangements (as defined in Item 303(a) of Regulation S-K of the SEC)), where the result, purpose or effect of such contract is to avoid disclosure of any material transaction involving, or material liabilities of, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries published financial statements or other SEC Documents.
(e)
 
           The Company maintains internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) in compliance with the Exchange Act.  To the Knowledge of the Company, there are no significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in the Company's internal controls over financial reporting.
(f)
 
           The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) in compliance with the Exchange Act.
(g)
 
SECTION 3.08.      .  Since the date of the Company Baseline Balance Sheet, except as contemplated or permitted by this Agreement, each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has conducted its business in the Ordinary Course, and there has not been:
Absence of Certain Changes or Events
 
           any Effect, including damage to, destruction or loss of any asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (whether or not covered by insurance), constituting or that would reasonably be expect to have a Company Material Adverse Effect;
(a)
 
           any change by the Company in its financial or tax accounting methods, principles or practices;
(b)
 
           any revaluation by the Company of any material asset (including, without limitation, any writing down of the value of inventory or writing off of notes or accounts receivable), other than in the Ordinary Course;
(c)
 
           any acquisition, exclusive license, sale or transfer of any material asset of the Company, other than in the Ordinary Course;
(d)
 
           any declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend or distribution in respect of any capital stock of the Company, other than the Parent Share Distribution, or any redemption, purchase or other acquisition of any of its securities;
(e)
 
24
 
           any material increase in or establishment of any bonus, insurance, severance, deferred compensation, pension, retirement, profit sharing, stock option (including, without limitation, the granting of stock options, stock appreciation rights, performance awards, or restricted stock awards), stock purchase or other employee benefit plan, or any other increase in the compensation payable or to become payable to any officers or key employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except in the Ordinary Course; or
(f)
 
          any negotiation or agreement by the Company to do any of the things described in this .
(g)
Section 3.08
 
SECTION 3.09..  Except as set forth in of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there is no litigation, suit, claim, action, investigation or proceeding (an ) pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, any property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or involving any present or former directors or officers of the Company in their capacities as such, before any Governmental Authority that has had or would, if adversely decided against the Company or its Subsidiaries, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.  Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any property or asset of the Company or such Subsidiary nor any of their present or former directors or officers is subject to any continuing order of, or consent decree, settlement agreement or similar written agreement with, any Governmental Authority, or any order, judgment, injunction or decree of any Governmental Authority, in each case, that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.  Except as set forth in of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company has no Knowledge of any indemnification, breach of contract or similar claims against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which are pending, or to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened, in each case in excess of $50,000 in amount, with respect to any acquisition or disposition by the Company or such Subsidiary of any assets or businesses.
      
Absence of Litigation
Section 3.09
Action
Section 3.09
 
SECTION 3.10.      .
Employees and Employee Benefit Plans
 
           .
(a)
General
 
            of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists all employee benefit plans and employment or severance agreements or other similar arrangements maintained, sponsored or otherwise contributed to by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate, or have been maintained or contributed to in the last six (6) years by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate, or with respect to which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate has any liability or obligation for present or future payment of benefits for employees of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate, including any such employees who are employed outside the United States or with respect to which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate could have any liability (collectively, the ), including, without limitation, (A) any profit-sharing, deferred compensation, bonus, stock option, phantom stock, stock purchase, pension, retainer, consulting, retirement, severance, change of control, supplemental unemployment benefits, welfare or incentive plan, agreement or arrangement, (B) any plan, agreement or arrangement providing for fringe benefits or perquisites to employees, officers, directors or agents, (C) any hospitalization, health, welfare, dental, disability, life insurance, health or dependent care flexible spending account, or other benefit plan, or (D) any other employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA.
(i)
Section 3.10(a)(i)
Benefit Plans
 
25
 
          The Company has delivered to Parent true, correct and complete copies of all Benefit Plans listed in of the Company Disclosure Schedule including (without limitation) (A) all amendments thereto and all related trust documents, benefits booklets, administrative service agreements, group annuity contracts, group insurance contracts, and policies pertaining to fiduciary liability insurance covering the fiduciaries for each Benefit Plan; (B) all IRS determination, opinion, notification and advisory letters, and any pending applications and correspondence to or from the IRS or the Department of Labor with respect to any such application or letter; (C) all material written communications by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate to any employee or employees (including, without limitation, summary plan descriptions and summary annual reports) or written communications received by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate from employees in the last two (2) years relating to any Benefit Plan and any proposed Benefit Plans, in each case, relating to any amendments, terminations, establishments, increases or decreases in benefits, acceleration of payments or vesting schedules or other events which would result in any material liability to the Company or any ERISA Affiliate; (D) nondiscrimination test reports for each applicable Benefit Plan for the most recent plan year; (E) all registration statements, annual reports (Form 11-K and all attachments thereto) and prospectuses prepared in connection with each Benefit Plan for the most recent plan year; and (F) all reports, forms and other documents required to be filed with any Governmental Authority in the last three (3) years (including, without limitation, Forms 5500 and all schedules and financial statements attached thereto for all Benefit Plans subject to ERISA).  Neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has any express or implied commitment (x) to create, incur liability with respect to or cause to exist any other material employee benefit plan, program or arrangement, (y) to enter into any contract or agreement to provide compensation or benefits to any individual other than in the Ordinary Course, or (z) to modify, change or terminate any Benefit Plan, other than with respect to a modification, change or termination required by ERISA, the Code or other applicable Law.
(ii)
Section 3.10(a)(i)
 
         The Benefit Plans have been operated in material compliance in all respects with their terms and the applicable provisions of ERISA, the regulations and authorities thereunder, and all other Laws applicable to the Benefit Plans.  There are no actions, investigations, legal proceedings, or other claims or suits (other than claims for benefits in the Ordinary Course) pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Benefit Plans or their assets or arising out of the Benefit Plans which would reasonably be expected to result in material liability to the Company or its Subsidiaries.  The Company and its Subsidiaries have performed all obligations required to be performed by them under, and are not in default under or in violation of, and the Company has no Knowledge of any default or violation by any party to, any Benefit Plan.
(iii)
 
26
 
         Neither the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, any ERISA Affiliate nor any Benefit Plan has, or would reasonably be expected to have, by reason of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, to make any payment, whether by way of acceleration of vesting or otherwise, that could be classified as a parachute payment within the meaning of Code Section 280G.  Neither Parent, Merger Sub or the Company will be precluded from deducting, for federal income tax purposes, any payment, whether or not listed on of the Company Disclosure Schedule, which are or may be made by, from or with respect to any Benefit Plan, to any employee, former employee, director or agent of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate, either alone or in conjunction with any other payment, by reason of such payments characterization as an excess parachute payment under Section 280G of the Code.
(iv)
Section 3.10(a)(iv)
 
         No Benefit Plan is subject to the terms of any collective bargaining agreement.
(v)
 
        All contributions to, and payments from, the Benefit Plans that may have been required to be made in accordance with their terms have been timely made or will be made prior to Closing.  The Company or any ERISA Affiliate has not provided, nor is it required to provide, security to any pension plan pursuant to Section 401(a)(29) of the Code.
(vi)
 
       There has been no amendment to, announcement by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate relating to, or change in employee participation of coverage under, any Benefit Plan which would increase materially the expense of maintaining such Benefit Plan above the level of the expense incurred therefor for the most recent fiscal year.
(vii)
 
Except as set forth on of the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the execution nor delivery of this Agreement, nor the consummation or performance of any of the transactions contemplated herein, will (either alone or together with any other event): (i) result in any material payment (including, without limitation, any material bonus, severance, unemployment compensation, forgiveness of indebtedness, or golden parachute payment) becoming due to any current or former employee, officer or director of the Company or any Subsidiary, (ii) increase any material benefit otherwise payable under any Benefit Plan, or (iii) result in the material acceleration of the time of payment, vesting or funding, of any such benefit.
(viii)
      
Section 3.10(a)(viii)
 
        The Company or any Subsidiary has not classified any individual as an independent contractor or of similar status who, according to a Benefit Plan or the applicable Laws of the jurisdiction, should have been classified as an employee of any of the Company or any Subsidiary.  The Company or any Subsidiary does not have any material liability by reason of any employee of the Company or Subsidiary being improperly excluded from participating in any Benefit Plan.
(ix)
 
27
 
         No stock or other security issued by the Company or an ERISA Affiliate forms or has formed a part of the assets of any Benefit Plan.
(x)
 
        Except as disclosed on of the Company Disclosure Schedule, each Benefit Plan that is subject to Code Section 409A has been administered in compliance with Code Section 409A or, to the extent that it has not been administered in compliance with Code Section 409A, can be corrected without any inclusion in income of any employee of the Company or its Subsidiaries, and the regulations and other guidance issued thereunder, and no compensation shall be includable in the gross income of any employee of the Company or Subsidiary as a result of the operation of Code Section 409A with respect to any arrangements or agreements in effect prior to the Closing Date solely as a result of a documentary or operational failure under Code Section 409A occurring prior to the Effective Time.
(xi)
Section 3.10(a)(xi)
 
       To the Knowledge of the Company, all Benefit Plans, substantially all of the participants of which are non-resident aliens of the United States, comply in all material respects with all applicable local Laws.  With respect to any Benefit Plan, substantially all of the participants of which are non-resident aliens of the United States, the Company or any ERISA Affiliate has not (nor will have as a consequence of the Merger) any liability to make payment to any pension plan as a result of any deficiency or shortfall in the funding of such plan.
(xii)
 
      Each Benefit Plan can be amended, terminated or otherwise discontinued after the Closing Date in accordance with its terms, without liability to the Company or any Subsidiary (other than benefit claims and administration expenses in the Ordinary Course).
(xiii)
 
      No Benefit Plan provides, or reflects or represents any liability to provide, retiree life insurance, retiree health or other retiree employee welfare benefits to any person for any reason, except as may be required by statute, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has ever represented, promised or contracted (in writing) to any employee (either individually or to employees as a group) or any other person that such employee(s) or other person would be provided with retiree life insurance, retiree health or other retiree employee welfare benefits, except to the extent required by statute.
(xiv)
 
       The Company and its Subsidiaries have maintained workers' compensation coverage as required by applicable state Law through purchase of insurance and not by self insurance or otherwise.
(xv)
 
          .  Each Benefit Plan that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code and any trust maintained pursuant thereto has received a determination letter or opinion letter to such effect and that any such trust is exempt from federal income taxation under Section 501(c) of the Code, and nothing has occurred or failed to occur with respect to the amendment or the operations of the Benefit Plans which is reasonably likely to cause the loss of such qualification or exemption.  The Company, any of its Subsidiaries, any ERISA Affiliates, or any Benefit Plan has not engaged in any prohibited transaction (within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code) or party-in-interest transaction (within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA) with respect to any Benefit Plan that could subject the Company or its Subsidiaries to any material taxes, penalties or other liabilities under Section 4975 of the Code or Section 502(i) of ERISA.
(b)
Qualified Plans
 
28
 
           .  With respect to each Benefit Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA (other than a Multiemployer Plan) in which the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company or any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that is a member of a group of which the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company is a member and with which the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company is under common control within the meaning of Section 414(b), (c) or (m) of the Code (an ), within the five years prior to the date of this Agreement, (i) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any ERISA Affiliate has withdrawn from such Benefit Plan as a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a) (2) of ERISA), (ii) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary of the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has filed a notice of intent to terminate any such Benefit Plan or adopted any amendment to treat any such Benefit Plan as terminated, (iii) the Pension Benefit Guaranty Company () has not instituted an Action to terminate any such Benefit Plan, (iv) no material reportable event (as described in Section 4043 of ERISA) (other than those events as to which the thirty day notice period is waived) has occurred with respect to any such Benefit Plan and (v) for plan years beginning before 2008, no amendment with respect to which security was required under Section 307 of ERISA has been made.  No accumulated funding deficiency, whether or not waived, exists with respect to any such Benefit Plan.  Neither the Company, any of its Subsidiaries nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred any material liability to the PBGC with respect to any Benefit Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA, other than for the payment of premiums, all of which have been paid when past due.  No such Benefit Plan has applied for or received a waiver of the minimum funding standards imposed by Section 412 of the Code.  With respect to the actuarial report furnished to Parent under above, the information supplied to the actuary by the Company and its ERISA Affiliates for use in preparing the report was complete and accurate and neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has any reason to believe that the conclusions expressed in that report are incorrect.  No event has occurred since the date of any such actuarial report that had, or is likely to have, a materially adverse effect on the ratio of plan assets to the actuarial present value of plan obligations for accumulated benefits shown in the report.  No event has occurred and no condition exists that would subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability imposed under Section 4069 of ERISA.
(c)
Title IV Plans
ERISA Affiliate
PBGC
Section 3.10(a)(ii)
 
29
 
           .  Neither the Company, any of its Subsidiaries nor any ERISA Affiliate participates or has participated in the six years prior to the date of this Agreement in any multiemployer plan, as defined under Section 3(37) of ERISA (a ).  Neither the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate has incurred any withdrawal liability, within the meaning of Section 4201 of ERISA to any Multiemployer Plan nor does the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate have any potential withdrawal liability arising from a transaction described in Section 4204 of ERISA that has not been paid in full as of the date hereof.  All required contributions, withdrawal liability payments or other payments of any type that the Company any of its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate have been obligated to make to any Multiemployer Plan have been duly and timely made.  Neither the Company, any of its Subsidiaries nor any ERISA Affiliate has undertaken any course of action that would reasonably be expected to lead to a complete or partial withdrawal from any Multiemployer Plan.  Neither the Company, any of its Subsidiaries nor any ERISA Affiliate has received notice from the PBGC or from any Multiemployer Plan to the effect that any such plan is in reorganization within the meaning of Section 4241 of ERISA.
(d)
Multiemployer Plans
Multiemployer Plan
 
           The Company, each of its Subsidiaries and each ERISA Affiliate have materially complied, such that no material liability would reasonably be expected to result to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate as a result of the failure to so comply, with the notice and continuation coverage requirements of Section 4980B of the Code and the regulations thereunder, including, without limitation, the M&A regulations issued as Treasury Regulations  54.4980B-9, with respect to each Benefit Plan that is, or was during any taxable year of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate for which the statute of limitations on the assessment of federal income taxes remains open, by consent or otherwise, a group health plan within the meaning of Section 5000(b)(1) of the Code.  Each Benefit Plan has been operated in compliance with the applicable continuation requirements of applicable state Law mandating health insurance continuation coverage for employees of the Company or Subsidiary.
(e)
 
           .
(f)
Labor Matters
 
           With respect to the employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries, (A) within the twelve months prior to the date of this Agreement, there has not been pending nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any threatened strike, slowdown, stoppage, organizational effort, picketing, handbilling activity, representation or certification campaign, grievance, arbitration, administrative hearing, or claim of unfair labor practice, not including workers compensation claims, (B) there is no pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened Action for wrongful discharge, Action for employment discrimination, Action for sexual harassment or other Action involving an employment dispute of any nature against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (C) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries are a party to any collective bargaining agreement or other contract with any labor union or any other similar organization, no labor union or similar organization currently represents the employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries, and to the Knowledge of the Company, no labor union or similar organization, or any employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have taken any action with respect to organizing the employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries; and (D) the Company has not, in the two years prior to the date of this Agreement, effectuated a plant closing or mass layoff as those terms are defined in WARN, affecting in whole or in part any site of employment, facility, operating unit or employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries without complying with the notice requirements and other provisions of WARN which could cause any liability to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to the employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
(i)
 
30
 
          The Company and its Subsidiaries are in material compliance with all applicable Laws relating to the employment of labor, including those related to wages, hours, collective bargaining, individual and collective consultation, notice of termination, redundancy and the payment and withholding of Taxes and other sums as required by the appropriate Governmental Authority and have withheld and paid to the appropriate Governmental Authority or are holding for payment not yet due to such Governmental Authority all amounts required to be withheld from employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and are not liable for any arrears of wages, Taxes, penalties or other sums for failure to comply with any of the foregoing.  The Company and its Subsidiaries have paid in full to all employees or adequately accrued for in accordance with GAAP consistently applied all wages, salaries, commissions, bonuses, benefits and other compensation due to or on behalf of such employees and there is no claim with respect to payment of wages, salary, overtime pay or any other form of compensation that has been asserted or is now pending or threatened before any Governmental Authority with respect to any persons currently or formerly employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.  Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to, or otherwise bound by, any consent decree with, or citation or order by, any Governmental Authority relating to employees or employment practices.  There is no charge or proceeding with respect to a violation of any occupational safety or health standards that has been asserted and is now pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened with respect to the Company.  There is no charge of discrimination in employment or employment practices, for any reason, including, without limitation, age, gender, race, religion or other legally protected category, which has been asserted and is now pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened before the United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, or any other Governmental Authority in any jurisdiction in which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have employed or employ any person.  No inquiry or investigation affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has been made and is now pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened by the Commission for Racial Equality, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or any similar body.
(ii)
 
         Except as set forth in of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the employment of each of the employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is terminable at will, without cause or prior notice.  Neither the consummation of the Merger nor any termination of employment of any employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries will result in or give rise to (A) any liability to make any severance, retention, termination, change of control, golden parachute, or any other payment to present or former employees; or (B) the acceleration of any other rights or benefits to any present or former employee, whether pursuant to a Benefit Plan, Law, contract or otherwise.  There are no customs, established practices or discretionary arrangements of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in relation to the termination of employment of any of its employees (whether voluntary or involuntary).  Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any outstanding liability to pay compensation for loss of office or employment or a redundancy payment to any present or former employee.  There is no term of employment of any employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which shall entitle that employee to treat the consummation of the Merger as amounting to a breach of his or her contract of employment or entitling him or her to any payment or benefit whatsoever or entitling him or her to treat himself or herself as redundant or otherwise dismissed or released from any obligation.
(iii)
Section 3.10(f)(iii)
 
31
 
SECTION 3.11.      .  The information relating to and provided by the Company and its Subsidiaries, or their respective representatives, to be contained in the registration statement on Form S-4 to be filed with the SEC by Parent for the purpose of registering the offer and sale of the Debentures to be issued in the Merger (the ), and the information included or incorporated by reference in the proxy statement to be sent to the Company Stockholders in connection with the Stockholders Meeting (as it may be amended or supplemented, the ) and in the transaction statement on Schedule 13e-3 under Section 13(e) of the Exchange Act and Rule 13(e)-3 thereunder (the ), shall not, at the date the Proxy Statement (or any amendment or supplement thereto) is first mailed to the Company Stockholders and at the time of the Stockholders' Meeting, with respect to the Proxy Statement and the Transaction Statement, and, at the date it is declared effective, with respect to the Registration Statement, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not false or misleading.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representation or warranty with respect to any information supplied by Parent, Merger Sub or any of Parents or Merger Subs representatives for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Proxy Statement, the Registration Statement or the Transaction Statement.  The Proxy Statement and the Transaction Statement will comply as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.
Registration Statement; Proxy Statement; Transaction Statement
Registration Statement
Proxy Statement
Transaction Statement
 
SECTION 3.12.      .
Property and Leases
 
           (i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a correct and complete list and address of all interests in real property owned by the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the date of this Agreement (all such real property, together with all buildings, structures and other improvements and fixtures located on or under such real property and all easements, rights and other appurtenances to such real property, are individually referred to herein as  and collectively referred to herein as the ).  Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries own fee simple title to each of the Company Properties in which it has an interest, in each case free and clear of any Liens, title defects, contractual restrictions, covenants or reservations of interests in title, except for (i) Permitted Liens, and (ii) matters set forth in of the Company Disclosure Schedule.  Except as set forth in of the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice that the Company or the applicable Subsidiary has violated any Law applicable to the ownership or operation of the Company Properties or any covenants, conditions, easements or restrictions of record affecting any of the Company Properties, which violation has not been cured and, if not cured, has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.  Except as set forth in of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there are no leases, subleases, occupancy agreements, options to purchase or rights of first refusal with respect to the Company Properties and there are no parties in possession of the Company Properties other than the Company and its Subsidiaries.
(a)
Section 3.12(a)(i)
Company Property
Company Properties
Section 3.12(a)(i)
Section 3.12(a)(i)
Section 3.12(a)(i)
 
32
 
           of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists each interest in real property leased (including ground leases) or subleased as of the date of this Agreement by the Company and any of its Subsidiaries (collectively, the ).  True, correct and complete copies of all leases, subleases and each amendment and assignment of interest related thereto executed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the extent the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received written notice of such assignment, by the landlords or fee simple title holders with respect thereto prior to the date of this Agreement concerning the Leased Properties () have been made available to Parent.  The Company or one of its Subsidiaries has the right to use and occupancy of the Leased Property for the full term of the lease or sublease relating thereto, subject to the terms of the Lease Documents.  Each such lease or sublease is a legal, enforceable and binding agreement of the Company or a Subsidiary thereof and, to the Knowledge of the Company, each of the other parties thereto, and there is no, nor has the Company or any of its Subsidiaries received notice of any, default by the Company or a Subsidiary thereof (or any condition or event, which, after notice or a lapse of time or both would constitute a default thereunder by the Company or a Subsidiary thereof), which has not been cured and, if not cured, has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.  Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries have Knowledge of any default by any other party to a Lease Document which has not been cured and, if not cured, has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.  Except for the Permitted Liens or as set forth in of the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has assigned its interest under any such lease or sublease or sublet any part of the premises covered thereby or mortgaged or otherwise encumbered any interest in any such lease or leasehold.
(ii)
Section 3.12(a)(ii)
Leased Properties
Lease Documents
Section 3.12(a)(i)
 
         Each Company Property and Leased Property, has received all approvals of Governmental Authorities (including licenses and Permits) required in connection with the ownership or lease, as applicable, and operation thereof, except where the failure to receive such approvals would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, and have been operated and maintained in all material respects in accordance with applicable Laws.  There are no pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened condemnation proceedings with respect to the Company Property or, to the Knowledge of the Company, the Leased Property that would materially adversely affect the use, occupancy or value thereof.
(iii)
 
33
 
           Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title to all the personal and non-real properties and assets reflected in their books and records as being owned by them, free and clear of all Liens, except for Permitted Liens.
(b)
 
           The Company has no Knowledge of any physical damage to any Company Properties that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.
(c)
 
SECTION 3.13.      .
Intellectual Property
 
           Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries own, license or otherwise possess legally enforceable rights to use and fully exploit all Intellectual Property used in the conduct of its business.
(a)
 
            of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains a complete and accurate list of all (i) registered patents and patent applications, (ii) registered trademarks, trademark applications, unregistered trademarks, service marks, and trade names, (iii) copyrights and copyright registrations and applications for registration of copyrights, (iv) domain name registrations, and (v) registrations and applications for registration of industrial designs, mask works or other industrial rights owned by the Company, specifying as to each such item, as applicable: (A) the owner of the item, (B) the jurisdictions in which the item is issued or registered or in which any application for issuance or registration has been filed, (C) the respective issuance, registration, or application number of the item, (D) the date of application or issuance or registration of the item; and (E) the status of any such registration or application (e.g., pending, cancelled or abandoned).
(b)
Section 3.13(b)
 
           All of the registered patents, industrial design registrations, trademark and service mark registrations, copyright registrations, mask work registrations and domain name registrations indicated in of the Company Disclosure Schedule are valid and in full force, are held of record in the name of the Company free and clear of all Liens and other claims (including by way of example and not limitation, claims of joint authors or inventors), and are not the subject of any cancellation or reexamination proceeding or any other proceeding challenging their extent or validity.  Except as set forth in of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company or the applicable Subsidiary is the applicant of record in all patent applications, and applications for trademark, service mark, trade dress, industrial design, copyright, mask work and domain name registration indicated in , and no opposition, extension of time to oppose, interference, rejection, or refusal to register has been received in connection with any such application.
(c)
Section 3.13(b)
Section 3.13(c)
Section 3.13(b)
 
34
 
            of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains a complete and accurate list of each license, sublicense, consent, settlement, joint development, collaboration or other agreement (whether written or otherwise) pertaining to the use, development or modification of any Intellectual Property used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries licenses or otherwise authorizes a third party to use Intellectual Property owned by the Company or such Subsidiary, other than the Franchise Agreements.  Neither the Company or any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any other party to such agreements is in breach of or default under any such license or other agreement and except as set forth on of the Company Disclosure Schedule, each such license or other agreement is now and immediately following the Closing shall be valid and in full force and effect.
(d)
Section 3.13(d)
Section 3.13(d)
 
           To the Knowledge of the Company, the business operations of each of the Company and its Subsidiaries as currently conducted, including but not limited to the design, development, use, import, manufacture and sale of the products, technology or services of the Company and each such Subsidiary, do not infringe, dilute, misappropriate or otherwise violate the Intellectual Property of any third party, or constitute unfair competition or trade practices under the Laws of any jurisdiction.  Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any pending claims that a third party has violated or infringed any of the Company's Intellectual Property.
(e)
 
           To the Knowledge of the Company, there has been no unauthorized disclosure, publication or other release of the trade secrets or other confidential or proprietary information of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
(f)
 
           The information technology systems owned, licensed, leased, operated on behalf of, or otherwise held for use in the business by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, including all computer hardware, software, firmware and telecommunications systems used in the businesses of Company and its Subsidiaries (the ), are operated and maintained in a commercially appropriate manner, including without limitation, by installing and operating appropriate network and workstation security firewall systems and screening the IT Systems, and the components thereof, for the presence of known computer software viruses.  Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has taken commercially appropriate steps to provide for the archival and restoration of the critical business data of the Company and such Subsidiary in the event of a disaster.
(g)
IT Systems
 
SECTION 3.14.      .  Except as set forth i of the Company Disclosure Schedule:
Taxes
n Section 3.14
 
35
 
           All federal Tax Returns and all other Tax Returns required to be filed by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Tax Subsidiaries have been properly and timely filed with the appropriate taxing authorities in all jurisdictions in which such Tax Returns are required to be filed (after giving effect to any valid extensions of time in which to make such filings), and all such Tax Returns, as amended, are accurate and complete in all material respects.  Except as and to the extent publicly disclosed by the Company in the Company SEC Reports, (i) all Taxes payable by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Tax Subsidiaries (whether or not shown in a Tax Return) have been fully and timely paid or adequately provided for in accordance with GAAP, and (ii) adequate reserves or accruals for Taxes have been provided in accordance with GAAP with respect to any period for which Tax Returns have not yet been filed or for which Taxes are not yet due and owing or for which Taxes are being contested in good faith.  Neither the Company nor any of its Tax Subsidiaries has executed or filed with the IRS or any other taxing authority any agreement, waiver or other document or arrangement extending or having the effect of extending the period for assessment or collection of Taxes (including, but not limited to, any applicable statute of limitation), and no power of attorney with respect to any Tax matter is currently in force and no request for any such waiver or extension is currently pending.   of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains a list of all jurisdictions (whether foreign or domestic) to which any Tax is payable by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and with whom Tax Returns are required to be filed by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
(a)
Section 3.14
 
           No audit or other proceeding by any taxing authority is ongoing or pending with respect to any Taxes due from or with respect to any Tax Subsidiary, and there is no dispute with respect to any liability for Taxes of the Company or any Tax Subsidiary either claimed or raised, or to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened in writing.
(b)
 
           The Company and its Tax Subsidiaries (i) have complied in all respects with all applicable Laws, rules and regulations relating to the payment and withholding of Taxes; and (ii) have duly and timely withheld from any compensation payable and from distributions to any stockholder or payments to any creditor and have paid over to the appropriate taxing authorities all amounts required to be withheld and paid over on or prior to the due date thereof under all applicable Laws.
(c)
 
           Neither the Company nor any of its Tax Subsidiaries has received written notice from any taxing authority in a jurisdiction in which the Company or such Tax Subsidiary does not file a Tax Return stating that the Company or such Tax Subsidiary is or may be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction.
(d)
 
           Neither the Company nor any of its Tax Subsidiaries (i) is a party to any Tax sharing, Tax indemnity or similar agreement or arrangement, other than any agreement or arrangement between the Company and any of its Tax Subsidiaries, pursuant to which it will have any obligation to make any payments after the Closing and (ii) has any liability for the Taxes of any Person other than the Company and its Tax Subsidiaries (x) under Treasury Regulation 1.1502-6 (or similar provision of state, local or foreign law), (y) as transferee or successor or (z) by contract.
(e)
 
           Within the past two years, neither the Company nor any Tax Subsidiary has distributed stock of another Person in a transaction intended to be governed by Section 355 of the Code, nor has the stock of the Company or any Tax Subsidiary been distributed in transaction intended to be governed by Section 355 of the Code.
(f)
 
           Neither the Company nor any Tax Subsidiary has engaged in a "reportable transaction" as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4, or any transaction that is the same as, or substantially similar to, any "listed transactions" as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4(b)(2).
(g)
 
36
 
           Neither the Company nor any Tax Subsidiary has been at any time a United States Real Property Holding Corporation within the meaning of Section 897(c)(2) of the Code.
(h)
 
           Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary (i) has elected to change, or is required to change, a method of accounting for Tax purposes pursuant to Section 481 of the Code or otherwise that will have a continuing effect following the Closing or (ii) is the subject of any closing agreement with respect to Taxes that will have continuing effect following the Closing.
(i)
 
           The Company and its Tax Subsidiaries have not made any payments and are not obligated to make any payments, nor are the Company and its Tax Subsidiaries a party to any agreement that under certain circumstances could obligate it to make any payments that will not be deductible under either Sections 280G or 162(m) of the Code.
(j)
 
           There are no excess loss accounts, deferred intercompany transactions, or other items of income, gain, loss, deduction or credit of the Company and its Tax Subsidiaries under the federal consolidated return regulations or other comparable or similar provisions of state law that must be recognized or may be triggered as a result of the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
(k)
 
SECTION 3.15.      .
Environmental Matters
 
           Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries and the Company Properties are in compliance in all material respects with all Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits (as defined below).
(a)
 
           Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries possesses and maintains all material Permits required by Environmental Laws (collectively, ) in connection with their ownership of the Company Properties and in connection with the operation of their business as it is now conducted.  There is no Action pending, or to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened, that seeks revocation, cancellation, withdrawal, suspension or any adverse modification of such Environmental Permits.  The Company and its Subsidiaries have timely filed all applications necessary to renew such Environmental Permits, except where the failure by the Company to timely file any such application would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.  The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement do not require any consent, approval, license, authorization, registration, certification, permit or any other action of any Governmental Authority in connection with Environmental Laws or other third party relating to any Environmental Permit (collectively, ), except where the failure to obtain such Environmental Consents would not reasonably be expected to have  a Company Material Adverse Effect.
(b)
Environmental Permits
Environmental Consents
 
37
 
           None of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, the Company Properties or the Leased Properties is subject to any pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened Environmental Liabilities, which would reasonably be expected to result in the Company or any of its Subsidiaries incurring a material Environmental Liability.
(c)
 
           With respect to the Company Properties and the Leased Properties, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has arranged for the treatment, storage or disposal of or otherwise caused to be treated, stored or disposed of any Hazardous Material, (i) with respect to which they have received any written notice of any actual or potential Environmental Liabilities which have not been resolved in all material respects, or (ii) to the Knowledge of the Company, at any off-site location listed on the National Priorities List, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Information System, or any other list, schedule, log, inventory or record, which is publicly available, searchable and maintained by a Governmental Authority with respect to sites where there has been a Release or threatened Release of Hazardous Materials.
(d)
 
           No Release of Hazardous Material has occurred on, at or under any Company Property since the acquisition of the Company Property by the Company or since the leasing of the Leased Property by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, which would reasonably be expected to result in the Company or any of its Subsidiaries incurring a material Environmental Liability.
(e)
 
           Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written request for information from any Governmental Authority, pursuant to Section 104(e) of CERCLA or any similar Environmental Law, which would reasonably be expected to result in the Company or any of its Subsidiaries incurring a material Environmental Liability.
(f)
 
           The Company and its Subsidiaries have made available to Parent true and complete copies of all environmental audits and other material environmental documents and reports, studies, analysis, tests or monitoring in their possession or control relating to the Company Properties, the Leased Properties and their Environmental Liabilities.
(g)
 
           To the Companys Knowledge, except as set forth in this Agreement, there is no information in the possession or control of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that discloses facts or circumstances with respect to the Company Properties, the Leased Properties or the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries that would reasonably be expected to result in material Environmental Liabilities.
(h)
 
           Except as set forth in of the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has retained or assumed by contract any material Environmental Liabilities.
(i)
Section 3.15(i)
 
           To the Knowledge of the Company, there are no Hazardous Materials present at any of the Company Properties or the Leased Properties, including any Hazardous Materials contained in barrels above ground or underground storage tanks, landfills, land deposits, dumps, equipment (whether movable or fixed) or other containers, either temporary or permanent, and deposited or located in land, water or any other part of any of the Company Properties or the Leased Properties, or incorporated into any structure therein or thereon, which would reasonably be expected to result in the Company or any of its Subsidiaries incurring a material Environmental Liability.
(j)
 
38
 
SECTION 3.16.      .
Material Contracts
 
            of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains, as of the date of this Agreement, a complete and accurate listing of the following contracts, agreements, commitments, leases, licenses, arrangements, instruments and obligations, whether written or oral (and, if oral, a complete and accurate summary thereof), to which the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company is a party, together with all amendments, waivers or other changes thereto (such contracts being ):
(a)
Section 3.16(a)
Material Contracts
 
           each contract, agreement, commitment, lease, license, arrangement, instrument and/or obligation which is reasonably likely to involve payments in excess of $50,000 in any one case or $100,000 in the aggregate by or to the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, other than any Franchise Agreement;
(i)
 
          all collective bargaining agreements, employment and consulting agreements, independent contractor agreements, severance agreements, director or officer indemnification agreements, executive compensation plans, bonus plans, deferred compensation agreements, employee pension plans or retirement plans, employee profit sharing plans, employee stock purchase and similar plans, group life insurance, hospitalization insurance or other similar plans or arrangements maintained for or providing benefits to employees of, or independent contractors or other agents for, the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company;
(ii)
 
         all broker, distributor, dealer, manufacturers representative, agency, sales promotion, market research, marketing consulting and advertising or marketing contracts and agreements in excess of $50,000 in any one case;
(iii)
 
        all contracts and agreements relating to (A) any indebtedness (which does not include accounts payable incurred in the Ordinary Course), notes payable (including notes payable in connection with acquisitions), accrued interest payable or other obligations for borrowed money, whether current, short-term, or long-term, secured or unsecured, of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in excess of $50,000 in the aggregate, (B) any purchase money indebtedness or earn-out or similar obligation in respect of purchases of property or assets by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (C) any lease obligations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under leases which are capital leases in accordance with GAAP, (D) any financing of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries effected through special purpose entities or synthetic leases or project financing, (E) any obligations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of bankers acceptances or letters of credit (other than stand-by letters of credit in support of Ordinary Course trade payables), (F) any obligation or liability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to interest rate swaps, collars, caps, currency derivatives and similar hedging obligations in excess of $50,000 in the aggregate, or (G) any guarantee of any of the foregoing (the liabilities and obligations referred to in (A) through (G) above, ) or any Liens upon any properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company as security for such Indebtedness;
(iv)
Indebtedness
 
39
 
         all contracts and licenses relating to the Intellectual Property, other than those entered into in connection with Franchise Agreements in the Ordinary Course;
(v)
 
        all contracts and agreements that (A) limit the ability of the Company and/or any Subsidiary or affiliate of, or successor to, the Company and/or any Subsidiary, or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any executive officer of the Company and/or any Subsidiary, to compete in any line of business or with any Person or in any geographic area or during any period of time, (B) require the Company and/or any Subsidiary or affiliate of, or successor to, the Company and/or any Subsidiary to use any supplier or third party for all or substantially all of any of its material requirements or need in any respect, (C) limit or purport to limit the ability of Company and/or any Subsidiary or affiliate of, or successor to, the Company and/or any Subsidiary to solicit any customers or clients of the other parties thereto, (D) require the Company and/or any Subsidiary or affiliate of, or successor to, the Company and/or any Subsidiary to provide to the other parties thereto most favored nation pricing, or (E) require the Company and/or any Subsidiary or affiliate of, or successor to, the Company and/or any Subsidiary to market or co-market any products or services of a third party;
(vi)
 
       all joint venture contracts, partnership arrangements or other agreements outside the Ordinary Course involving a sharing of profits, losses, costs or liabilities of any Person by the Company or any Subsidiary with any third Person;
(vii)
 
      all powers of attorney and proxies entered into by or granted to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, whether limited or general, revocable or irrevocable;
(viii)
 
         each contract otherwise described in this containing any provisions (A) contemplating or relating in any way to a change in control or similar event with respect to the Company or any one or more of its Subsidiaries or otherwise having the effect of providing that the consummation of the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the execution, delivery or effectiveness of this Agreement will materially conflict with, result in a violation or breach of, or constitute a default (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) under, such contract or give rise under such contract to any right of, or result in, a termination, right of first refusal, material amendment, revocation, cancellation or material acceleration, or a loss of a material benefit or the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company, Parent or any of their respective Subsidiaries, or to any increased, guaranteed, accelerated or additional rights or material entitlements of any Person, or (B) prohibiting or imposing any restrictions on the assignment of all or any portion of such contract by Subsidiaries, including provisions requiring consent or approval of, or notice to, any Person in the event of a change in control of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any other Person (without regard to any exception permitting assignments to Subsidiaries or affiliates);
(ix)
Section 3.16(a)
 
40
 
          all contracts, agreements and arrangements entered into by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and any other Person providing for the acquisition by the Company or such Subsidiary (including by merger, consolidation, acquisition of stock or assets or any other business combination) of any corporation, partnership, other business organization or division or unit thereof or any material amount of assets of such other Person, and information identifying the maximum amounts, if any, that are still payable or potentially payable to any other Person under such contracts, agreements and arrangements pursuant to any post-closing adjustment to the purchase price (including under any earnout or other similar provision);
(x)
 
         all confidentiality, non-disclosure and/or standstill agreements entered into by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than in the Ordinary Course) except those which have expired by their terms; and
(xi)
 
        all other contracts, agreements, commitments, leases, licenses, arrangements, instruments and/or obligations, whether or not made in the Ordinary Course, which are material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, the conduct of the business thereof, or the termination or cancellation of which would have or would reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.
(xii)
 
           The Company has made available to Parent and Merger Sub true, complete and correct copies of all Material Contracts, together with all amendments, waivers or other changes thereto, and has been given a written summary of all oral Material Contracts.  Each Material Contract is in full force and effect (except for those Material Contracts that have expired in accordance with their terms) and is a legal, valid and binding agreement of the Company or its Subsidiary, as the case may be, and, to the Knowledge of the Company, of each other party thereto, enforceable against the Company or such Subsidiary, as the case may be, and, to the Knowledge of the Company, against the other party or parties thereto, in each case, in accordance with its terms, except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium or other similar Laws relating to the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general principles of equity, except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.  Except as set forth in of the Company Disclosure Schedule, and except for matters that have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, (i) none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is (with or without the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both) in breach or default in any respect under any Material Contract, (ii) to the Knowledge of the Company, none of the other parties to any such Material Contract is (with or without the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both) in breach or default in any respect thereunder, (iii) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice of the intention of any party to terminate or cancel any such Material Contract whether as a termination or cancellation for convenience or for default of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and (iv) neither the execution of this Agreement nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby shall constitute a default under, or give rise to cancellation rights under, or otherwise adversely affect any of the Companys rights under any Material Contract.
(b)
Section 3.16(b)
 
41
 
SECTION 3.17.      .   of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains a true and complete list of all material policies of liability, theft, fidelity, business interruption, key man life, fire, product liability, workers compensation and other forms of insurance held by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in effect as of the date of this Agreement.  True and complete copies of each such insurance policy have been made available to Parent.  With respect to each policy of insurance listed on of the Company Disclosure Schedule, all such policies are in full force and effect, all premiums due and payable thereon have been paid, and no notice of cancellation or termination has been received with respect to any such policy which has not been replaced on substantially similar terms prior to the date of such cancellation.  There is no material claim pending under any such policies as to which coverage has been questioned, denied or disputed.  Such policies are sufficient for compliance with (a) all requirements of applicable Laws and (b) all contracts to which the Company is a party, and such policies are valid, outstanding and enforceable.  To the Companys Knowledge, the Company has not been refused any insurance with respect to its or any of its Subsidiaries' assets or operations, and its coverage has not been limited by any insurance carrier to which it has applied for any such insurance or with which it has carried insurance, during the last five years.
Insurance
Section 3.17
Section 3.17
 
SECTION 3.18.      .  The approval by the Company Board and the Company Special Committee of this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby constitutes approval of this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby for purposes of Section 203 of the DGCL and represents the only action necessary to ensure that Section 203 of the DGCL does not and will not apply to the execution, delivery, performance and consummation of this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby.
State Takeover Statutes
 
SECTION 3.19.      .  Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (including any of their officers or directors) nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any of their respective agents, distributors, employees or other Person associated with or acting on their behalf has, directly or indirectly, taken any action which would cause it to be in violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or any rules or regulations thereunder or any similar anti-corruption or anti-bribery law applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in any jurisdiction other than the United States (collectively, the ), used any corporate funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity, made, offered or authorized any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees, whether directly or indirectly, or made, offered or authorized any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other similar unlawful payment, whether directly or indirectly.
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
FCPA
 
42
 
SECTION 3.20.      .  Except as set forth in of the Company Disclosure Schedule or as described in the Company SEC Reports filed prior to the date hereof, no officer or director of the Company or of any Subsidiary of the Company (or, to the Companys Knowledge, any family member of any such Person who is an individual or any entity in which any such Person or any such family member owns a material beneficial interest) or any Person owning 5% or more of the Common Stock is a party to any material contract, agreement, commitment, lease, license, arrangement, instrument, obligation, transaction or understanding with or binding upon the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets, in each case that are required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Exchange Act.
Affiliate Contracts and Affiliated Transactions
Section 3.20
 
SECTION 3.21.      .  No broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other Person, other than B. Riley & Co., the fees and expenses of which will be paid by the Company, is entitled to any brokers, finders, financial advisors or other similar fee or commission in connection with the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by the Company Special Committee on behalf of the Company.   of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth the amount of any brokers fees, financial advisors or other similar fees payable by the Company in connection with the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, other than fees payable to B. Riley & Co.
Brokers and Other Expenses
Section 3.21
 
SECTION 3.22.      .  Prior to the execution of this Agreement, B. Riley & Co. has delivered to the Company Special Committee its written opinion (the ) to the effect that, as of the date thereof and based upon and subject to the matters set forth therein and in reliance thereon, the Merger Consideration to be received by the Company Stockholders in the Merger, after giving effect to the Parent Share Distribution is, in the aggregate, fair to the Company Stockholders from a financial standpoint.  As of the date of this Agreement, the Company Fairness Opinion has not been withdrawn, revoked, waived, amended, modified or supplemented in any respect.
Fairness Opinion
Company Fairness Opinion
 
SECTION 3.23.      .  Except as set forth in of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no supplier of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has provided more than 5% of the products and supplies required for the operation of the respective business of the Company or such Subsidiary during the most recently completed fiscal year and the subsequent interim period.  None of the suppliers listed in of the Company Disclosure Schedule (each, a ) has canceled or otherwise terminated, or made any written threat to the Company or such Subsidiary to cancel or otherwise terminate, its relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, or has decreased materially its services or supplies to the Company or such Subsidiary.  The Company has not received written notice, and the Company has no reason to believe, that the Company and its Subsidiaries will experience any material difficulty in obtaining, in the desired quantity and quality, the raw materials or supplies required for the operation of their respective businesses.  Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged in any fraudulent conduct with respect to any of the Suppliers.
Suppliers
Section 3.23
Section 3.23
Supplier
 
43
 
SECTION 3.24.      .  The books, records and accounts of the Company and its Subsidiaries, in all material respects (a) have been maintained in accordance with good business practices on a basis consistent with prior years; (b) are stated in reasonable detail and accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries; and (c) accurately and fairly reflect the basis for the financial statements contained in the Company SEC Reports.
Books and Records
 
SECTION 3.25.       .
Broker-Dealer, Fund and Investment Advisory Matters
 
           Mustang Capital Management, LLC is duly registered as an investment adviser with the SEC and has made required notice filings and obtained such investment adviser registrations required by each other applicable Governmental Authority pursuant to applicable Law and such registrations are in full force and effect.  Mustang Capital Management, LLC is in compliance with all applicable federal, state and foreign Laws requiring such registration, licensing or qualification, and is not subject to any liability or disability by reason of the failure to be so registered, licensed or qualified.  There is no Action pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened which would reasonably be expected to lead to the revocation, amendment, failure to renew, limitation, suspension or restriction of such registration, license or qualification.
(a)
 
           None of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers or employees, is or is required to be registered, licensed or qualified as a broker-dealer, futures commission merchant, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, registered principal, registered representative, insurance agent, salesperson, or in any other capacity, with the SEC or any securities or insurance commission or other Governmental Authority as required by applicable Law.
(b)
 
           Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary (i) is an investment company within the meaning of the 1940 Act, or (ii) serves in any capacity described in Section 9(a) or 9(b) of the 1940 Act with respect to any investment company registered under the 1940 Act or any company required to be registered as an investment company under the 1940 Act.
(c)
 
           With respect to Mustang Capital Management, LLC, (i) such person is not (taking into account any applicable exemption) ineligible pursuant to Section 203(e) of the Advisers Act to act as an investment adviser, (ii) no person associated (as defined in Section 202(a)(17) of the Advisers Act) with such person is (taking into account any applicable exemption) ineligible under Section 203(f) of the Advisers Act to serve as a person associated with an investment adviser, and (iii) there is no Action pending and served on the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or, to the Companys Knowledge, pending and not so served or threatened by any Governmental Authority, which would result in (A) the ineligibility under such Section 203(e) of such person to act as an investment adviser or (B) the ineligibility under such Section 203(f) of such person associated with such person to serve as a person associated with an investment adviser.
(d)
 
44
 
           The Company has not received written notice of, any violations of any of the above.
(e)
 
           Mustang Capital Management, LLC has at all times since January 1, 2004 rendered investment advisory services to all Clients and to investment Funds in compliance with all requirements, if any, as to investment objectives, portfolio composition and portfolio management, the terms of the applicable Investment Advisory Agreement, written instructions from such Clients and Funds, offering memoranda, applicable law and, to the Companys Knowledge, the organizational documents of such Clients and Funds.
(f)
 
SECTION 3.26.      .
Franchises
 
           True and complete copies of all Franchise Agreements in effect as of the date hereof relating to any of the following brands:  Western Sizzlin, Western Sizzlin Wood Grill, Great American Steak & Buffet and Quincy Steakhouses (the ) have been delivered or made available to Parent.  The Company and its Subsidiaries have had, at all relevant times, the corporate, partnership or limited liability company power and authority and legal right to enter into and carry out the terms of each Franchise Agreement.  Except set forth in of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Companys and its Subsidiaries' existing Franchise Agreements (i) do not obligate the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to buy or otherwise acquire the stock, assets or contractual rights of any Franchisee, (ii) do not impose on the Company or any if its Subsidiaries an obligation to guarantee any Franchisees lease obligations, third party financing obligations or any other material obligations to third parties, and (iii) impose on Franchisees an obligation to comply with all applicable Laws.  Except as set forth on of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no Person holds any option or right to acquire from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries any Franchise Agreements.  Except as set forth in of the Company Disclosure Schedule, none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has granted any sub-franchising or developmental rights to any of the Brands which remain in force.  All of the Franchise Agreements are legal, valid and binding agreements, enforceable against the Company or its Subsidiary party thereto, as applicable, and to the Knowledge of the Company, enforceable against each Franchisee thereunder, subject to any Franchisees bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar proceeding under state or federal law; there are no existing material defaults by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries thereunder; no event has occurred which (with notice, or lapse of time, or both) would constitute a material default by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries thereunder or which would permit any Franchisee to terminate its Franchise Agreement, or that would otherwise, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.  To the Knowledge of Company, there have been no fees received by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to a Franchise Agreement that are currently, or which with the execution of this Agreement, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the passage of time, or the giving of notice, or both, would be subject to a claim for refund by a Franchisee.   of the Company Disclosure Schedule specifies each Franchisee that, to the Knowledge of Company, (i) is in default under a Franchise Agreement; (ii) has received notice from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries during the past twelve months that such Franchisee is or was in default under such Franchise Agreement; or (iii) is the subject of a case under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or any other bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar case or proceeding under state or federal law.  Each Franchise Agreement entered into since January 1, 2006, is substantially similar to the form of Franchise Agreement incorporated into the Uniform Franchise Offering Circular or, as applicable, the franchise disclosure document (collectively, the ) that was issued to the Franchisee contemporaneously with the sale of the franchise by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to the Franchisee.  Except as set forth in of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Companys rights under its Franchise Agreements have not been subordinated to the interests of a Franchisees lender and no provision regarding the calculation and payment of royalty fees in any Franchise Agreement has been waived, altered or modified in any material respect.  Except as set forth in of the Company Disclosure Schedule, since January 1, 2006, no Franchise Agreement has been rescinded or terminated prior to its stated expiration date; and to Companys Knowledge, no basis for any demand of rescission, set-off, credit, reduction in payment required to be made pursuant to the terms of any Franchise Agreement, counterclaim or defense exists or has been asserted or threatened with respect to any Franchise Agreement.  Except as set forth in of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no notices of default have been issued by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any Franchise Agreement for a default which has not been cured, and none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has waived any default by a Franchisee which would materially and adversely affect any Franchise Agreement.  Since January 1, 2006, all offers and sales of Franchise Agreements, and terminations or non-renewals of Franchise Agreements have complied in all material respects with applicable Law and the terms of the respective Franchise Agreements.
(a)
Brands
Section 3.26(a)
Section 3.26(a)
Section 3.26(a)
Section 3.26(a)
UFOCs
Section 3.26(a)
Section 3.26(a)
Section 3.26(a)
 
45
 
           Since January 1, 2006, the Company and its Subsidiaries have prepared and maintained each of their previous and current UFOCs for the Brands in an accurate manner and in accordance with applicable Law, have filed and maintained their UFOCs in all states or other jurisdictions in which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries offered or sold franchises which required filing, registration and/or approval prior to offers or sales of franchises in such states or other jurisdictions and have not failed to file any required amendments, updates or renewals on a timely and accurate basis.  The Company has provided or made available to Parent prior to the date hereof, copies of all material correspondence since January 1, 2006 relating to the registration and renewals of the UFOCs in the applicable states or other jurisdictions.  Since January 1, 2006, the respective officers and directors of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries, and to the Knowledge of the Company, the respective employees, agents and Representatives of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries have not furnished any materials or information which are in any way inconsistent with any "earnings claim" information or financial performance representations set forth in Item 19 of the UFOCs, as that term is defined by federal and state franchising laws, or which would otherwise constitute "earnings claims" or financial performance representations as so defined.
(b)
 
           Except as set forth in of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there are no other Material Contracts or special arrangements with any Franchisee other than as set forth in the respective Franchise Agreements or as disclosed in the UFOCs.
(c)
Section 3.26(c)
 
46
 
           Except as set forth in of the Company Disclosure Schedule, since January 1, 2006, none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have maintained any advertising funds requiring any Franchisee to make payments to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or to an advertising fund for use in connection with national or regional advertising, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has required any Franchisee to participate in any national, regional, or local advertising cooperatives (collectively, ).  The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have since January 1, 2006 complied in all respects with all agreements governing the Franchise Funds.  The only covenants or agreements governing the Franchise Funds are contained in the Franchise Agreements or disclosed in the UFOCs.  Since January 1, 2006, the Franchise Funds and all monies paid thereto have been collected, accounted for, allocated and used in accordance with the Franchise Agreements or as disclosed in the UFOCs.  The Company has provided Parent with all copies of documents pertaining to the Franchise Funds as well as all documents relating to any Franchisee advisory councils, any local advertising cooperatives, Franchisee associations, or related organizations affecting any of the Brands.  To the Companys Knowledge, there are no allegations that any of the expenditures from the Franchise Funds have been used for or applied to anything other than as expressly permitted by the terms and conditions of each Franchise Agreement or were otherwise improperly collected, accounted for, maintained, used or applied. Except as described in of the Company Disclosure Schedules, to the Companys Knowledge, no franchise association (either independent or Company sponsored) is currently in place.  The organization of a franchise association is not currently contemplated by the Company, nor, to the Companys Knowledge, any Franchisee.
(d)
Section 3.26(d)
Franchise Funds
Section 3.26(d)
 
            of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains a description of any contract, agreement, arrangement, commitment, instrument, plan, practice, authorization, understanding, obligation or other undertaking of any kind or character under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries receives rebates, discounts or other remuneration from suppliers of goods or services to its Franchisees.  The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has complied in all material respects with all contractual obligations governing such entity's receipt and disclosure of such rebates, discounts or other remuneration from such suppliers.  Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a guarantor or otherwise a party to any agreement pursuant to which it agreed to become directly or contingently liable for any obligation of any Franchisee.
(e)
Section 3.26(e)
 
           The Company has maintained all files, books and records relating to the Franchise Agreements and franchise system which are sufficiently complete and accurate in all material respects.   of the Company Disclosure Schedule includes a list of each of the current Operations Manuals utilized by the Franchisees for each Brand, and true and complete copies of such Operations Manuals have been provided by the Company to Parent.
(f)
Section 3.26(f)
 
47
 
           There are no written or oral contracts, agreements, arrangements, commitments, instruments, plans, practices, authorizations, understandings, obligations or other undertakings of any kind or character with independent sales representatives, contractors, brokers or consultants under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has authorized any Person to sell or promote franchises on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or agreed to rebate or share amounts receivable under any Franchise Agreement.
(g)
 
           Neither the execution of this Agreement nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein, including the Merger, would result in a violation of or a default under, or give rise to a right of termination, modification, cancellation, rescission or acceleration of any obligation or loss of material benefits under, any Franchise Agreement.
(h)
 
            Except as set forth in of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there is no Action pending, or to the Knowledge of Company, threatened against or involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any of its Franchisees, and to the Companys Knowledge, there is no basis for any such Action.  To the Companys Knowledge, there is no Action pending or threatened against any Franchisee which is reasonably likely to require or cause the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to be joined as a party thereto or which otherwise is reasonably likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.
(i)
Section 3.26(i)
 
            Except as set forth in of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no Franchisee of the Company has (i) since January 1, 2009, paid royalty payments or other payments owed to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in installments or otherwise on a schedule other than as set forth in the Franchisee's Franchise Agreement and (ii) since January 1, 2009, made a royalty payment or other payment owed to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries more than fifteen (15) days after such payment became due.
(j)
Section 3.26(j)
 
 
Except as set forth in the disclosure schedule that has been prepared by Parent and delivered by Parent to the Company in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement (the ), Parent and Merger Sub hereby, jointly and severally, represent and warrant to the Company that:
Parent Disclosure Schedule
 
SECTION 4.01.      .  Parent is a corporation duly organized and in existence under the Laws of the State of Indiana, for which all reports required to be filed with the Indiana Secretary of State have been filed, and for which no articles of dissolution have been filed with the Indiana Secretary of State.  Merger Sub is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the State of Delaware.  Each of Parent and Merger Sub has the requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted, except where the failure to have such power and authority would not prevent or materially delay consummation of any of the transactions contemplated hereby, or otherwise prevent Parent or Merger Sub from performing its obligations under this Agreement.
Corporate Organization
 
48
 
SECTION 4.02.      .  Each of Parent and Merger Sub has all necessary corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.  The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub, the performance by Parent and Merger Sub of their respective obligations hereunder and the consummation by Parent and Merger Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Parent and Merger Sub, and no other corporate proceedings on the part of Parent or Merger Sub are necessary to authorize this Agreement and the performance by Parent and Merger Sub of their respective obligations hereunder or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby (other than, with respect to the consummation of the Merger, the filing and recordation of appropriate merger documents as required by the DGCL).  This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Parent and Merger Sub and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the Company, constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of each of Parent and Merger Sub enforceable against each of Parent and Merger Sub in accordance with its terms, subject to the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency (including all Laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or similar Laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to the effect of general principles of equity (regardless of whether considered in a proceeding at Law or in equity).
Authority Relative to This Agreement
 
SECTION 4.03.      .
No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents
 
           The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub do not, and the performance of this Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub will not, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby by Parent and Merger Sub will not, (i) conflict with or violate the certificate of incorporation or bylaws or other equivalent organizational documents of either Parent or Merger Sub, (ii) assuming that all consents, approvals and other authorizations described in have been obtained and that all filings and other actions described in have been made or taken, conflict with or violate, in any material respect, any Law applicable to Parent or Merger Sub or by which any property or asset of either of them is bound, or (iii) result in any material breach of, or constitute a material default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would become a material default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the creation of a Lien on any property or asset of Parent or Merger Sub pursuant to, any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement, lease, license, permit, franchise or other instrument or obligation to which Parent or Merger Sub is a party or by which Parent or Merger Sub or any property or asset of either of them is bound or affected, except, with respect to clauses (ii) and (iii), for any such conflicts, violations, breaches, defaults or other occurrences which would not prevent or materially delay consummation of any of the transactions contemplated hereby or otherwise prevent Parent or Merger Sub from performing its obligations under this Agreement.
(a)
Section 3.05(b)
Section 3.05(b)
 
 
49
 
           The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub do not, and the performance of their obligations under this Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub will not, require any consent, approval, authorization or permit of, or filing with or notification to, any Governmental Authority, except for (i) applicable requirements, if any, of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or Blue Sky Laws, (ii) the filing and recordation of appropriate merger documents as required by the DGCL and (iii) where the failure to obtain such consents, approvals, authorizations or permits, or to make such filings or notifications, would not prevent or materially delay consummation of any of the transactions contemplated hereby, or otherwise prevent Parent or Merger Sub from performing its obligations under this Agreement.
(b)
 
SECTION 4.04.      .  The information relating to and provided by Parent and Merger Sub to be contained in the Registration Statement, the Proxy Statement and the Transaction Statement shall not, at the date the Proxy Statement (or any amendment or supplement thereto) is first mailed to the Company Stockholders and at the time of the Stockholders Meeting, with respect to the Proxy Statement and the Transaction Statement, and, at the date it is declared effective, with respect to the Registration Statement, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not false or misleading.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Parent and Merger Sub make no representation or warranty with respect to any information supplied by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Representatives for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement, the Proxy Statement or the Transaction Statement.  The Registration Statement will comply as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.
Registration Statement; Proxy Statement; Transaction Statement
 
SECTION 4.05.      .
SEC Filings; Financial Statements
 
           Parent has timely filed or furnished all forms, reports, schedules, statements and documents required to be filed or furnished by it with the SEC since January 1, 2006 (the ).  As of their respective dates or, if amended, as of the date of such amendment, the Parent SEC Reports (i) complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder applicable to such Parent SEC Reports and, to the extent applicable, SOX, and (ii) did not, at the time they were filed, or, if amended, as of the date of such amendment, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.  As of the date of this Agreement, there are no outstanding or unresolved comments in such comment letters received by Parent from the SEC.  As of the date of this Agreement, to the Knowledge of Parent, none of the Parent SEC Reports is the subject of any ongoing review by the SEC.
(a)
Parent SEC Reports
 
50
 
Each of the consolidated financial statements (including, in each case, any notes thereto) contained in the Parent SEC Reports (the ) were prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods indicated (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and each fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows of Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the respective dates thereof and for the respective periods indicated therein, except as otherwise noted therein (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal and recurring year end adjustments, none of which are expected to be material).  Except to the extent disclosed or reserved against the Parents most recent balance sheet (including the notes thereto) included in the Parent SEC Reports (the ), neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liability or obligation of any nature (whether accrued, absolute, contingent, determined, determinable or otherwise), except for liabilities incurred in the Ordinary Course that would not prevent or materially delay consummation of the Merger and would not reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.
(b)      
Parent Financial Statements
Parent Baseline Balance Sheet
 
Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to, or has any off-balance sheet arrangements (as defined in Item 303(a) of Regulation S-K of the SEC)), where the result, purpose or effect of such contract is to avoid disclosure of any material transaction involving, or material liabilities of, Parent or any of its Subsidiaries the Parent Financial Statements.
(c)      
 
SECTION 4.06.      .  Since the date of the Parent Baseline Balance Sheet, except as permitted by this Agreement, each of Parent and its Subsidiaries has conducted its business in the Ordinary Course and there has not occurred any Effect, including damage to, destruction or loss of any asset of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries (whether or not covered by insurance), constituting or that would reasonably be expect to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.
Absence of Certain Changes or Events
 
SECTION 4.07.      .  Except as set forth in of the Parent Disclosure Schedule, there is no Action pending or, to the Knowledge of Parent, threatened against or affecting Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, any property or asset of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or involving any present or former directors or officers of Parent in their capacities as such, before any Governmental Authority that individually or in the aggregate has had or would, if adversely decided against Parent or its Subsidiaries, reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.  Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any property or asset of Parent or such Subsidiary nor any of their present or former directors or officers is subject to any continuing order of, or consent decree, settlement agreement or similar written agreement with, any Governmental Authority, or any order, judgment, injunction or decree of any Governmental Authority, in each case, that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.
Absence of Litigation
Section 4.07
 
SECTION 4.08.      .  Merger Sub is a direct wholly-owned Subsidiary of Parent.  Merger Sub was formed solely for the purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and has not engaged in any business activities or conducted any operations other than in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  All the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Merger Sub are owned of record and beneficially by Parent.
Ownership of Merger Sub; No Prior Activities
 
51
 
SECTION 4.09.      .  Other than Duff & Phelps, LLC no broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finders or other fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Parent or Merger Sub.
Brokers
 
SECTION 4.10.      .  Prior to the execution of this Agreement, Duff & Phelps, LLC has delivered to the Parent Special Committee its written opinion (the ) to the effect that, as of the date thereof and based upon and subject to the matters set forth therein, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are fair to Parent from a financial standpoint.  As of the date of this Agreement, the Parent Fairness Opinion has not been withdrawn, revoked, waived, amended, modified or supplemented in any respect.
Fairness Opinion
Parent Fairness Opinion
 
SECTION 4.11.      .  The books, records and accounts of Parent and its Subsidiaries, in all material respects (a) have been maintained in accordance with good business practices on a basis consistent with prior years; (b) are stated in reasonable detail and accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of Parent and its Subsidiaries; and (c) accurately and fairly reflect the basis for the financial statements contained in the Parent SEC Reports.
Books and Records
 
 
SECTION 5.01.      .  The Company covenants and agrees that, between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time or, if earlier, the date on which this Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms, unless Parent shall otherwise agree in writing and except as specifically permitted or required by this Agreement, the businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries shall be conducted only in, and the Company and its Subsidiaries shall not take any action except in, the Ordinary Course and in material compliance with all applicable Laws.  The Company agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to preserve intact the current business organization of the Company and its Subsidiaries, to keep available the services of its current officers, employees and consultants of the Company and its Subsidiaries, to preserve the current relationships of the Company and its Subsidiaries with franchisees, customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees, distributors and others having business dealings with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.  By way of amplification and not limitation, except as expressly contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth in of the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall, between the date of this Agreement and the earlier of the Effective Time or the date this Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms, directly or indirectly, do, or propose to do, any of the following without the prior written consent of Parent:
Conduct of Business by the Company Pending the Merger
Section 5.01
 
amend or propose to amend or otherwise change the Company Charter or Bylaws of the Company or similar organizational documents of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;
(a)      
 
except pursuant to rights under any Company Stock Option, issue, sell, pledge, dispose of, grant or encumber, or authorize the issuance, sale, pledge, disposition, grant or encumbrance of, any shares of any class of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any options, warrants, convertible securities or other rights of any kind to acquire any shares of such capital stock, any other ownership interest (including, without limitation, any phantom interest), of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;
(b)      
 
52
 
declare, set aside, make or pay any dividend or other distribution, payable in cash, stock, property or otherwise, with respect to any of its capital stock other than the Parent Share Distribution pursuant to ;
(c)      
Section 6.12
 
reclassify, combine, split, subdivide or redeem, or purchase or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any of the Companys or any of its Subsidiarys capital stock or securities directly or indirectly convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for such capital stock, except for redemptions or purchases required under Company Option Plans in accordance with their present terms;
(d)      
 
(i) acquire (including, without limitation, by merger, share exchange, consolidation, or acquisition of stock or assets or any other business combination) any corporation, partnership, other business organization or any division thereof or any material amount of assets; (ii) incur any indebtedness for borrowed money in excess of $50,000 in the aggregate or issue any debt securities or assume, guarantee or endorse, or otherwise become responsible for, the obligations of any Person (or enter into any keep-well or other agreement to maintain the financial condition of any Person having the same economic effect) other than in the Ordinary Course, or make any loans or advances, or grant any security interest in any of its assets other than a purchase money security interest; (iii) enter into, materially amend or terminate any Material Contract other than in the Ordinary Course; or (iv) dispose of any assets or properties with a fair market value in excess of $50,000 in the aggregate (other than inventory or any obsolete assets or properties);
(e)      
 
materially revalue any assets or make any material changes to its accounting policies or procedures except as required by GAAP;
(f)      
 
make any amendments to the terms of any outstanding debt or equity security (including any Company Stock Option) or any Company Option Plan, other than as may be necessary, in the sole discretion of the Company Board or the Company Special Committee, to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;
(g)      
 
make any loan, advance or capital contribution to, or otherwise make any investment in, any Person other than loans or advances to, or investments in, wholly-owned Subsidiaries of the Company existing on the date of this Agreement in the Ordinary Course and other than portfolio investments for the accounts of the investment Subsidiaries of the Company in the Ordinary Course and not involving investments that have the purpose or effect of influencing control of any Person;
(h)      
 
sell, lease, license, encumber or otherwise dispose of, or subject to any Lien, any of its assets, other than (i) sales of inventory in the Ordinary Course, (ii) portfolio sales for the account of the investment Subsidiaries of the Company in the Ordinary Course, and (iii) other dispositions in the Ordinary Course so long as the aggregate value of all assets so disposed does not exceed $50,000;
(i)      
 
53
 
(i) grant to any current or former director, officer, employee or consultant any increase in compensation, severance, termination pay or fringe or other benefits, (ii) enter into any new or amend (including by accelerating rights or benefits under) any existing, employment, consulting, indemnification, change of control, severance or termination agreement with any current or former director, officer, employee or consultant, or (iii) establish, adopt or become obligated under any new Benefit Plan or collective bargaining agreement or amend (including by accelerating rights or benefits under) any such Benefit Plan or arrangement in existence on the date hereof;
(j)      
 
settle or compromise any pending or threatened Action (i) involving potential payments by or to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of more than $50,000 in the aggregate, (ii) that admit liability or consent to non-monetary relief, or (iii) that otherwise have or would reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect;
(k)      
 
pay, discharge or satisfy any other claims, liabilities or obligations (absolute, accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise), other than in the Ordinary Course, (ii) cancel any Indebtedness in excess of $50,000 in the aggregate, (iii) waive or assign any claims or rights of substantial value, or (iv) waive any benefits of, or agree to modify in any respect, or fail to enforce, or consent to any matter with respect to which consent is required under, any confidentiality, standstill or similar agreement to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party;
(l)      
 
(i) make or rescind any tax election, (ii) take any material tax position or settle or compromise any claim, action, suit, arbitration, investigation, audit, examination, litigation, proceeding (whether judicial or administrative) or matter in controversy relating to taxes, (iii) make any material change to its method of reporting income, deductions or other tax items for tax purposes, or (iv) file any amended Tax Returns;
(m)      
 
enter into any license with respect to Intellectual Property unless such license is non-exclusive and entered into in the Ordinary Course;
(n)      
 
enter into any new line of business;
(o)      
 
make any capital expenditures in excess of an amount equal to the amount of capital expenditures specifically contemplated by the Companys 2009 budget as made available to Parent and Merger Sub prior to the date of this Agreement plus $100,000.00;
(p)      
 
enter into any contracts, agreements, commitments, leases, licenses, arrangements, instruments or obligations of the type described in or ;
(q)      
Section 3.16(a)(vi)(A)
Section 3.16(a)(vii)
 
54
 
enter into any contracts, agreements, commitments, leases, licenses, arrangements, instruments or obligations to the extent consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or compliance by the Company with the provisions of this Agreement could reasonably be expected to result in a violation or breach of such contract, agreement or arrangement;
(r)      
 
enter into, modify, amend, cancel or terminate any contract, agreement, commitment, lease, license, arrangement, instrument or obligation which if so entered into, modified, amended or terminated would reasonably be expected to (i) have a Company Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) impair in any material respect the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement;
(s)      
 
take any action that results or is reasonably likely to result in any of the representations or warranties of the Company hereunder, or omit to take any action to prevent any representations or warranties of the Company hereunder from, being untrue in any material respect or any condition in to not be satisfied;
(t)      
Article VII
 
except as otherwise specifically permitted by this Agreement, engage in any action or enter into any transaction or permit any action to be taken or transaction to be entered into that would reasonably be expected to delay the timely consummation of the Merger in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or otherwise adversely affect the Merger; or
(u)      
 
announce an intention, enter into any formal or informal agreement or arrangement, or otherwise make a commitment to do any of the foregoing.
(v)      
 
In connection with the continued operation of the Company and the Subsidiaries, the Company will confer in good faith with one or more representatives of Parent designated to the Company regarding operational matters and the general status of ongoing operations at such times reasonably requested by Parent and will notify Parent promptly of any event or occurrence that has had or may reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.
 
SECTION 5.02.      .  Parent covenants and agrees that, between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time or, if earlier, the date on which this Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms, unless the Company shall otherwise agree in writing and except as specifically permitted or required by this Agreement, the businesses of Parent and its Subsidiaries shall be conducted only in, and Parent and its Subsidiaries shall not take any action except in, the Ordinary Course and in material compliance with all applicable Laws.  Parent agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact the current business organization of Parent and its Subsidiaries, to keep available the services of its current officers, employees and consultants of Parent and its Subsidiaries, to preserve the current relationships of Parent and its Subsidiaries with franchisees, customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees, distributors and others having business dealings with Parent or any of its Subsidiaries.  By way of amplification and not limitation, except as expressly contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth in of the Parent Disclosure Schedule, neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries shall, between the date of this Agreement and the earlier of the Effective Time or the date this Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms, directly or indirectly, do, or propose to do, any of the following without the prior written consent of the Company:
Conduct of Business by Parent Pending the Merger
Section 5.02
 
55
 
take any action that results or is reasonably likely to result in any of the representations or warranties of Parent and Merger Sub hereunder, or omit to take any action to prevent any representations or warranties of Parent and Merger Sub hereunder from, being untrue in any material respect or any condition in to not be satisfied;
(a)      
Article VII
 
take any action that would reasonably be expected to constitute a breach of the covenants set forth in Section 4.02, Section 4.03 or Section 4.08 of the Indenture, if the Indenture were effective as of the date hereof;
(b)      
 
except as otherwise specifically permitted by this Agreement, engage in any action or enter into any transaction or permit any action to be taken or transaction to be entered into that would reasonably be expected to delay the timely consummation of the Merger in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or otherwise adversely affect the Merger or Parents ability to issue the Debentures; or
(c)      
 
announce an intention, enter into any formal or informal agreement or arrangement, or otherwise make a commitment to do any of the foregoing.
(d)      
 
 
SECTION 6.01.      .  The Company shall as promptly as reasonably practicable after the date hereof, in accordance with applicable Law and the Company Charter and the Company's Bylaws, duly call, give notice of, and in no event later than 25 Business Days after mailing the Proxy Statement to the Company Stockholders, convene and hold a special meeting of its stockholders solely for the purpose of considering and taking action on this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Merger, and obtaining the Stockholder Approval (the ).  In connection with the Stockholders Meeting, the Company shall (i) except to the extent that the Company Board has effected or effects an Adverse Recommendation Change in accordance with , include in the Proxy Statement, and not subsequently withdraw or modify in any manner materially adverse to Parent or Merger Sub, the recommendation of the Company Board and the Company Special Committee that the Company Stockholders approve the Merger and adopt this Agreement (the ) and (ii) use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the Stockholder Approval.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Companys obligations pursuant to this shall not be affected by the commencement, public proposal, public disclosure or communication to the Company, the Company Board or any of their advisors of any Acquisition Proposal.
Stockholders Meeting
Stockholders Meeting
Section 6.04(e)
Company Recommendation
Section 6.01
 
56
 
SECTION 6.02.      .
Proxy Statement; Registration Statement; and Transaction Statement
 
As promptly as possible, the Company and Parent shall prepare, and Parent shall file with the SEC, the Registration Statement and use reasonable efforts to have the Registration Statement declared effective.  The Company and Parent shall prepare and file a preliminary joint Proxy Statement which shall be included as a prospectus in the Registration Statement.  Parent, Merger Sub and the Company shall cooperate with each other in the preparation of the Proxy Statement and Registration Statement, and notify each other of the receipt of any comments of the SEC and of any requests by the SEC for any amendment or supplement thereto or for additional information and shall provide to each other promptly copies of all correspondence between the parties or any representative of the parties and the SEC.  The parties shall provide each other and counsel a reasonable opportunity to review the Proxy Statement and Registration Statement, including all amendments and supplements thereto, prior to filing them with the SEC and shall give each other and counsel the opportunity to review all responses to requests for additional information and replies to comments prior to their being filed with, or sent to, the SEC.  Each of the Company, Parent and Merger Sub agrees to use its reasonable best efforts, after consultation with the other parties hereto, to respond promptly to all such comments of and requests by the SEC and to cause the Proxy Statement and all required amendments and supplements thereto to be mailed to the holders of Common Stock entitled to vote at the Stockholders Meeting at the earliest practicable time; , , that the Company shall not be required to mail the Proxy Statement to its stockholders, or to call, give notice of, convene or hold the Stockholders Meeting, on or prior to the No-Shop Period Start Date.  The Registration Statement and the Proxy Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto, shall comply with applicable Law and be in form and substance satisfactory to the Company and Parent.
(a)      
provided
however
 
In connection with the filing of the Proxy Statement, the Company, acting through the Company Special Committee, and Parent shall cooperate to: (i) concurrently with the preparation and filing of the Proxy Statement and the Registration Statement (including any amendments or supplements thereto), jointly prepare and file with the SEC the Transaction Statement relating to the Merger and furnish to each other all information concerning such party as may be reasonably requested by the other party in connection with the preparation of the Transaction Statement; (ii) notify each other of the receipt of any comments of the SEC and of any requests by the SEC for any amendment or supplement thereto or for additional information and shall provide to each other promptly copies of all correspondence between the parties or any representative of the parties and the SEC; (iii) respond as promptly as reasonably practicable to any comments received from the SEC with respect to such filings and will consult with each other prior to providing such response; (iv) as promptly as reasonably practicable after consulting with each other, prepare and file any amendments or supplements necessary to be filed in response to any SEC comments or as required by Law; (v) have cleared by the SEC the Transaction Statement; and (vi) to the extent required by applicable Law, as promptly as reasonably practicable prepare, file and distribute to the stockholders of the Company any supplement or amendment to the Transaction Statement if any event shall occur which requires such action at any time prior to the Stockholders Meeting.
(b)      
 
Parent shall use its reasonable best efforts, and the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cooperate, to have the Registration Statement declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly as practical after filing.  Parent shall also take any action (other than qualifying to do business in any jurisdiction in which it is not now so qualified) required to be taken under applicable Blue Sky Laws in connection with the issuance of the Debentures in the Merger and the Company shall furnish all information concerning the Company and its security holders as may be reasonably requested in connection with any such action.
(c)      
 
57
 
If, at any time, prior to receipt of the Stockholder Approval, any event or change occurs which is required to be described in an amendment or supplement to the Proxy Statement or Registration Statement, the parties shall promptly notify each other and shall cooperate in the prompt filing with the SEC of any necessary amendment or supplement to the Proxy Statement or Registration Statement and, as required by Law, in disseminating the information contained in any such amendment or supplement of the Proxy Statement to the Company Stockholders.
(d)      
 
SECTION 6.03.      .
Access to Information; Confidentiality
 
From and after the date of this Agreement until the earlier of the Effective Time or the termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms, the Company shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries and the respective officers, directors, employees, managers, auditors and agents of the Company and its Subsidiaries to, afford the officers, employees, accountants, counsel and other representatives of Parent and Merger Sub complete access (including for the purpose of coordinating integration activities and transition planning with the employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries) at all reasonable times to the officers, employees, agents, properties, offices and other facilities, books, contracts, commitments, Tax returns and records of the Company and its Subsidiaries, and shall promptly furnish to Parent and Merger Sub a copy of each report, schedule, registration statement and other document filed by it during such period pursuant to the requirements of federal or state securities laws and any financial, operating and other data and information concerning the Company and its Subsidiaries as Parent or Merger Sub, through their officers, employees, accountants, counsel and other representatives may reasonably request.  No investigation by Parent, Merger Sub or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, attorneys, accountants or other advisors or representatives and no other receipt of information by Parent, Merger Sub or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, attorneys, accountants or other advisors or representatives shall operate as a waiver or otherwise affect any representation or warranty of the Company or any covenant or other provision in this Agreement.
(a)      
 
All information obtained by Parent or Merger Sub pursuant to this shall be kept confidential in accordance with the letter agreement, dated May 28, 2009 (the ), between Parent and the Company.
(b)      
Confidentiality Agreement
 
58
 
SECTION 6.04.      .
Acquisition Proposals
 
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, during the period (the ) beginning on the date of this Agreement and continuing until 12:01 a.m. (Eastern Time) on the 30 day thereafter (the ), the Company and its Subsidiaries and any of their respective officers, trustees, directors, employees, investment bankers, financial advisors, accountants, attorneys, brokers, finders or other agents, advisors or representatives (each, a ) shall have the right to, directly or indirectly, under direction of the Company Special Committee: (i) initiate, solicit, encourage or seek, directly or indirectly, any inquiries relating to the making or implementation of any Acquisition Proposal; (ii) continue or otherwise engage or participate in any negotiations or discussions with any Person with respect to any Acquisition Proposal, including by way of public disclosure; and (iii) release any Person from, or waive any provision of, any confidentiality or standstill agreement to which such Person is a party to the extent necessary to permit the Company to conduct the activities set forth in clauses (i) and (ii) above.  In furtherance of the activities contemplated by the preceding sentence, the Company may (A) furnish non-public information with respect to the Company and the Subsidiaries to any Person (provided that the Company (1) concurrently furnishes such information to Parent, and (2) furnishes such information pursuant to a confidentiality agreement which contains terms and conditions substantially similar to, and no less favorable to the Company, than those contained in the Confidentiality Agreement), and (B) disclose to the Company Stockholders any information required to be disclosed under applicable Law.  Within one Business Day following the beginning of the No-Shop Period Start Date, the Company, acting through the Company Special Committee, shall notify Parent, in writing, of the number and identities of Excluded Parties and shall provide Parent a copy of each written Acquisition Proposal received from any Excluded Party.
(a)      
Go-Shop Period
th
No-Shop Period Start Date
Representative
 
Subject to , and except with respect to any Excluded Party, at any time prior to obtaining the Stockholder Approval or, if earlier, the termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms, following 12:01 a.m. (Eastern Time) on the No-Shop Period Start Date, none of the Company or any Subsidiary shall, nor shall any of them authorize or permit, directly or indirectly, any Representative to, directly or indirectly: (i) initiate, solicit (including by way of furnishing information or assistance) or take any other action designed to, or that could reasonably be expected to, solicit any inquiries or the making of any proposal or other action that constitutes an Acquisition Proposal; (ii) initiate or participate in any discussions or negotiations, or furnish to any Person not a party to this Agreement any non-public information in furtherance of any inquiries that would reasonably be expected to lead to an Acquisition Proposal; (iii) enter into any agreement, arrangement or understanding with respect to any Acquisition Proposal (including any letter of intent, agreement in principle, memorandum of understanding, confidentiality agreement, expense reimbursement agreement, merger agreement, acquisition agreement, option agreement, joint venture agreement, partnership agreement or other agreement constituting or related to, or intended to, or that would reasonably be expected to lead to, any Acquisition Proposal, or that is intended or that would reasonably be expected to result in the abandonment, termination or failure to consummate the Merger or any other transaction contemplated by this Agreement (other than a confidentiality agreement referred to in or permitted by ); or (iv) fail to make, withdraw or modify in a manner adverse to Parent or publicly propose to withdraw or modify in a manner adverse to Parent the Company Recommendation (it being understood that, subject to and without limitation of , taking a public neutral position with respect to any Acquisition Proposal shall be considered an adverse modification), or recommend, adopt or approve, or publicly propose to recommend, adopt or approve, an Acquisition Proposal, or take any action or make any statement inconsistent with the Company Recommendation (any of the foregoing in t).  Except with respect to any Excluded Party, on the No-Shop Period Start Date, the Company shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries and Representatives to, immediately cease and cause to be terminated immediately any discussions, negotiations or communications with any party or parties that are currently ongoing with respect to, or that would reasonably be expected to lead to, an Acquisition Proposal; , , that nothing in this shall preclude the Company, any Subsidiary or their respective Representatives from complying with the provisions of the last sentence of this .  Notwithstanding the commencement of the No-Shop Period Start Date, the Company may continue to engage in the activities described in with respect to any Excluded Party or any Acquisition Proposal made by an Excluded Party, including with respect to any amended proposal submitted by such Excluded Party following the No-Shop Period Start Date, and the restrictions in this shall not apply with respect thereto.  Except with respect to any Excluded Party, on the No-Shop Period Start Date, the Company shall promptly request each Person that has heretofore executed a confidentiality agreement in connection with a potential transaction with (whether by merger, acquisition, stock sale, asset sale or otherwise) the Company or any Subsidiary, or any material portion of their assets, to return or destroy all confidential information heretofore furnished to such Person by or on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary.
(b)      
Section 6.04(d)
Section 6.04(d)
Section 6.04(f)
his clause (iv), an 
Adverse Recommendation Change
provided
however
Section 6.04
Section 6.04(b)
Section 6.04(a)
Section 6.04(b)
 
59
 
From and after the No-Shop Period Start Date, and until Stockholder Approval is obtained or, if earlier, this Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms, the Company shall notify Parent promptly (but in no event later than one Business Day), in writing, after receipt of (i) any Acquisition Proposal, (ii) any request for non-public information that the Company reasonably believes could lead to or contemplates an Acquisition Proposal, or (iii) any inquiry for discussions or negotiations that the Company reasonably believes could lead to any Acquisition Proposal, the terms and conditions of such Acquisition Proposal, request or inquiry (including any subsequent amendment or other modification to such terms and conditions) and the identity of the Person making any such Acquisition Proposal, request or inquiry.  The Company (or its outside counsel) shall advise and confer with Parent (or its outside counsel) and keep Parent (or its outside counsel) apprised regarding the progress of negotiations concerning any Acquisition Proposal (including any Acquisition Proposal made by an Excluded Party), and the material terms (including material amendments or proposed amendments as to price and other material terms) of any such Acquisition Proposal, request or inquiry.
(c)      
 
Notwithstanding or any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, and except with respect to any Excluded Party, following the receipt by the Company or any Subsidiary, after the No-Shop Period Start Date until any time prior to obtaining the Stockholder Approval or, if earlier, the termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms, of an Acquisition Proposal (that was not initiated or solicited in violation of ), the Company Special Committee may (directly or through Representatives) contact the Person making such Acquisition Proposal and its advisors solely for the purpose of clarifying the Acquisition Proposal, or the material terms thereof, the conditions to and its likelihood of consummation, so as to determine whether the Acquisition Proposal is reasonably likely to lead to a Superior Proposal.  If the Company Special Committee determines in good faith (after consultation with outside legal counsel and financial advisors) that such Acquisition Proposal constitutes or is reasonably likely to lead to a Superior Proposal, the Company Special Committee may, if the Company Special Committee determines in good faith (after consulting with outside legal counsel) that failure to take such action would be inconsistent with its duties under applicable Law, (i) furnish non-public information with respect to the Company and the Subsidiaries to the Person who made such Acquisition Proposal (provided that the Company (1) concurrently furnishes such information to Parent, and (2) furnishes such information pursuant to a confidentiality agreement which contains terms and conditions substantially similar to, and no less favorable to the Company, than those contained in the Confidentiality Agreement); (ii) disclose to the Company Stockholders any information required to be disclosed under applicable Law; and (iii) participate in negotiations regarding such Acquisition Proposal.
(d)      
Section 6.04(b)
Section 6.04(b)
 
60
 
At any time prior to obtaining the Stockholder Approval, if the Company has received a Superior Proposal that has not been withdrawn or abandoned, then the Company Board, upon the recommendation of the Company Special Committee, may make an Adverse Recommendation Change; , , that (i) no Adverse Recommendation Change shall be made until after the third (3rd) Business Day following Parent's receipt of written notice from the Company (A) advising Parent that the Company Board, upon the recommendation of the Company Special Committee, intends to make an Adverse Recommendation Change, (B) advising Parent of the material terms and conditions of the Superior Proposal that is the basis of the proposed action by the Company Board, upon the recommendation of the Company Special Committee (it being understood and agreed that any amendment to any material term of such Superior Proposal shall require a new written notice be provided to Parent and a new three (3) Business Day notice period for the first such material revision to a Superior Proposal and a new two (2) Business Day notice period for each subsequent material revision to a Superior Proposal), and (C) representing that the Company has complied with this , (ii) during such two (2) or three (3) Business Day period, as applicable, the Company, if requested by Parent, shall negotiate with Parent in good faith to make such adjustments to the terms and conditions of this Agreement as would enable the Company Board, upon the recommendation of the Company Special Committee, to proceed with the Company Recommendation and not make an Adverse Recommendation Change, and (iii) the Company shall not make an Adverse Recommendation Change if, prior to the expiration of the applicable notice period, Parent delivers a definitive proposal to adjust the terms and conditions of this Agreement such that the Company Board, upon the recommendation of the Company Special Committee, reasonably determines in good faith (after consultation with outside legal counsel and financial advisors) that the Acquisition Proposal ceases to be a Superior Proposal.
(e)      
provided
however
Section 6.04
 
Nothing in this or elsewhere in this Agreement shall prevent the Company from (i) taking and disclosing to the Company Stockholders a position contemplated by Rule 14d-9 or Rule 14e-2(a) promulgated under the Exchange Act with respect to an Acquisition Proposal or (ii) from otherwise making any disclosure to Company Stockholders with respect to an Acquisition Proposal if, the Company Board, upon the recommendation of the Company Special Committee, determines in good faith after consultation with outside counsel, that failure to so disclose would likely be inconsistent with the disclosure requirements under applicable Law.
(f)      
Section 6.04
 
61
 
Nothing contained in this shall prohibit the Company from responding to any unsolicited proposal or inquiry solely by advising the Person making such proposal or inquiry of the terms of this .
(g)      
Section 6.04
Section 6.04
 
SECTION 6.05.      .  (a)  As of the Effective Time, Parent shall cause the employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the Effective Time to be provided with base salaries and bonuses at a rate not less than the rate in effect, and arrangements (but not including stock options or other equity based arrangements) that are substantially equivalent in the aggregate to those provided to such employees under the Benefit Plans, immediately prior to the Effective Time; following the Effective Time Parent, the Company and the Subsidiaries of the Company shall have the same right to terminate any employees employment, and to amend, modify or terminate any compensation arrangement or employee benefit plan or arrangement as the Company has on the date hereof.  Parent shall cause each new benefit plan (the ) in which employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries are eligible to participate to recognize, for purposes of determining eligibility to participate in, the vesting of benefits and, other than for purposes of accrual of benefits under any defined benefit pension plan, for all other purposes, under the Parent Benefit Plans, the service of such employees with the Company and its Subsidiaries to the same extent as such service was credited for such purpose by the Company or its Subsidiaries, , , that such service shall not be recognized to the extent that such recognition would result in a duplication of benefits.  Nothing herein shall limit the ability of Parent to amend or terminate any of the Benefit Plans in accordance with and to the extent permitted by their terms or reduce, terminate or not continue any of the benefits under such Benefit Plans following the Effective Time to the extent not inconsistent with the foregoing.
Employees and Employee Benefits Matters
provided that
Parent Benefit Plans
provided
however
 
At and following the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall continue to be obligated to satisfy, in accordance with their terms, all its obligations required pursuant to contractual rights of current and former employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries existing as of the Effective Time and listed in of the Disclosure Schedule, including all employment severance or change-in-control or similar agreements of the Company.
(b)      
Section 3.10(a)(i)
 
At such time as employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries become eligible to participate in a medical, dental, health or other welfare plan of Parent or its Subsidiaries, Parent shall cause each such plan to (i) waive any preexisting condition limitations to the extent such conditions are covered under the applicable medical, health, or dental plans of Parent and to the extent (A) permitted by Law and (B) to the extent that such limitations had been satisfied under the relevant analogous Benefit Plan as of the Effective Time, (ii) provide each such employee with full credit under such plans for any deductibles, co-payments and out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the employees and their dependents to the same extent credit was given under the analogous Benefit Plan of the Company prior to the Effective Time and (iii) waive any waiting period limitation or evidence of insurability requirement that would otherwise be applicable to such employee or dependent on or after the Effective Time to the extent such employee or dependent had satisfied any similar limitation or requirement under an analogous Benefit Plan prior to the Effective Time.
(c)      
 
62
 
.  Nothing in this Section 6.05 shall be construed to give any rights to any Person who is not a party to this Agreement, nor to be enforceable by any such Person.
(d)      
Third Party Beneficiaries
 
SECTION 6.06.      .
Directors and Officers Indemnification and Insurance
 
For a period of six years from the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation Charter and the Surviving Corporation Bylaws shall contain provisions for the indemnification to the fullest extent permitted by Law of individuals who, at or prior to the Effective Time, were directors, officers, fiduciaries or agents of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, which for a period of six years from the Effective Time shall not be amended, repealed or otherwise modified in any manner that would affect adversely the rights thereunder of those individuals, unless such modification shall be required by Law  or each such individual affected thereby otherwise consents in writing thereto.
(a)      
 
The Surviving Corporation shall maintain in effect for six years from the Effective Time, if available, the current directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company (provided that the Surviving Corporation may substitute therefor policies of at least the same coverage containing terms and conditions that are not less favorable) with respect to matters occurring prior to the Effective Time; , , that in no event shall the Surviving Corporation be required to expend pursuant to this more than an amount equal to 250% of current annual premiums paid by the Company for such insurance; , , that in the event of an expiration, termination or cancellation of such current policies, Merger Sub or the Surviving Corporation shall use its reasonable efforts to obtain as much coverage as is possible under substantially similar policies for such maximum annual amount in aggregate annual premiums.
(b)      
provided
however
provided
however
 
In the event the Surviving Corporation or any of its successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any other Person and shall not be the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger, or (ii) transfers all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any Person, then, and in each such case, Parent shall, and shall cause the Surviving Corporation or its successors or assigns to assume the obligations provided for in this .
(c)      
Section 6.06
 
The provisions of this are intended for the benefit of and shall be enforceable by, each of the indemnified parties and their respective heirs and representatives.
(d)      
Section 6.06
 
63
 
SECTION 6.07.      .
Further Action; Reasonable Best Efforts
 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, each of the parties hereto shall use its reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all appropriate action, and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated hereby, including using its reasonable best efforts to obtain all Permits, consents, approvals, authorizations, qualifications and orders of Governmental Authorities and parties to contracts with the Company and its Subsidiaries as are necessary for the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and to fulfill the conditions to the Merger set forth in ; , , that in no event shall the Company or any of its Subsidiaries be required to pay, prior to the Effective Time, any fee (other than the fees and expenses of its own legal counsel), penalty or other consideration to obtain any Permit, consent, approval, authorization, estoppel or qualification required for the consummation of the Merger, other than amounts or amounts that are advanced or simultaneously reimbursed by Parent.  If, at any time after the Effective Time, any further action is necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of this Agreement, the proper officers and directors of each party to this Agreement shall use their reasonable best efforts to take all such action.
(a)      
Article VII
provided
however
de minimus
 
The parties hereto agree to cooperate and assist one another in connection with all actions to be taken pursuant to .  Each party shall keep the other apprised of the content and status of any communications with, and communications from, any Governmental Authority with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and to the extent practicable neither of the parties will file any such document or have any communication with any Governmental Authority without prior consultation with the other party  To the extent practicable and permitted by a Governmental Authority, each party hereto shall permit representatives of the other party to participate in meetings and calls with such Governmental Authority and, subject to applicable law and the Confidentiality Agreement, provide copies of all filed documents to the non-filing party and their advisors prior to filing.
(b)      
Section 6.07(a)
 
Each of the parties hereto agrees to cooperate and use its reasonable best efforts to vigorously contest and resist any Action, including administrative or judicial Action, and to have vacated, lifted, reversed or overturned any decree, judgment, injunction or other order (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) that is in effect and that restricts, prevents or prohibits consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including by vigorously pursuing all available avenues of administrative and judicial appeal.
(c)      
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provisions contained in this Agreement to the contrary, neither Parent nor any of its affiliates shall be under any obligation of any kind (i) to enter into any negotiations or to otherwise agree with or litigate against any Governmental Authority, including, but not limited to, any Governmental Authority or regulatory authority with jurisdiction over the enforcement of any applicable federal, state, local and foreign antitrust, competition or other similar laws, or (ii) otherwise agree with any Governmental Authority or any other party to sell or otherwise dispose of, agree to any limitations on the ownership or control of, or hold separate (through the establishment of a trust or otherwise) particular assets or categories of assets or businesses of any of the Company, its Subsidiaries, Parent or any of Parents affiliates if Parent shall believe in good faith that such sale, disposal or limitation would have an adverse effect on the business or financial condition of Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, on a post-Merger basis.
(d)      
 
64
 
SECTION 6.08.      .  Subject to the rights of the Company pursuant to , Parent, Merger Sub and the Company agree that no public release or announcement concerning the transactions contemplated hereby or the Merger shall be issued by either party without the prior consent of the other party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), except as such release or announcement may be required by Law or the rules or regulations of any securities exchange, in which case the party required to make the release or announcement shall use its reasonable best efforts to allow the other party reasonable time to comment on such release or announcement in advance of such issuance.  The parties have agreed upon the form of a joint press release announcing the execution of this Agreement.
Public Announcements
Section 6.04
 
SECTION 6.09.      .  The Company shall give Parent the opportunity to participate in the defense or settlement of any stockholder litigation against the Company and its directors relating to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  After the Effective Time, Parent shall have the right to direct the defense or settlement of such litigation and, if Parent so chooses to direct such litigation, Parent shall give the Company and its directors an opportunity to participate in such litigation; , , that no such settlement shall be agreed to without Parents consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.
Stockholder Litigation
provided
however
 
SECTION 6.10.      .  Between the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date, unless the Company obtains the prior written waiver of Parent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees to deliver to Parent within thirty calendar days after the end of each month a copy of the unaudited balance sheet and income statement of Western Sizzlin Franchise Corp. (which do not contain footnotes and are subject to normal and recurring quarterly and year end adjustments), which shall be prepared in a manner and containing information consistent with the Companys past practices in the Ordinary Course.
Financial Statements
 
SECTION 6.11.      .  The Company shall use its best efforts to keep those certain Voting Agreements between Parent and those Persons on entered into as of the date hereof in full force and effect.
Voting Agreements
Exhibit E
 
SECTION 6.12.       .
Parent Share Distribution
 
As soon as practicable after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall declare, and the Company shall distribute, a stock dividend of the Parent Shares to the holders of record of all Common Stock that is issued and outstanding on the record date of such dividend, other than with respect to shares of Common Stock held by the Company as treasury shares or by Subsidiaries of the Company (the , and the number of shares distributable in respect of each share of Common Stock outstanding as of the record date shall be referred to as the  ).
(a)      
Parent Share Distribution
Per Share Distribution Amount
 
The Company shall cooperate with Parent to avoid the distribution of fractional shares of the Parent Shares.
(b)      
 
65
 
SECTION 6.13.      
Certain Real Estate and Environmental Matters
 
The Company or its Affiliates shall use their reasonable best efforts to obtain and provide to Parent prior to Closing fully executed estoppels from the landlords or fee simple title holders of each of the Leased Properties other than the Leased Properties located in Alexandria, Virginia and Roanoke, Virginia, each in the form mutually agreed upon by the parties hereto.
(a)      
 
The Company shall obtain an updated title report on the Company Property located in San Antonio, Texas from Alliant National Title Insurance Company (or another nationally recognized title insurance company (or agent thereof) approved by Parent in writing, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld) and provide the updated title report to Parent prior to Closing (the "").  The Title Report shall contain no liens, encumbrances or title defects other than the general exceptions, Permitted Liens or the matters disclosed on Schedule B of the Owner Policy of Title Insurance issued by Alliant National Title Insurance Company under Policy Number TXO 150864.
(b)      
Title Report
 
 
SECTION 7.01.      .  The respective obligations of each party to effect the Merger shall be subject to the satisfaction or waiver (where permitted by applicable Law), by each party hereto at or prior to the Effective Time, of the following conditions:
Mutual Conditions to the Merger
 
.  The Company shall have obtained the Stockholder Approval.
(a)      
Stockholder Approval
 
.  No Governmental Authority shall have issued an order, decree, judgment, injunction or taken any other action which restrains, enjoins or otherwise prohibits or makes illegal the consummation of the Merger.
(b)      
No Order
 
.  The Registration Statement shall have become effective in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Act, and shall be effective at the Effective Time, and no stop order suspending effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued , and no Action by the SEC to suspend the effectiveness thereof shall have been initiated and be continuing.  Parent shall have received all state securities or "blue sky" authorizations necessary to issue the Debentures pursuant to the Merger.
(c)      
Registration Statement
 
.  The Debentures to be issued pursuant to the Merger shall have been approved for listing on the New York Stock Exchange, subject to official notice of issuance, and the New York Stock Exchange shall not have objected to the consummation of the Merger.
(d)      
Listing Approval
 
66
 
.  The Indenture shall have been qualified under The Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended.
(e)      
Indenture
 
SECTION 7.02.      .  The obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to consummate the Merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver (where permitted by applicable Law), of the following additional conditions:
Conditions to the Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub
 
.  The representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement, to the extent qualified by materiality or references to Company Material Adverse Effect, and the representations and warranties in , whether or not so qualified, shall be true and correct and, to the extent not qualified by materiality or references to Company Material Adverse Effect (other than the representations and warranties contained in ), shall be true and correct in all material respects, in each case as of the Effective Time as though made on and as of the Effective Time (except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case as of such earlier date).
(a)      
Representations and Warranties
Section 3.03
Section 3.03
 
.  The Company shall have performed or complied in all material respects with all agreements and covenants required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by it on or prior to the Effective Time.
(b)      
Agreements and Covenants
 
.  The Company shall have delivered to Parent and Merger Sub a certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifying as to the satisfaction of the conditions specified in and .
(c)      
Officer Certificate
Section 7.02(a)
Section 7.02(b)
 
.  The Company shall have received all consents, approvals, waivers and authorizations required in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby listed in of the Company Disclosure Schedule.
(d)      
Third Party Consents
Section 3.05(b)
 
.  There shall not have occurred after the date of this Agreement any event, change, condition, circumstance or state of facts, or aggregation of events, changes, conditions, circumstance or state of facts, that has had or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect, whether or not covered by insurance.
(e)      
No Company Material Adverse Effect
 
.  The applicable twenty day period in Section 262(d) of the DGCL for stockholders to demand or perfect appraisal rights pursuant to Section 262 shall have expired and the total number of Dissenting Shares shall not exceed 12.5% of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock as of the Effective Time.
(f)      
Dissenting Shares
 
.  The Company shall have declared a dividend to the Company Stockholders of record immediately prior to the Effective Time of all of the Parent Shares in accordance with .
(g)      
Distribution of Parent Shares
Section 6.12
 
67
 
.  The Company shall have received or been deemed to receive the consents, approvals, waivers and authorizations required in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby from Clients holding at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the assets under management by Mustang Capital Management, LLC, in a form reasonable acceptable to Parent.
(h)      
Investment Advisory Client Consents
 
.  Parent shall have received a legal opinion from Olshan Grundman Frome Rosenzweig & Wolosky LLP, the Company's legal counsel, in substantially in the form attached hereto as .
(i)      
Legal Opinion
Exhibit G
 
SECTION 7.03.      .  The obligations of the Company to consummate the Merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver (where permitted by applicable Law) of the following additional conditions:
Conditions to the Obligations of the Company
 
.  The representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub contained in this Agreement which are qualified by materiality shall be true and correct and, to the extent not qualified by materiality shall be true and correct in all material respects, in each case, as of the Effective Time, as though made on and as of the Effective Time, except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case as of such earlier date.
(a)      
Representations and Warranties
 
.  Parent and Merger Sub shall have performed or complied in all material respects with all agreements and covenants required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by it on or prior to the Effective Time.
(b)      
Agreements and Covenants
 
.  Parent shall have delivered to the Company a certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, signed by the President and a Vice President of Parent, certifying as to the satisfaction of the conditions specified in and .
(c)      
Officer Certificate
Section 7.03(a)
Section 7.03(b)
 
.  The Company shall have received a legal opinion from Ice Miller LLP, the Parent Special Committee's legal counsel, in substantially in the form attached hereto as .
(d)      
Legal Opinion
Exhibit H
 
.  There shall not have occurred after the date of this Agreement any event, change, condition, circumstance or state of facts, or aggregation of events, changes, conditions, circumstance or state of facts, that has had or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Parent Material Adverse Effect, whether or not covered by insurance.
(e)      
No Parent Material Adverse Effect
 
SECTION 7.04.      .  No party may rely on the failure of any condition set forth in this to be satisfied if such partys failure to use its reasonable best efforts to consummate the Merger and other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, as required by of this Agreement, or such partys breach of any other provision of this Agreement has been the proximate cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the condition to be satisfied.
Frustration of Closing Conditions
Article VII
Section 6.07
 
68
 
 
SECTION 8.01.      .  This Agreement may be terminated and the Merger may be abandoned at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether before or after Stockholder Approval, only as follows (the date of any such termination, the ):
Termination
Termination Date
 
by the mutual written consent of each of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company, duly authorized (i) with respect to Parent, by the Parent Special Committee, (ii) with respect to Merger Sub, by its Board of Directors or other governing body, and (iii) with respect to the Company, by the Company Special Committee;
(a)      
 
by either Parent or the Company by written notice to the other, duly authorized (i) with respect to Parent, by the Parent Special Committee, and (ii) with respect to the Company, by the Company Special Committee:
(b)      
 
if at the Stockholders Meeting (or at any adjournment or postponement thereof) the Stockholder Approval is not obtained; , , that the right to terminate this Agreement under this shall not be available to the Company where the failure to obtain the Stockholder Approval shall have been caused by or related to the Company's breach of this Agreement;
(i)      
provided
however
Section 8.01(b)(i)
 
if any Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction shall have issued an order, decree, judgment, injunction or taken any other action that permanently restrains, enjoins or otherwise prohibits or makes illegal the consummation of the Merger, and such order, decree, judgment, injunction or other action shall have become final and non-appealable; or
(ii)      
 
if the consummation of the Merger shall not have occurred on or before the 270 day after the date of this Agreement (the ); , , that the right to terminate this Agreement under this shall not be available to any party whose failure to fulfill any obligation under this Agreement has been the cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the Effective Time to occur on or before the Outside Date;
(iii)      
th
Outside Date
provided
however
Section 8.01(b)(iii)
 
by written notice from Parent to the Company, duly authorized by the Parent Special Committee, if (i) any event shall have occurred which is not capable of being cured prior to the Outside Date and would result in any condition set forth in not being satisfied prior to the Outside Date, or (ii) the Company breaches or fails to perform any of its representations, warranties or covenants contained in this Agreement, which breach or failure to perform would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in , , or , and such condition is incapable of being satisfied by the Outside Date or such breach has not been cured by the Company within ten Business Days after the Companys receipt of written notice of such breach from Parent, provided that each of Parent and Merger Sub is not in material breach of its obligations or its representations and warranties under this Agreement;
(c)      
Section 7.02
Section 7.01
Section 7.02(a)
Section 7.02(b)
Section 7.02(g)
 
69
 
by written notice from the Company to Parent, duly authorized by the Company Special Committee, if (i) any event shall have occurred which is not capable of being cured prior to the Outside Date and would result in any condition set forth in not being satisfied prior to the Outside Date, or (ii) Parent or Merger Sub breaches or fails to perform any of its representations, warranties or covenants contained in this Agreement, which breach or failure to perform would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in , or and such condition is incapable of being satisfied by the Outside Date or such breach has not been cured by Parent or Merger Sub within ten Business Days after Parents receipt of written notice of such breach from the Company, provided that the Company is not in material breach of its obligations or its representations and warranties under this Agreement;
(d)      
Section 7.03
Section 7.01
Section 7.03(a)
Section 7.03(b)
 
by written notice of Parent to the Company, duly authorized by the Parent Special Committee, (i) if the Company Board or the Company Special Committee shall fail to include the Company Recommendation in the Proxy Statement, (ii) in the event of an Adverse Recommendation Change, (iii) if the Company Board or the Company Special Committee shall approve any Acquisition Proposal or publicly recommend that the holders of the Common Stock accept or approve any Acquisition Proposal; (iv) the Company shall have entered into, or publicly announced its intention to enter into, a definitive agreement in principle with respect to any Acquisition Proposal, (v) the Company Board fails to publicly reaffirm its recommendation of this Agreement, the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement within five Business Days of a written request by Parent to provide such reaffirmation; or (vi) the Company shall have breached any of its obligations under ; or
(e)      
Section 6.04
 
by the Company, if the Company Board has effected an Adverse Recommendation Change, provided that for such termination to be effective the Company shall have paid to Parent the Company Termination Fee.
(f)      
 
SECTION 8.02.      .  In the event of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to , this Agreement shall forthwith become null and void and have no effect, without any liability on the part of Parent, Merger Sub or the Company and each of their respective directors, officers, employees, advisors, agents or stockholders, and all rights and obligations of any party hereto shall cease, except for the agreements contained in (Confidentiality), (Public Announcements), (Effect of Termination), (Fees and Expenses) and (General Provisions), which shall remain in full force and effect and survive any termination of this Agreement; , , that nothing contained in this shall relieve any party hereto from liabilities or damages arising out of any fraud or breach by such party of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or other agreements contained in this Agreement.
Effect of Termination
Section 8.01
Section 6.03
Section 6.08
Section 8.02
Section 8.03
Article IX
provided
however
Section 8.02
 
70
 
SECTION 8.03.      .
Fees and Expenses
 
Except as otherwise set forth in this , all expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party incurring such expenses, whether or not the Merger is consummated, except that out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with printing and mailing the Proxy Statement shall be borne by the Company.
(a)      
Section 8.03
 
The Company agrees that if this Agreement shall be terminated:
(b)      
 
pursuant to and concurrently with such termination or within twelve months following the termination of this Agreement, the Company enters into an agreement with respect to an Acquisition Proposal that is ultimately consummated (whether or not such consummation occurs within twelve months following the termination of this Agreement or thereafter), or an Acquisition Proposal is consummated, then the Company shall pay to Parent, if and when consummation of such Acquisition Proposal occurs, the Company Termination Fee; , , that for the purposes of this the term Acquisition Proposal shall have the meaning assigned to such term in , except that the references to 15% shall be deemed to be references to 51%; or
(i)      
Section 8.01(e)(vi)
provided
however
Section 8.03(b)(i)
Section 1.01(a)
 
pursuant to , , , , or , then the Company shall pay to Parent the Company Termination Fee.
(ii)      
Sections 8.01(e)(i)
8.01(e)(ii)
8.01(e)(iii)
8.01(e)(iv)
8.01(e)(v)
Section 8.01(f)
 
Parent agrees that if this Agreement shall be terminated pursuant to , then Parent shall pay the Company the Parent Termination Fee.
(c)      
Section 8.01(d)(ii)
 
The Company Termination Fee shall be paid by the Company as directed by Parent in writing and the Parent Termination Fee shall be paid by Parent as directed by the Company in writing, in each case, in immediately available funds as soon as is reasonably practicable, but in any event no more than three Business Days following the event giving rise to the obligation to make such payment.
(d)      
 
For purposes of this Agreement,  means an amount equal to $1,250,000; , , that  shall mean $837,500 if the Acquisition Proposal that results in the action or event that forms the basis of termination pursuant to , is submitted by an Excluded Party before the No-Shop Period Start Date.  In no event shall Company be required to pay the Company Termination Fee more than once.  Anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement notwithstanding, if this Agreement is terminated under circumstances set forth in as a result of which Parent is entitled to receive payment of the Company Termination Fee: (i) Parents right to receive the Company Termination Fee pursuant to shall be Parents sole and exclusive remedy against the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates, stockholders, directors, officers, employees, agents or representatives for any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense suffered as a result of the failure of the Merger or any other transactions contemplated hereby to be consummated, and (ii) upon payment of all amounts that are required to be paid pursuant to , none of Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates, stockholders, directors, officers, employees, agents or representatives shall have any further liability or obligation relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any other transactions contemplated hereby, other than those set forth in .
(e)      
Company Termination Fee
provided
however
Company Termination Fee
Section 8.01
Section 8.01
Section 8.03(b)
Section 8.03(b)
Section 9.01
 
71
 
For purposes of this Agreement,  means an amount equal to $500,000.  In no event shall Parent be required to pay the Parent Termination Fee more than once.  Anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement notwithstanding, including without limitation, the final proviso of , if this Agreement is terminated under circumstances set forth in as a result of which the Company is entitled to receive payment of the Parent Termination Fee: (i) the Companys right to receive the Parent Termination Fee pursuant to shall be the Companys sole and exclusive remedy against Parent, Merger Sub, or any of their respective Subsidiaries, Affiliates, stockholders, directors, officers, employees, agents or representatives for any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense suffered as a result of the failure of the Merger or any other transactions contemplated hereby to be consummated and (ii) upon payment of all amounts that are required to be paid pursuant to , none of Parent, Merger Sub or any of their respective Subsidiaries, Affiliates, stockholders, directors, officers, employees, agents or representatives shall have any further liability or obligation relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any other transactions contemplated hereby, other than those set forth in .
(f)      
Parent Termination Fee
Section 8.02
Section 8.01
Section 8.03(c)
Section 8.03(c)
Section 9.01
 
In the event this Agreement is terminated pursuant to , the Company shall pay Parent the Parent Expenses in immediately available funds, and in no event later than three Business Days after submission of statements therefore by Parent to the Company.
(g)      
Section 8.01(b)(i)
 
Each of the Company and Parent acknowledges that the agreements contained in this are an integral part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  Accordingly, if either the Company or Parent fails promptly to pay the amounts due pursuant to this , and, in order to obtain such payment, (i) Parent commences a suit that results in a judgment against the Company for the amounts set forth in this , the Company shall pay to Parent its reasonable costs and expenses (including attorneys fees and expenses) in connection with such suit and any appeal relating thereto, or (ii) the Company commences a suit that results in a judgment against Parent for the amounts set forth in this , Parent shall pay to the Company its reasonable costs and expenses (including attorneys fees and expenses) in connection with such suit and any appeal relating thereto, in each case together with interest on the amounts set forth in this at the prime rate published in the on the date such payment was required to be made (or if the is not published on the applicable date, the date of the most recent publication).
(h)      
Section 8.03
Section 8.03
Section 8.03
Section 8.03
Section 8.03
Wall Street Journal
Wall Street Journal
 
72
 
 
SECTION 9.01.      .  The representations, warranties and agreements in this Agreement shall terminate at the Effective Time or upon the termination of this Agreement pursuant to , as the case may be, except that the agreements set forth in (Confidentiality), (Public Announcements), (Effect of Termination), (Fees and Expenses) and this (General Provisions) shall survive termination indefinitely.
Non-Survival of Representations and Warranties
Section 8.01
Section 6.03
Section 6.08
Section 8.02
Section 8.03
Article X
 
SECTION 9.02.      .  All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed sent, given and delivered (i) immediately if given by personal delivery, (ii) one day after deposit with an overnight delivery service, (iii) three days after deposit in the mail via registered or certified mail (return receipt requested) to the parties at the following address (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified by like notice) and (iv) by Electronic Notice as provided below:
Notices
 
if to Parent or Merger Sub:
 
William J. Regan, Jr.
Chair, Special Committee of the Board of Directors
Of The Steak N Shake Company
8624 Fairway Green Drive
Fair Oaks Ranch, TX 78015
Email: 
wregan37@earthlink.net
with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):
 
Ice Miller LLP
One American Square
Suite 3100
Indianapolis, IN 46282-0200
Attention:  Mark Barnes
Anthony Aaron
Email: 
mark.barnes@icemiller.com
 anthony.aaron@icemiller.com
if to the Company:
 
Kenneth R. Cooper
Chair, Special Committee of the Board of Directors
Of Western Sizzlin Corporation
14607 San Pedro, Suite 130
San Antonio, TX 78232-4356
Email:  kcooperlawoffice@sbcglobal.net
 
73
with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):
 
Olshan Grundman Frome Rosenzweig & Wolosky LLP
Park Avenue Tower
65 East 55th Street
New York, NY 10022
Attention:  Steve Wolosky
Email:  
swolosky@olshanlaw.com
An electronic communication () shall be deemed written notice for purposes of this if sent with return receipt requested to the electronic mail address specified above (or at such other electronic mail address for a party as shall be specified by the receiving party in signed writing in a nonelectronic form).  Electronic Notice shall be deemed received at the time the party sending Electronic Notice receives verification of receipt by the receiving party.  Any party receiving Electronic Notice may request and shall be entitled to receive the notice on paper, in a nonelectronic form () which shall be sent to the requesting party within ten (10) days of receipt of the written request for Nonelectronic Notice.
Electronic Notice
Section 9.02
Nonelectronic Notice
 
SECTION 9.03.      .  If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of Law, or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party.  Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in a mutually acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated as originally contemplated to the fullest extent possible.
Severability
 
SECTION 9.04.      .  This Agreement (including any exhibits, schedules and annexes to this Agreement), the Company Disclosure Schedule and the Parent Disclosure Schedule constitute the entire agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and undertakings, both written and oral, among the parties, or any of them, with respect to the subject matter hereof, other than the Confidentiality Agreement.  This Agreement and any of the rights or obligations hereunder shall not be assigned (whether pursuant to a merger, by operation of Law or otherwise) by any party hereto without the prior written consent of the other parties and any such purported assignment shall be null and void, except that Parent and Merger Sub may assign all or any of their rights and obligations hereunder to any wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent, provided that no such assignment shall relieve the assigning party of its obligations hereunder.  Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns.
Entire Agreement; Assignment
 
SECTION 9.05.      .  This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of each party hereto, and nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other Person any right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement, other than the provisions of (which is intended to be for the benefit of the Persons covered thereby and may be enforced by such Persons).
Parties in Interest
 
74
 
SECTION 9.06.      .  The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any provision of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with the terms hereof and that, prior to termination of this Agreement pursuant to , the parties hereto shall be entitled to specific performance of the terms hereof, in addition to any other remedy at law or equity; provided, that, specific performance shall not be available to any party hereto to the extent that the party seeking specific performance would have the right upon termination of this Agreement pursuant to to receive payment pursuant to , , or .
Specific Performance
Section 8.01
Section 8.01
Section 8.03 (b)
(d)
(e)
(f)
 
SECTION 9.07.      .  This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the Laws of the State of Delaware without regard to its conflict of law rules.  All actions and proceedings arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be heard and determined exclusively in the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (the ) and not in any other state or federal court in the United States or any court in other country.  The parties hereto hereby (a) submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for the purpose of any Action arising out of or relating to this Agreement brought by any party hereto, and (b) irrevocably waive, and agree not to assert by way of motion, defense, or otherwise, in any such Action, any claim that it is not subject personally to the jurisdiction of the Delaware Court, that its property is exempt or immune from attachment or execution, that the Action is brought in an inconvenient forum, that the venue of the Action is improper, or that this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby may not be enforced in or by the Delaware Court.  Without limiting the foregoing, each party agrees that service of process on such party as provided in as to giving notice hereunder shall be deemed effective service of process on such party.
Governing Law
Delaware Court
Section 9.02
 
SECTION 9.08.      .  EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.
Waiver of Jury Trial
 
SECTION 9.09.      .  All references in this Agreement, the Company Disclosure Schedule and Parent Disclosure Schedule to Articles, Sections and Exhibits refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits to, this Agreement unless the context requires otherwise.  The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.  Wherever used herein, a pronoun in the masculine gender shall be considered as including the feminine gender unless the context clearly indicates otherwise and the word including shall mean including without limitation.  The phrases herein, hereof, hereunder and words of similar import will be deemed to refer to this Agreement as a whole, including the Exhibits and Schedules hereto, and not to any particular provision of this Agreement.  The word or will be inclusive and not exclusive unless the context requires otherwise.  All references in this Agreement to any particular Law will be deemed to refer also to any rules and regulations promulgated under that Law.  References to a Person also refer to its predecessors and successors and permitted assigns.
Interpretation
 
75
 
SECTION 9.10.      .  This Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto by action taken by or on behalf of their respective Boards of Directors at any time prior to the Effective Time; , , that, after the approval and adoption of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company Stockholders, no amendment may be made that would, under applicable Law, require further approval by such stockholders without such further approval.  This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed by each of the parties hereto.
Amendment
provided
however
 
SECTION 9.11.      .  At any time prior to the Effective Time, any party hereto may (a) extend the time for the performance of any obligation or other act of any other party hereto, (b) waive any inaccuracy in the representations and warranties of any other party contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto and (c) subject to the proviso in the first sentence of , waive compliance with any agreement of any other party or any condition to its own obligations contained herein.  Any such extension or waiver shall be valid if set forth in an instrument in writing signed by the party or parties to be bound thereby.  No failure or delay by any party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.
Waiver
Section 9.10
 
SECTION 9.12.      .  The respective representations of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company contained herein or in the certificates or other documents delivered prior to the Closing shall not be deemed waived or otherwise affected by any investigation conducted by any party hereto either before or after the execution of this Agreement.
Investigation
 
SECTION 9.13.      .  This Agreement may be executed and delivered (including by facsimile transmission) in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.
Counterparts
 
SECTION 9.14.      .  Except as set forth in , the remedies provided in this Agreement shall be cumulative and shall not preclude the assertion by the parties hereto of any other rights or the seeking of any other remedies, whether at law or in equity, against the other parties, or their respective successors or assigns.
Remedies Cumulative
Section 9.06
 
76
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Merger Sub and the Company have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to Title 8, Section 251(c) of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the undersigned corporation executed the following Certificate of Merger:
 
              The name and state of incorporation of the surviving corporation is Western Sizzlin Corporation, a Delaware corporation (""), and the name and state of incorporation of the corporation being merged into this surviving corporation is Grill Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("").
FIRST:
Western Sizzlin
Merger Sub
 
         An Agreement and Plan of Merger has been approved, adopted, certified, executed and acknowledged by Western Sizzlin and Merger Sub.
SECOND:
 
             The name of the surviving corporation is Western Sizzlin Corporation, a Delaware corporation.
THIRD:
 
         The Certificate of Incorporation of Western Sizzlin shall be amended and restated to read in its entirety as set forth in attached hereto.
FOURTH:
Exhibit A
 
              The Agreement and Plan of Merger is on file at the principal place of business of Western Sizzlin at 401 Albemarle Ave SE, Roanoke, Virginia 24013.
FIFTH:
 
              A copy of the Agreement and Plan of Merger will be furnished by Western Sizzlin, on request and without cost, to any stockholder of Western Sizzlin or any stockholder of Merger Sub.
SIXTH:
 
, the undersigned has caused this Certificate of Merger to be signed by an authorized officer on the ___day of ________, 2009.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The name of the corporation is Western Sizzlin Corporation (the "").
Corporation
 
 
         .The registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is located at 2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, Delaware 19808, County of New Castle.
Section 2.01.
Registered Office
 
 
         .  The name of its registered agent at that address is Corporation Service Company.
Section 2.02.
Registered Agent
 
 
The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of the State of Delaware (the "").  The Corporation shall have all powers necessary or convenient to the conduct, promotion or attainment of such acts and activities.
DGCL
 
 
The Corporation is to have perpetual existence.
 
 
         .  The Corporation is authorized to issue one (1) class of stock to be designated "".  The total number of shares of Common Stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is one hundred (100) shares of Common Stock.  The shares of Common Stock shall have no par value.  The powers, preferences and rights and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof shall be determined by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the "").
Section 5.01.
Classes of Stock
Common Stock
Board of Directors
 
         .  Shares of Common Stock may be issued for any consideration consistent with the DGCL, including tangible or intangible property or benefit to the Corporation, at such price and amount per share as may be determined by the Board of Directors.
Section 5.02.
Consideration
 
 
 
 
The Common Stock shall have all of the rights accorded to shares under the DGCL, including, but not limited to, voting rights and all rights to distribution of the net assets of the Corporation upon dissolution.
 
 
In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board of Directors is expressly authorized to make, repeal, alter, amend and rescind any or all of the Bylaws of the Corporation.
 
 
         .The number of directors of the Corporation shall be determined in the manner set forth in the Bylaws of the Corporation.
Section 8.01.
Number
 
 
         . Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws of the Corporation shall so provide.
Section 8.02.
Elections
 
 
         .
Section 8.03.
Exculpation of Directors
 
           To the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, a director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director.  If the DGCL or any law of the State of Delaware is amended after the effectiveness of the Certificate of Incorporation to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware law as so amended.
(a)
 
           Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this by the stockholders of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation existing at the time of, or increase the liability of any director of the Corporation with respect to any acts or omissions of such director occurring prior to, such repeal or modification.
(b)
Section 8.03
 
 
           The Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as the same may be amended and supplemented, indemnify any and all persons whom it shall have power to indemnify under the DGCL from and against any and all of the expenses, including without limitation reasonable costs, disbursements and legal counsel fees and expert witness fees, liabilities, including without limitation amounts paid or incurred in satisfaction of settlements, judgments fines and penalties, or other matters referred to in or covered by the DGCL, and the indemnification provided for herein shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which any person may be entitled under the Bylaws or any resolution of stockholders, resolution of directors, agreement, or otherwise, as permitted by the DGCL, both as to action in such persons official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office, and shall survive the termination of such persons service in such capacities and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such person.
(a)
 
           The rights of any person to indemnification provided by, or granted pursuant to, this are express contractual rights between the Corporation and such person that vest by virtue of any such persons service at the time when the state of facts occurred giving rise to an action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, fiduciary or agent of the Corporation or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, fiduciary or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, or was the legal representative of any such director, officer, fiduciary or agent, which may be enforced by any such person in a court of competent jurisdiction.  Any repeal or modification of the provisions of this shall not adversely affect any vested right or protection hereunder of any person in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such repeal or modification without the prior written consent of such person.
(b)
Article IX
Article IX
 
           The rights of any person to indemnification provided by, or granted pursuant to, this shall be effective as of the date of the adoption of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation and shall apply to such persons acts or omissions that occurred prior to such date if such person was a director, officer, fiduciary or agent of the Corporation or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, fiduciary or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, or was the legal representative of any such director, officer, fiduciary or agent at the time such act or omission occurred.
(c)
Article IX
 
 
The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights conferred upon stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation.
 
 
 
CUSIP  ______________________
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Steak n Shake Company promises to pay to __________________________ or registered assigns, the sum of _________________________ Dollars on [].
fifth anniversary of date of issue
 
This Debenture is subordinated to Senior Debt as defined by the Indenture.  The Steak n Shake Company may, at its option, redeem the Debentures, in whole or in part and without premium or penalty, as of any date that occurs on or after [].  See the reverse and the Indenture referenced for additional provisions of this Debenture.
first anniversary of date of issue
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
.  The Steak n Shake Company (the ""), an Indiana corporation, promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Debenture at the rate per annum shown above.  The Company will pay interest semiannually on June 30 and December 31 of each year, commencing June 30, 2010.  Interest on the Debentures will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or, if no interest has been paid, from .  Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months.
(1)           
Interest
Company
[Date of Issue]
 
.  The Company will pay interest on the Debentures to the Persons who are registered holders of Debentures at the close of business on the record date for the next interest payment date, except as otherwise provided herein or in the Indenture even though Debentures are cancelled after the record date and on or before the interest payment date.  Holders must surrender Debentures to a Paying Agent to collect principal payments.  The Company will pay Principal and interest in money of the United States that at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts.  However, the Company may pay Principal and interest by wire transfer or check payable in such money.  It may mail an interest check to a record date holder's registered address.
(2)           
Method of Payment
 
.  Initially, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (""), Corporate Trust Services, 230 West Monroe Street, Suite 2900, Chicago, Illinois 60606, will act as Registrar and Paying Agent.  With respect to presentation of the Debentures for payment or registration of transfers or exchanges, the Trustee's address is The Company may change any such Agent without notice.  The Company or an Affiliate may act in any such capacity.  Subject to certain conditions, the Company may change the Trustee.
(3)           
Agents
Trustee
608 Second Avenue South, N9303-121, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55479, Attention: Corporate Trust Operations.
 
 
.  The Company issued the Debentures under an Indenture dated as of ______________, 20__ ("") between the Company and the Trustee.  The terms of the Debentures include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C.  77aaa-77bbbb) (the "").  The Debentures are subject to all such terms, and Debentureholders are referred to the Indenture and the Act for a statement of such terms.  The Debentures are unsecured subordinated general obligations of the Company limited to $22,959,000 in aggregate principal amount.
(4)           
Indenture
Indenture
Act
 
.  The Debentures are not redeemable by the Company at any time prior to [].  From and after [], the Company may, at its option, redeem Debentures in accordance with Article III of the Indenture in whole or in part without premium or penalty.  The Company's right to redeem Debentures under this may not be exercised if and for so long as the Company has failed to pay interest on any Debenture when the same becomes due and payable.
(5)           
Redemption
first anniversary of date of issue
first anniversary of date of issue
Section 5
 
.  Notice of redemption will be mailed at least 30 days but not more than sixty (60) days before the redemption date to each holder of Debentures to be redeemed at his registered address.
(6)           
Notice of Redemption
 
 
.  The Debentures are subordinated to Senior Debt as defined in the Indenture.  To the extent provided in the Indenture, Senior Debt must be paid before the Debentures may be paid.  The Company agrees, and each Debentureholder by accepting a Debenture agrees, to the subordination and authorizes the Trustee to give it effect.
(7)           
Subordination
 
.  The Debentures are in registered form without coupons in denominations of $1,000 and whole multiples of $1,000.  The transfer of Debentures may be registered and Debentures may be exchanged as provided in the Indenture.  The Registrar may require a holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay any taxes required by law.  The Registrar need not exchange or register the transfer of any Debenture or portion of a Debenture selected for redemption.  Also, it need not exchange or register the transfer of any Debentures for a period of fifteen (15) days before a selection of Debentures to be redeemed.
(8)           
Denominations, Transfer, Exchange
 
.  Subject to Section 6.12 of the Indenture, the registered holder of a Debenture may be treated as its owner for all purposes.
(9)           
Persons Deemed Owners
 
.  Subject to certain exceptions, the Indenture or the Debentures may be amended, and any Default may be waived, with the consent of the holders of a majority in Principal amount of the Debentures.  Without the consent of any Debentureholder, the Indenture or the Debentures may be amended to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency, to provide for assumption of Company obligations to Debentureholders or to make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Debentureholder.
(10)         
Amendments and Waivers
 
.  When successors assume all the obligations of the Company under the Debentures and the Indenture, the Company will be released from those obligations, except as provided in the Indenture.
(11)         
Successors
 
.  Subject to certain conditions, the Company at any time may terminate some or all of its obligations under the Debentures and the Indenture if the Company deposits with the Trustee money or U.S. Government Obligations for the payment of Principal and interest on the Debentures to redemption or maturity.
(12)         
Satisfaction and Discharge Prior to Redemption or Maturity
 
.  Subject to the Indenture, if an Event of Default, as defined in the Indenture, occurs and is continuing, the Trustee or the holders of at least 25% in Principal amount of the Debentures may declare all the Debentures to be due and payable immediately.  Debentureholders may not enforce the Indenture or the Debentures except as provided in the Indenture.  The Trustee may require indemnity satisfactory to it before it enforces the Indenture or the Debentures.  Subject to certain limitations, holders of a majority in Principal amount of the Debentures may direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power.  The Trustee may withhold from Debentureholders notice of any continuing Default (except a Default in payment of Principal or interest) if it determines that withholding notice is in their interests.  The Company must furnish an annual compliance certificate to the Trustee.
(13)         
Defaults and Remedies
 
 
.  The Trustee under the Indenture, in its individual or any other capacity, may make loans to, accept deposits from, and perform services for the Company or its Affiliates, and may otherwise deal with the Company, or its Affiliates, as if it were not Trustee, subject to the Indenture and the Act.
(14)         
Trustee Dealings with Company
 
.  A director, officer, employee or stockholder, as such, of the Company shall not have any liability for any obligations of the Company under the Debentures or the Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of or by reason of such obligations or their creation.  Each Debentureholder by accepting a Debenture waives and releases all such liability.  The waiver and release are part of the consideration for the issue of the Debentures.
(15)         
No Recourse Against Others
 
.  This Debenture shall not be valid until authenticated by a manual signature of the Trustee.
(16)         
Authentication
 
.  Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Debentureholder or an assignee, such as:  TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (Custodian), and U/G A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).
(17)         
Abbreviations
 
The Company will furnish to any Debentureholder upon written request and without charge a copy of the Indenture.  Requests may be made to:  Secretary, The Steak N Shake Company, 36 S. Pennsylvania Street, Century Bldg. 500, Indianapolis, Indiana 46236.
 
 
 
To assign this Debenture, fill in the form below:
and irrevocably appoint 
                                                                                                                                                               
to transfer this Debenture on the books of the Company.  The agent may substitute another to act for him.
*       Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program (or other signature
guarantor acceptable to the Trustee).
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
i
 
 
ii
 
 
 
iii
 
 
 
N.A. means not applicable.
 
Note:  This Cross-Reference Table shall not, for any purpose, be deemed to be part of this Indenture.
 
 
iv
 
INDENTURE dated as of ______________________, 20__, between THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY, an Indiana corporation ("") and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association ("").
Company
Trustee
 
Each party agrees as follows for the benefit of the other parties and for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Company's 14% Subordinated Debentures Due 201_ (""):
Debentures
 
 
 
Section 1.01.
Definitions
.
 
"."  Any Person controlling or controlled by or under common control with the referenced Person.  "" for this definition means the power to direct the management and policies of a Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise.  The terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
Affiliate
Control
 
"."  Any Registrar or Paying Agent.
Agent
 
"."  The Board of Directors of the Person or any officer or committee thereof authorized to act for such Board.
Board
 
"."  A day that is not a Legal Holiday.
Business Day
 
"."  The party named as such above until a successor which duly assumes the obligations upon the Debentures and under the Indenture replaces it and thereafter means the successor.
Company
 
"."  At the time any determination thereof is to be made, the amount of the liability in respect of a capital lease that would at such time be required to be capitalized and reflected as a liability on a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) in accordance with GAAP.
Capital Lease Obligation
 
"."  With respect to any Person for any period, the total amount of depreciation and amortization expense, including the amortization of deferred financing fees, of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period on a consolidated basis and determined in accordance with GAAP.
Consolidated Depreciation and Amortization Expense
 
"."  With respect to any Person for any period, (i) the sum, without duplication, of: (A) consolidated interest expense of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period (including amortization of original issue discount, the interest component of Capital Lease Obligations and net payments (if any) pursuant to Interest Rate Hedging Agreements, but excluding amortization of deferred financing fees, expensing of any bridge or other financing fees and expenses) and (B) consolidated capitalized interest of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period, whether paid or accrued, less (ii) interest income of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period.
Consolidated Interest Expense
 
 
1
 
 
"."  With respect to any Person for any period, the net income of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period, on a consolidated basis, determined in accordance with GAAP.
Consolidated Net Income
 
""  Any debt facility or commercial paper facility with banks or other institutional lenders providing for revolving credit loans, term loans, receivables financing (including through the sale of receivables to such lenders or to special purpose entities formed to borrow from such lenders against such receivables) or letters of credit, in each case, as amended, restated, modified, renewed, refunded, replaced or refinanced in whole or in part from time to time.
Credit Facility.
 
."  The Debentures described above issued under this Indenture.
"Debentures
 
""  With respect to any Person, without duplication, (i) any obligation of such Person to pay the principal of, premium of, if any, interest on (including interest accruing on or after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy or for reorganization relating to the Company, whether or not a claim for such post-petition interest is allowed in such proceeding), penalties, reimbursement or indemnification amounts, fees, expenses or other amounts relating to any indebtedness, and any other liability, contingent or otherwise, of such Person (A) in respect of borrowed money (including instances where the recourse of the lender is to the whole of the assets of such Person or to a portion thereof), (B) evidenced by a bond, note, debenture or similar instrument (including a purchase money obligation) including securities, (C) evidenced by any letter of credit or performance bond (or any reimbursement agreement in respect thereof) or any bank guarantees or banker's acceptance, (D) representing Capital Lease Obligations, (E) representing the balance deferred and unpaid of the purchase price of any property, except any such balance that constitutes an accrued expense or trade payable or (F) representing any obligations in respect of Interest Rate Hedging Agreements; (ii) all direct or indirect guarantees, agreements to be jointly liable or similar agreements by such Person in respect of, and obligations or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of such Person to purchase or otherwise acquire or otherwise assure a creditor against loss in respect of, indebtedness, obligations or liabilities of another Person of the kind described in clause (i), to the extent that such indebtedness, obligations or liabilities would appear as a liability upon a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP; (iii) any obligation of the type described in clauses (i) and (ii) secured by a lien to which the property or assets of such Person are subject, whether or not the obligations secured thereby shall have been assumed by or shall otherwise be such Person's legal liability; and (iv) any and all deferrals, renewals, extensions and refunding of, or amendments, modifications or supplements to, any liability of the kind described in any of the preceding clauses (i), (ii) or (iii).
Debt.
 
"."  Any event which is, or after notice or passage of time would be, an Event of Default.
Default
 
 
2
 
""  With respect to any Person for any period, an amount equal to: (i) the sum of (A) Consolidated Net Income, (B) any provision for taxes based on income or profits, (C) Consolidated Interest Expense, (D) loss from extraordinary items, (E) Consolidated Depreciation and Amortization Expense, (F) any aggregate net loss from the sale, exchange or other disposition of capital assets and (G) all other non-cash expenses, charges and losses (including any unrealized losses relating to investments in marketable securities) that are not payable in cash in any subsequent period; minus (ii) the sum of, in each case to the extent included in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income, but without duplication, (A) any credit for income tax, (B) interest income, (C) gains from extraordinary items, (D) any aggregate net gain from the sale, exchange or other disposition of capital assets and (E) any other non-cash gains (including any unrealized gains relating to investments in marketable securities) or other items which have been added in determining Consolidated Net Income, including any reversal of a change referred to in clause (i)(G) above by reason of a decrease in the value of any marketable securities.
EBITDA.
 
"."  The Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Exchange Act
 
"."  The capital stock of the Company and all warrants, options or other rights to acquire the Company's capital stock (but excluding any debt security that is convertible into, or exchangeable for, the Company's capital stock).
Equity Interests
 
  For any period tested, the ratio of:  (i) the sum, without duplication, of the Company's EBITDA, plus rental expense and operating lease payments, less dividends and distributions to shareholders of the Company, expenses that are extraordinary items and Unfunded Capital Expenditures, to (ii) the sum of the Company's Consolidated Interest Expense, plus all principal payments (to the extent not funded by incurring other Debt) with respect to Debt that were paid or were due and payable by the Company or any of its consolidated Subsidiaries during the period tested, plus rental expense and operating lease payments, and all taxes paid in cash during such period.  The Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio shall be determined for the period tested on a consolidated basis.  For each period ending on or before the ending date of the Company's fiscal quarter that will end on or about March 31, 2010, the calculation of the Company's Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio shall not include principal payments made or payable during such period on the Debt payable to the noteholders under that certain Amended and Restated Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement dated as of September 20, 2002, entered into by and among the Company, Prudential, Prudential Investment Management, Inc., and certain Prudential affiliates, as amended, and as it may hereafter be amended, modified, or restated from time to time and that certain Credit Agreement dated as of November 16, 2001 entered into by and between the Company and Fifth Third Bank, as amended, and as it may be hereafter modified or restated from time to time.
"Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio."
 
"."  Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States.
GAAP
 
"" or "."  A Person in whose name a Debenture is registered.
Holder
Debentureholder
 
"."  This Indenture as amended from time to time, including the terms of the Debentures and any amendments.
Indenture
 
"."  With respect to any Person, the obligations of such Person under (i) interest rate swap agreements, interest rate cap agreements and interest rate collar agreements and (ii) other agreements or arrangements designed to protect such Person against fluctuations in interest rates.
Interest Rate Hedging Agreements
 
 
3
 
 
"."  A certificate signed by two Officers, at least one of whom shall be the principal executive officer, principal financial officer or principal accounting officer of the Company.  See and .
Officers' Certificate
Section 11.03
Section 11.04
 
"."  Written opinion from legal counsel who is acceptable to the Trustee.  See and .
Opinion of Counsel
Section 11.03
Section 11.04
 
"."  Any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, limited liability company, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated organization or government or other agency or political subdivision thereof.
Person
 
"" of a Debenture means the principal of the Debenture plus the premium, if any, on the Debenture which is due or overdue or is to become due at the relevant time.
Principal
 
"."  A liquidation, dissolution, bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership or similar proceeding under Bankruptcy Law, an assignment for the benefit of creditors, any marshalling of assets or liabilities, or winding up or dissolution, but shall not include any transaction permitted by and made in compliance with .
Proceeding
Article V
 
"."  The indenture trustee or other trustee, agent or representative for an issue of Senior Debt.
Representative
 
""  The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
SEC.
 
"."  (i) Debt of the Company under or in respect of any Credit Facility, whether for principal, interest (including interest accruing after the filing of a petition initiating any proceeding pursuant to any Bankruptcy Law, whether or not the claim for such interest is allowed as a claim in such proceeding), reimbursement obligations, fees, commissions, expenses, indemnities or other amounts and (ii) any other Debt of the Company permitted under the terms of this Indenture, unless the instrument under which such Debt is incurred or issued expressly provides that it is on a parity with or subordinated in right of payment to the Debentures. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing sentence, Senior Debt shall not include (i) any liability for federal, state, local or other taxes owed or owing by the Company, (ii) any Debt of the Company to any of its Subsidiaries or other Affiliates, (iii) any trade payables, (iv) any Debt that is incurred in violation of this Indenture (other than Debt under any Credit Facility that is incurred on the basis of a representation by the Company to the applicable lenders that it is permitted to incur such Debt under this Indenture) or (v) Debt that, if it were treated as Senior Debt at the time when it was incurred, would have caused the total unpaid principal amount of Senior Debt of the Company that would then be outstanding to have exceeded $50,000,000.
Senior Debt
 
"."  In respect of any Person, any corporation, association, partnership or other business entity of which more than 50% of the total voting power of shares of capital stock or other interests (including partnership interests) entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers, general partners or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by (i) such Person; (ii) such Person and one or more Subsidiaries of such Person; or (iii) one or more Subsidiaries of such Person.
Subsidiary
 
 
4
 
 
"."  The Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C.  77aaa-77bbbb), as amended, as in effect on the date of this Indenture, except as provided in and .
TIA
Section 1.04
Section 9.03
 
"."  Any officer or assistant officer of the Trustee assigned by the Trustee to administer its corporate trust matters or to whom a matter concerning the Indenture may be referred.
Trust Officer
 
"."  The party named as such above until a successor replaces it and thereafter means the successor.  See also .
Trustee
Section 10.14
 
"."  Securities that are direct, noncallable, nonredeemable obligations of, or noncallable, nonredeemable obligations guaranteed by, the United States for the timely payment of which obligation or guarantee the full faith and credit of the United States is pledged, or funds consisting solely of such securities, including funds managed by the Trustee or one of its Affiliates (including such funds for which it or its Affiliates receives fees in connection with such management).
U.S. Government Obligations
 
"."  For any period tested, a dollar amount not less than zero equal to the Company's capital expenditures as shown under "Investing Activities" in the Company's consolidated statement of cash flows for such period in accordance with GAAP, minus the sum of (i) proceeds from property and equipment disposals under "Investing Activities" in the Company's consolidated statement of cash flows for such period in accordance with GAAP, and (ii) proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt and from sale-leaseback transactions included under "Financing Activities" in the Company's consolidated statement of cash flows for such period in accordance with GAAP.
Unfunded Capital Expenditures
 
  .
Section 1.02.
Other Definitions
 
 
5
 
 
 
  .  Unless the context otherwise requires:
Section 1.03.
Rules of Construction
 
           a term defined in or has the meaning assigned to it therein, and terms defined in the TIA have the meanings assigned to them in the TIA;
(a)
Section 1.01
Section 1.02
 
           an accounting term not otherwise defined has the meaning assigned to it in accordance with GAAP;
(b)
 
           "" is not exclusive;
(c)
or
 
           words in the singular include the plural, and words in the plural include the singular;
(d)
 
           provisions apply to successive events and transactions;
(e)
 
           "herein," "hereof" and other words of similar import refer to this Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision; and
(f)
 
           "including" means including without limitation.
(g)
 
  .  The provisions of TIA Sections 310 through 317 that impose duties on any Person (including the provisions automatically deemed included herein unless expressly excluded by this Indenture) are a part of and govern this Indenture upon and so long as the Indenture and Debentures are subject to the TIA.  If any provision of this Indenture limits, qualifies or conflicts with such duties, the imposed duties shall control.  If a provision of the TIA requires or permits a provision of this Indenture and the TIA provision is amended, then the Indenture provision shall be automatically amended to like effect.
Section 1.04.
Trust Indenture Act
 
 
  .  The Debentures and the certificate of authentication shall be substantially in the form of , which is hereby incorporated in and expressly made a part of this Indenture.  The Debentures may have notations, legends or endorsements required by , law, stock exchange rule, automated quotation system, agreements to which the Company is subject, or usage.  Each Debenture shall be dated the date of its authentication.  The Debentures shall be in denominations of $1,000.00 and whole multiples of $1,000.00.
Section 2.01.
Form and Dating
Exhibit 
A
Section 2.11
 
  .  Two Officers shall sign the Debentures for the Company by manual or facsimile signature.
Section 2.02.
Execution and Authentication
 
 
6
 
If an Officer whose signature is on a Debenture no longer holds that office at the time the Debenture is authenticated, the Debenture is still valid.
 
A Debenture shall not be valid until an authorized signatory of the Trustee manually signs the certificate of authentication on the Debenture.  The signature shall be conclusive evidence that the Debenture has been authenticated under this Indenture.
 
The Trustee shall authenticate Debentures for original issue up to the amount stated in paragraph 4 of in accordance with an Officers' Certificate of the Company.  The aggregate principal amount of Debentures outstanding at any time may not exceed that amount except as provided in . In accepting the responsibilities under this Indenture in relation to such Debentures, the Trustee shall receive, and (subject to Section 7.01) will be fully protected in relying upon, an Opinion of Counsel stating that the Indenture and such Debentures, when authenticated and delivered by the Trustee and issued by the Company in the manner and subject to any conditions specified in such Opinion of Counsel, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company enforceable in accordance with their terms, except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or other laws relating to or affecting creditors' rights and by general principles of equity; and that all laws and requirements in respect of the execution and delivery by the Company of such Securities have been complied with.
Exhibit A
Section 2.07
 
The Trustee may appoint an authenticating agent acceptable to the Company to authenticate Debentures.  An authenticating agent may authenticate Debentures whenever the Trustee may do so.  Each reference in this Indenture to authentication by the Trustee includes authentication by such agent.  An authenticating agent has the same rights as an Agent to deal with the Company or an Affiliate.
 
  .  The Company shall maintain an office or agency where Debentures may be presented for registration of transfer or for exchange (""), where Debentures may be presented for payment ("").  Whenever the Company must issue or deliver Debentures pursuant to this Indenture, the Trustee shall authenticate the Debentures at the Company's request.  The Registrar shall keep a register of the Debentures and of their transfer and exchange.
Section 2.03.
Agents
Registrar
Paying Agent
 
The Company may appoint more than one Registrar or Paying Agent.  The Company shall notify the Trustee of the name and address of any Agent not a party to this Indenture.  If the Company does not appoint another Registrar or Paying Agent, the Trustee shall act as such.
 
Prior to due presentment of a Debenture for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee, and any agent of the Company or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name such Debenture is registered as the owner of such Debenture for the purpose of receiving payment of principal of and any interest on such Debenture and for all other purposes whatsoever.
 
7
 
  .  At least one Business Day prior to each due date of the Principal and interest on any Debenture, the Company shall deposit with the Paying Agent a sum sufficient to pay such Principal and interest when so becoming due.  The Company shall require each Paying Agent (other than the Trustee) to agree in writing that the Paying Agent will hold in trust for the benefit of Debentureholders or the Trustee all money held by the Paying Agent for the payment of the Principal of or interest on the Debentures, will notify the Trustee of any Default by the Company in making any such payment, and will comply with .  While any such Default continues, the Trustee may require a Paying Agent to pay all money held by it to the Trustee.  The Company at any time may require a Paying Agent to pay all money held by it to the Trustee and to account for any funds disbursed by the Paying Agent.  Upon complying with this Section, the Paying Agent shall have no further liability for the money delivered to the Trustee.  If the Company or any Affiliate acts as Paying Agent, it shall segregate the money held by it as Paying Agent and hold it as a separate trust fund.
Section 2.04.
Paying Agent To Hold Money in Trust
ARTICLE XI
 
  .  The Trustee shall preserve in as current a form as is reasonably practicable the most recent list available to it of the names and addresses of Debentureholders.  If the Trustee is not the Registrar, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee, in writing at least ten (10) Business Days before each interest payment date and at such other times as the Trustee may request, a list in such form and as of such date as the Trustee may reasonably require of the names and addresses of Debentureholders.
Section 2.05.
Debentureholder
Lists
 
  .  The Debentures shall be issued in registered form and shall be transferable only upon surrender of a Debenture for registration of transfer.  When a Debenture is presented to the Registrar with a request to register a transfer or to exchange them for an equal principal amount of Debentures of other denominations, the Registrar shall register the transfer or make the exchange if its requirements for such transactions are met and the Debenture has not been redeemed.  The Company may charge a reasonable fee for any registration of transfer or exchange but not for any exchange pursuant to , , or .
Section 2.06.
Transfer and Exchange
Section 2.10
Section 3.07
Section 9.05
Section 10.02
 
All Debentures issued upon any transfer or exchange pursuant to the terms of this Indenture will evidence the same debt and will be entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture as the Debentures surrendered upon such transfer or exchange.
 
  .  If the Holder of a Debenture claims that the Debenture has been lost, destroyed or wrongfully taken, then, in the absence of notice to the Company that the Debenture has been acquired by a protected purchaser, the Company shall issue a replacement Debenture.  If required by the Trustee or the Company, an indemnity bond must be provided which is sufficient in the judgment of both to protect the Company, the Trustee and the Agents from any loss which any of them may suffer if a Debenture is replaced.  The Company or the Trustee may charge the Holder for its expenses in replacing a Debenture.
Section 2.07.
Replacement Debentures
 
Every replacement Debenture is an additional obligation of the Company.
 
  .
Section 2.08.
Outstanding Debentures
 
     Debentures outstanding at any time are all Debentures authenticated by the Trustee except for those canceled by the Registrar, those delivered to it for cancellation and those described in this Section as not outstanding.  A Debenture does not cease to be outstanding because the Company or an Affiliate holds the Debenture.
(a)
 
8
 
     If a Debenture is replaced pursuant to , it ceases to be outstanding unless the Company receives proof satisfactory to it that the replaced Debenture is held by a protected purchaser.
(b)
Section 2.07
 
     If Debentures are considered paid under , they cease to be outstanding and interest on them ceases to accrue.
(c)
Section 4.01
 
  .  In determining whether the Holders of the required Principal amount of Debentures have concurred in any direction, waiver or consent, Debentures owned by the Company or an Affiliate shall be disregarded and deemed not to be outstanding, except that, for the purposes of determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying on any such direction, waiver or consent, only Debentures which the Trustee knows are so owned shall be so disregarded.  Debentures so owned which have been pledged in good faith shall not be disregarded if the pledgee establishes to the satisfaction of the Trustee the pledgee's right to deliver any such direction, waiver or consent with respect to the Debentures and that the pledgee is not the Company or any other obligor upon the Debentures or any Affiliate of the Company or of such other obligor.
Section 2.09.
Treasury
Debentures
Disregarded for Certain Purposes
 
  .  Until definitive Debentures are ready for delivery, the Company may use temporary Debentures.  Temporary Debentures shall be substantially in the form of definitive Debentures but may have variations that the Company considers appropriate for temporary Debentures.  Without unreasonable delay, the Company shall deliver definitive Debentures in exchange for temporary Debentures.
Section 2.10.
Temporary Debentures
 
  .  The Company may issue some or all of the Debentures in temporary or permanent global form.  The Company may issue a global Debenture only to a depository.  A depository may transfer a global Debenture only to its nominee or to a successor depository.  Interests in a global Debenture may be exchanged for definitive Debentures as directed by the depository in accordance with its procedures.  A global Debenture shall represent the amount of Debentures specified in the global Debenture, as reflected in the schedule of exchanges to such global Debenture substantially in the form of Exhibit B.  A global Debenture may have variations that the depository requires or that the Company considers appropriate for such a security.
Section 2.11.
Global Debentures
 
Beneficial owners of part or all of a global Debenture are subject to the rules of the depository as in effect from time to time.
 
The Company, the Trustee and the Agents shall not be responsible for any acts or omissions of a depository, for any depository records of beneficial ownership interests or for any transactions between the depository and beneficial owners.
 
  .  The Company at any time may deliver Debentures to the Trustee for cancellation.  The Paying Agent, if not the Trustee, shall forward to the Trustee any Debentures surrendered to them for payment.  The Trustee shall cancel all Debentures surrendered for registration of transfer, exchange, payment, or cancellation and shall dispose of canceled Debentures according to its standard procedures.  The Company may not issue new Debentures to replace Debentures that it has paid or which have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation.
Section 2.12.
Cancellation
 
9
 
  .  If the Company defaults in a payment of interest on the Debentures ("Defaulted Interest") such Defaulted Interest shall cease to be payable to the Debentureholder on the relevant record date and shall be paid by the Company, at its election, under either (1) or (2) below:
Section 2.13.
Defaulted Interest
 
      The Company may pay the Defaulted Interest together with interest thereon to the Persons which are Debentureholders on a subsequent special record date.  The Company shall notify the Trustee of the amount of Defaulted Interest together with interest thereon to be paid and pay over such amount to the Trustee.  The Trustee shall then fix a special record date and at the Company's expense shall notify Debentureholders not less than 10 days prior to such special record date of the proposed payment, of the special record date, and of the payment date.
(a)
 
     The Company may make payment of Defaulted Interest together with interest thereon in any lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Debentures may be listed or designated for issuance.  The Company shall give prompt notice to the Trustee and Debentureholders that it intends to make payment pursuant to this and of the special record date of the proposed payment, and of the payment date. Such notice shall be delivered by the Company to the Trustee not less than 10 days prior to such special record date of the proposed payment.
(b)
Section 2.13(b)
 
  .  The Company in issuing the Debentures may use CUSIP numbers, if then generally in use, and the Trustee may use such numbers in any notice, including any notice of redemption or exchange, with respect to such Debentures that any such notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness of such numbers either as printed on the Debentures or as contained in any notice of a redemption and that reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed on the Debentures, and any such redemption shall not be affected by any defect in or omission of such numbers.  The Company will promptly notify the Trustee in writing of any change in the CUSIP numbers.
Section 2.14.
CUSIP Numbers
provided
 
 
  .  The Debentures are not redeemable by the Company at any time prior to [].  From and after [], the Company may, at its option, redeem the Debentures, in whole or in part, subject to compliance with of this Indenture, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Debentures to be redeemed. The Company's right to redeem Debentures under this may not be exercised if and for so long as the Company has failed to pay interest on any Debenture when the same becomes due and payable.
Section 3.01.
General
first anniversary of date of issue
first anniversary of date of issue
Article III
Article III
 
10
 
   .
Section 3.02.
Notice to Trustee
 
      If Debentures are to be redeemed, the Company shall notify the Trustee of the redemption date, the Principal amount of Debentures to be redeemed and the provision of the Debentures permitting or requiring the redemption.
(a)
 
      The Company shall give each notice provided for in this Section at least 50 days before the redemption date unless a shorter period is satisfactory to the Trustee. If fewer than all the Debentures are to be redeemed, the record date relating to such redemption shall be selected by the Company and given to the Trustee, which record date shall be not less than 15 days prior to the redemption date.
(b)
 
   .  If less than all the Debentures are to be redeemed, the Trustee shall select the Debentures to be redeemed by a method that complies with the requirements, if any, of any stock exchange on which the Debentures are listed and that the Trustee considers fair and appropriate, which may include selection pro rata or by lot.  The Trustee shall make the selection from Debentures outstanding not previously called for redemption.  The Trustee may select for redemption portions of the Principal of Debentures that have denominations larger than $1,000.  Debentures and portions thereof selected by the Trustee shall be in amounts of $1,000 or whole multiples of $1,000.  Provisions of this Indenture that apply to Debentures called for redemption also apply to portions of Debentures called for redemption.  Global Debentures shall be selected for redemption in accordance with the procedures of the depository.
Section 3.03.
Selection of Debentures To Be Redeemed
 
   .  At least 30 days but not more than 60 days before a redemption date, the Company shall mail a notice of redemption to each Holder whose Debentures are to be redeemed.
Section 3.04.
Notice of Redemption
 
The notice shall state that it is a notice of redemption, identify the Debentures to be redeemed and shall state:
 
     the redemption date;
(a)
 
    the redemption price;
(b)
 
     the name and address of the Paying Agent;
(c)
 
     that Debentures called for redemption must be surrendered to the Paying Agent to collect the redemption price;
(d)
 
     that, unless the Company defaults in making such redemption payment or the Paying Agent is prohibited from making such payment pursuant to the terms of this Indenture, interest on Debentures (or portion thereof) called for redemption ceases to accrue on and after the redemption date; and
(e)
 
      list the CUSIP number of the Debentures and state that no representation is made as to the correctness or accuracy of the CUSIP number, if any, listed in such notice or printed on the Debentures.
(f)
 
11
 
At the Company's request, the Trustee shall give the notice of redemption in the Company's name and at its expense.
 
  .  Once notice of redemption is mailed, Debentures called for redemption become due and payable on the redemption date at the redemption price.  Upon surrender to the Paying Agent, such Debentures shall be paid at the redemption price stated in the notice, plus accrued interest to the redemption date.  Failure to give notice or any defect in the notice to any Holder shall not affect the validity of the notice to any other Holder.
Section 3.05.
Effect of Notice of Redemption
 
  .  At least one Business Day prior to the redemption date, the Company shall deposit with the Paying Agent (or, if the Company or any Affiliate is the Paying Agent, shall segregate and hold in trust) money sufficient to pay the redemption price of, and accrued interest on, all Debentures to be redeemed on that date other than Debentures or portions of Debentures called for redemption which have been delivered by the Company to the Registrar for cancellation.  Unless the Company shall default in the payment of Debentures (and accrued interest) called for redemption, interest on such Debentures shall cease to accrue after the redemption date.
Section 3.06.
Deposit of Redemption Price
 
  .  Upon surrender of a Debenture that is redeemed in part, the Company shall deliver to the Holder (at the Company's expense) a new Debenture equal in Principal amount to the unredeemed portion of the Debenture surrendered.
Section 3.07.
Debentures Redeemed in Part
 
 
  .  The Company shall pay or cause to be paid the Principal of and interest on the Debentures on the dates and in the manner provided in the Debentures and this Indenture.  Principal and interest shall be considered paid on the date due if the Paying Agent (if other than the Company or an Affiliate thereof) holds as of 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time on the due date money deposited by the Company in immediately available funds and designated for and sufficient to pay all Principal and interest then due.  The Company shall pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue Principal at the rate equal to two percent per annum in excess of the then applicable interest rate on the Debentures to the extent lawful; it shall pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue Defaulted Interest (without regard to any applicable grace period) at the same rate to the extent lawful.
Section 4.01.
Payment of Debentures
 
  The Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly:  (i) declare or pay a dividend or make any other payment or distribution on account of the Company's Equity Interests (including, without limitation, any payment to holders of the Company's Equity Interests in connection with any merger or consolidation involving the Company) or to the direct or indirect holders of the Company's Equity Interests in their capacity as such; (ii) purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire or retire for value any Equity Interests of the Company in excess of $2,000,000 in the aggregate during any 12-month period; (iii) make any principal payment on, or purchase, redeem, defease or otherwise acquire or retire for value any Debt that is subordinated to the Debentures, except at final maturity (all such payments and other actions set forth in clauses (i) through (iii) above being collectively referred to as ""), unless, at the time of and after giving effect to such Restricted Payment: (a) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would occur as a consequence thereof and (ii) the Company's Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ended with the fiscal quarter most recently completed before the date of such Restricted Payment, shall (on a pro forma basis, as adjusted to give effect to such Restricted Payment as if it had been made as of the close of business on the last day of such period) have been greater than or equal to 1.30 to 1.00.
Section 4.02.
Restrictions
 
on
Dividend
s and other Payments
.
Restricted Payments
 
12
 
   Subject to the provisions of Section 4.08, the Company shall not create, incur, issue, assume, guarantee or otherwise become directly or indirectly liable, contingently or otherwise, with respect to (collectively, "incur") any Debt, and shall not permit any Subsidiary to incur any Debt, unless (i) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would occur as a consequence thereof and (ii) the Company's Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the period of four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters ended with the fiscal quarter most recently completed before the date such is incurred, shall (on a pro forma basis, as adjusted to give effect to the incurrence of such Debt as if it had been incurred as of the close of business on the last day of such period) have been greater than or equal to 1.30 to 1.00.
Section 4.03.
Restrictions on
Debt
.
 
  .  The Company shall file with the Trustee within 15 days after it files them with the SEC copies of the annual reports and of the information, documents and other reports which the Company is required to file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.  The Company will cause any quarterly and annual reports which it makes available to its stockholders to be mailed to the Holders.  The Company will also comply with the other provisions of TIA Section 314(a).  Delivery of such reports, information and documents to the Trustee is for informational purposes only and the Trustee's receipt of such shall not constitute notice or constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Company's compliance with any of its covenants hereunder (as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively on Officers' Certificates).
Section 4.04.
SEC Reports
 
  .  The Company shall deliver to the Trustee, within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company, an Officers' Certificate (that need not comply with the provisions of Section 11.04) stating that a review of the activities of the Company and its Subsidiaries during the preceding fiscal year has been made under the supervision of the signing Officer(s) with a view to determining whether the Company has kept, observed, performed and fulfilled its obligations under this Indenture, and further stating, as to each such Officer signing such certificate, that to the best of his or her knowledge, in such Officer's capacity as an Officer of the Company:
Section 4.05.
Compliance Certificate
 
      the Company has kept, observed, performed and fulfilled each and every covenant contained in this Indenture and is not in default (without regard to grace periods or notice requirements) in the performance or observance of any of the terms, provisions and conditions of this Indenture, or, if a Default or Event of Default shall have occurred, describing all such Defaults or Events of Default of which he or she may have knowledge and what action the Company is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto; and
(a)
 
13
 
     no event has occurred and remains in existence by reason of which payments on account of the Principal of or interest on the Debentures are prohibited or if such event has occurred, a description of the event and what action the Company is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto.
(b)
 
  .  The Company shall give prompt written notice to the Trustee and any Paying Agent of (i) any Proceeding, (ii) any Default or Event of Default, (iii) any cure or waiver of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) any Senior Debt Payment Default or Senior Debt Default Notice, and (v) if and when the Debentures are listed on any stock exchange.
Section 4.06.
Notice of Certain Events
 
  . Except as permitted by Article V hereof, the Company will do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect its corporate existence and all rights (charter and statutory) of the Company.
Section 4.07.
Corporate Existence
 
  . Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 4.03 hereof, the Company shall not incur, create, issue, assume, guarantee or otherwise become liable for any Debt (other than Debt that is Senior Debt at the time that the Company incurs, creates, issues, assumes, guarantees, or otherwise becomes liable therefor) that is senior in any respect in right of payment to the Debentures.
Section 4.08.
Senior Debt Limitation
 
 
  .  The Company shall not consolidate or merge with or into, or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets, in one or more related transactions, to any Person unless:
Section 5.01.
When Company May Merge, etc
 
      either the Company shall be the resulting or surviving entity or such Person is a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the United States, a State thereof or the District of Columbia;
(a)
 
     if the Company is not the resulting or surviving entity, such Person assumes by supplemental indenture all the obligations of the Company under the Debentures and this Indenture; and
(b)
 
      immediately before and immediately after giving effect to such transaction or series of transactions no Default exists.
(c)
 
The Company shall deliver to the Trustee prior to the proposed transaction an Officers' Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each of which shall state that such consolidation, merger or transfer and such supplemental indenture comply with this and that all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to such transaction and the execution and delivery of such supplemental indenture have been complied with.
ARTICLE V
 
14
 
  .  Upon any consolidation or merger, or any sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company in accordance with , the successor corporation formed by such consolidation or into which the Company is merged or to which such transfer is made shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Company under this Indenture and the Debentures with the same effect as if such successor corporation had been named as the Company herein and in the Debentures.  Thereafter the obligations of the Company under the Debentures and Indenture shall terminate except for (i) obligations the Company may have under a supplemental indenture pursuant to and (ii) in the case of a sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition of the assets of the Company, the obligation to pay the Principal of and interest on the Debentures.
Section 5.02.
Successor Corporation Substituted
Section 5.01
Article IX
 
 
  .  An "Event of Default" occurs if:
Section 6.01.
Events of Default
 
     the Company fails to pay interest on any Debenture when the same becomes due and payable and such failure continues for a period of 10 days, whether or not such payment is prohibited by the provisions of Article X;
(a)
 
     the Company fails to pay the Principal of any Debenture when the same becomes due and payable at maturity, upon redemption or otherwise, whether or not such payment is prohibited by the provisions of Article X;
(b)
 
      the Company fails to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement on the part of the Company to be observed or performed pursuant to ;
(c)
Article V
 
     the Company fails to comply with any of its other agreements or covenants in, or provisions of, the Debentures or this Indenture and such failure continues for the period and after the notice specified below;
(d)
 
     a default occurs under any Senior Debt of the Company, whether such Senior Debt now exists or shall be created hereafter, which default results in the acceleration of such Senior Debt prior to its express maturity; , that if any such acceleration is rescinded, or such Senior Debt is repaid, within a period of 10 days from the continuation of such default beyond the occurrence of such acceleration, as the case may be, such Event of Default under this Indenture and any consequential acceleration of the Debentures shall be automatically rescinded;
(e)
provided
 
      the Company pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law:
(f)
 
          commences a voluntary case or proceeding,
  (i)
 
         consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case or proceeding,
  (ii)
 
        consents to the appointment of a Custodian of it or for all or substantially all of its property, or
  (iii)
 
        makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or
  (iv)
 
15
 
     a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that:
(g)
 
           is for relief against the Company in an involuntary case or proceeding,
  (i)
 
         appoints a Custodian of the Company for all or substantially all of its property, or
  (ii)
 
        orders the liquidation of the Company, and the order or decree remains unstayed and in effect for 60 days.
  (iii)
 
The foregoing will constitute Events of Default whatever the reason for any such Event of Default, whether it is voluntary or involuntary, a consequence of the application of , or is effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body.
ARTICLE XI
 
The term "Bankruptcy Law" means title 11 of the U.S. Code or any other U.S. federal or state law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, winding up, liquidation, receivership, reorganization or relief of debtors.  The term "Custodian" means any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law.
 
A Default under clause (d) is not an Event of Default until the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in Principal amount of the Debentures notify the Company and the Trustee of the Default and the Company does not cure the Default, or it is not waived, within 45 days after receipt of the notice.  The notice must specify the Default, demand that it be remedied to the extent consistent with law, and state that the notice is a "Notice of Default."
 
  .  If an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default specified in clause (e) or (f) of Section 6.01) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee by notice to the Company, or the Holders of at least 25% in Principal amount of the Debentures by notice to the Company and the Trustee, may declare the Principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on all the Debentures to be due and payable.  Upon such declaration the Principal and interest shall be due and payable immediately.If an Event of Default specified in clause (e) or (f) of occurs with respect to the Company, all the Principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on all the Debentures shall automatically become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder.
Section 6.02.
Acceleration
 
 
Section 6.01
 
The Holders of a majority in Principal amount of the Debentures by notice to the Company and the Trustee may rescind an acceleration and its consequences if the rescission would not conflict with any judgment or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction and if all existing Events of Default have been cured or waived except nonpayment of Principal or interest that has become due solely because of the acceleration.
 
  .  If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may pursue any available remedy to collect the payment of Principal or interest on the Debentures or to enforce the performance of any provision of the Debentures or this Indenture.
Section 6.03.
Other Remedies
 
16
 
The Trustee may maintain a proceeding even if it does not possess any of the Debentures or does not produce any of them in the proceeding.  A delay or omission by the Trustee or any Debentureholder in exercising any right or remedy accruing upon an Event of Default shall not impair the right or remedy or constitute a waiver of or acquiescence in the Event of Default.  All remedies are cumulative to the extent permitted by law.
 
  .  The Holders of a majority in Principal amount of the Debentures by notice to the Trustee may waive an existing Default and its consequences except:
Section 6.04.
Waiver of Past Defaults
 
     a Default in the payment of the Principal of or interest on any Debenture;
(a)
 
     a Default with respect to a provision that under cannot be amended without the consent of each Debentureholder affected.
(b)
Section 9.02
 
  .  The Holders of a majority in Principal amount of the Debentures may direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee.  However, the Trustee may refuse to follow any direction that conflicts with law or this Indenture, is unduly prejudicial to the rights of other Debentureholders, or would involve the Trustee in personal liability or expense for which the Trustee has not received a satisfactory indemnity.
Section 6.05.
Control by Majority
 
  .  A Debentureholder may pursue a remedy with respect to this Indenture or the Debentures only if:
Section 6.06.
Limitation on Suits
 
      the Holder gives to the Trustee notice of a continuing Event of Default;
(a)
 
     the Holders of at least 25% in Principal amount of the Debentures make a request to the Trustee to pursue the remedy and such Holders have offered to the Trustee indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee against the costs, expenses, and liabilities to be incurred in compliance with such request;
(b)
 
      the Trustee either (i) gives to such Holders notice it will not comply with the request, or (ii) does not comply with the request within 15 days after receipt of the request; and
(c)
 
     the Holders of a majority in Principal amount of the Debentures do not give the Trustee a direction inconsistent with the request prior to the earlier of the date, if ever, on which the Trustee delivers a notice under Section 6.06(c)(i) or the expiration of the period described in Section 6.06(c)(ii).
(d)
 
A Debentureholder may not use this Indenture to prejudice the rights of another Debentureholder or to obtain a preference or priority over another Debentureholder. The Trustee shall mail to all Holders any notice it receives from Holders under this Section and of any notice the Trustee provides pursuant to .
Section 6.06(c)(i)
 
17
 
  .  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture, the right of any Holder of a Debenture to receive payment of Principal and interest on the Debenture, on or after the respective due dates expressed in the Debenture, or to bring suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or after such respective dates, shall not be impaired or affected without the consent of the Holder.
Section 6.07.
Rights of Holders To Receive Payment
 
Nothing in this Indenture limits or defers the right or ability of Holders to petition for commencement of a case under applicable Bankruptcy Law to the extent consistent with such Bankruptcy Law.
 
  .  If an Event of Default in the payment of Principal or interest specified in clause (a) or (b) of occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may recover judgment in its own name and as trustee of an express trust against the Company for the whole amount of Principal and accrued interest remaining unpaid, together with, to the extent that payment of such interest is lawful, interest on overdue principal and on overdue Defaulted Interest, in each case at the rate per annum borne by the Debentures and such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of collection, including the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel.
Section 6.08.
Collection Suit by Trustee
Section 6.01
 
  .  The Trustee may file such proofs of claim and other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Trustee (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel) and the Holders allowed in any judicial proceedings relative to the Company, its creditors or its property and shall be entitled and empowered to collect and receive any money or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same, and any Custodian in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Holder to make such payments to the Trustee and, in the event that the Trustee shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Holders, to pay to the Trustee any amount due to it for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Trustee under , and to the extent that such payment of the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances in any such proceedings shall be denied for any reason, payment of the same shall be secured by a lien on, and shall be paid out of, any and all distributions, dividends, money, securities and other property which the Holders may be entitled to receive in such proceedings, whether in liquidation or under any plan of reorganization or arrangement or otherwise. Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize or consent to, or, on behalf of any Holder, to authorize, accept or adopt any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Debentures or the rights of any Holder thereof, or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding. The Trustee may, on behalf of the Holders, vote for the election of a trustee in bankruptcy or similar official and be a member of a creditors' or other similar committee.
Section 6.09.
Trustee May File Proofs of Claim
Section 7.07
 
  .  After an Event of Default any money or other property distributable in respect of the Company's obligations under this Indenture shall be paid in the following order:
Section 6.10.
Priorities
 
18
First:  to the Trustee (including any predecessor Trustee) for amounts due or reasonably anticipated to become due under ;
Section 7.07
 
Second:  to holders of Senior Debt to the extent required by ;
ARTICLE XI
 
Third:  to Debentureholders for amounts due and unpaid on the Debentures for Principal and interest, ratably, without preference or priority of any kind, according to the amounts due and payable on the Debentures for Principal and interest, respectively; and
 
Fourth:  to the Company.
 
The Trustee may fix a record date and payment date for any payment to Debentureholders.
 
   .  In any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken or omitted by it as Trustee, a court in its discretion may require the filing by any party litigant in the suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of the suit, and the court in its discretion may assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, against any party litigant in the suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by the party litigant.  This Section does not apply to a suit by the Trustee, a suit by a Holder pursuant to or a suit by Holders of more than 10% in Principal amount of the Debentures.
Section 6.11.
Undertaking for Costs
Section 6.07
 
   .  For the purpose of providing any consent, waiver or instruction to the Company or the Trustee, a "Holder" or "Debentureholder" shall include a Person who provides to the Company or the Trustee, as the case may be, an affidavit of beneficial ownership of a Debenture together with a satisfactory indemnity against any loss, liability or expense to such party to the extent that it acts upon such affidavit of beneficial ownership (including any consent, waiver or instructions given by a Person providing such affidavit and indemnity).
Section 6.12.
Actions of a Holder
 
 
   .
Section 7.01.
Duties of Trustee
 
           If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee shall exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in their exercise, as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of its own affairs.
(a)
 
           Except during the continuance of an Event of Default:
(b)
 
           The Trustee need perform only those duties that are specifically set forth in this Indenture and no others.
(i)
 
19
 
           In the absence of bad faith on its part, the Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon certificates or opinions furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of this Indenture.  However, the Trustee shall examine the certificates and opinions to determine whether or not they conform to the requirements of this Indenture.
(ii)
 
           The Trustee may not be relieved from liability for its own negligent action, its own negligent failure to act or its own willful misconduct, except that:
(c)
 
           This paragraph does not limit the effect of paragraph (b) of this Section.
(i)
 
          The Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Trust Officer, unless it is proved that the Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts.
(ii)
 
         The Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in accordance with a direction received by it pursuant to  .
(iii)
Section 6.05
or in accordance with the direction of the Holders of a majority in
principal amount of the
Outstanding Debentures relating to the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any right or power conferred upon the Trustee, under this Indenture
 
         The Trustee may refuse to perform any duty or exercise any right or power which would require it to expend its own funds or risk any liability if it shall reasonably believe that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk is not reasonably assured to it.
(iv)
 
           Every provision of this Indenture that in any way relates to the Trustee is subject to paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of this Section.
(d)
 
           The Trustee shall not be liable for interest on any money received by it except as the Trustee may agree with the Company in writing. Money held in trust by the Trustee need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law.
(e)
 
   .
Section 7.02.
Rights of Trustee
 
           The Trustee may rely on any document believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper Person.  The Trustee need not investigate any fact or matter stated in the document.
(a)
 
           Before the Trustee acts or refrains from acting, it may require an Officers' Certificate or an Opinion of Counsel.  The Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on the Officers' Certificate or an Opinion of Counsel.  The Trustee may also consult with counsel on any matter relating to the Indenture or the Debentures and the Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on the advice of such counsel or in reliance on any Opinion of Counsel.
(b)
 
20
 
 
           The Trustee may act through agents and shall not be responsible for the misconduct or negligence of any agent appointed with due care.
(c)
 
           The Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith which it believes to be authorized or within its rights or powers.
(d)
 
           Except in connection with compliance with TIA Section 310 or 311, the Trustee shall only be charged with knowledge of Trust Officers.
(e)
 
   .  The Trustee in its individual or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of Debentures and may otherwise deal with the Company or an Affiliate of the Company with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee.  Any Agent may do the same with like rights.  However, the Trustee is subject to TIA Sections 310(b) and 311. Any other indenture of the Company is excluded from TIA Section 310(b) to the maximum extent allowable by the TIA.
Section 7.03.
Individual Rights of Trustee; Disqualification
 
   .  The Trustee shall have no responsibility for the validity or adequacy of this Indenture or the Debentures. It shall not be accountable for the Company's use of the proceeds from the Debentures, shall not be responsible for any statement in the Debentures other than its authentication, and shall not be responsible for any document or statement in connection with the issuance or sale of the Debentures.
Section 7.04.
Trustee's Disclaimer
 
   .  If a continuing Default is known to the Trustee, the Trustee shall mail to Debentureholders a notice of the Default within 90 days after it occurs.  Except in the case of a Default in payment on any Debenture, the Trustee may withhold the notice if and so long as a committee of its Trust Officers in good faith determines that withholding the notice is in the interests of Debentureholders.
Section 7.05.
Notice of Defaults
 
   .  If required pursuant to TIA Section 313(a), within 60 days after the reporting date stated in , the Trustee shall mail to Debentureholders a brief report dated as of such reporting date that complies with TIA Section 313(a).  The Trustee also shall comply with TIA Section 313(b)(2).
Section 7.06.
Reports by Trustee to Holders
Section 1
1
.09
 
A copy of each report at the time of its mailing to Debentureholders shall be filed with the SEC and each stock exchange on which the Debentures are listed.
 
   .  The Company shall pay to the Trustee from time to time reasonable compensation for its services, including for any Agent capacity in which it acts.  The Trustee's compensation shall not be limited by any law on compensation of a trustee of an express trust.  The Company shall reimburse the Trustee upon request for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by it.  Such expenses shall include the reasonable compensation and out-of-pocket expenses of the Trustee's agents and counsel.
Section 7.07.
Compensation and Indemnity
 
The Company shall indemnify the Trustee against any loss, liability or expense incurred by it including in any Agent capacity in which it acts.  The Trustee shall notify the Company promptly of any claim for which it may seek indemnity.  The Company shall defend the claim and the Trustee shall cooperate in the defense.  The Trustee may have separate counsel and the Company shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel.
 
21
 
 
The Company need not pay for any settlement made without its consent, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld.  The Company need not reimburse any expense or indemnify against any loss or liability incurred by the Trustee through negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith.
 
To secure the Company's payment obligations in this Section, the Trustee shall have a lien prior to the Debentures on all money or property held or collected by the Trustee, except that held in trust to pay Principal and interest on particular Debentures.
 
Without prejudice to its rights hereunder, when the Trustee incurs expenses or renders services after an Event of Default specified in or (g) occurs, the expenses and the compensation for the services are intended to constitute expenses of administration under any Bankruptcy Law.
Section 6.01(f)
 
The provisions of this Section shall survive the satisfaction and discharge or termination of this Indenture, the resignation or removal of the Trustee.
, and the defeasance of the
Debentures
 
   .  A resignation or removal of the Trustee and appointment of a successor Trustee shall become effective only upon the successor Trustee's acceptance of appointment as provided in this Section.
Section 7.08.
Replacement of Trustee
 
The Trustee may resign by so notifying the Company.  The Holders of a majority in Principal amount of the Debentures may remove the Trustee by so notifying the Trustee and the Company.  The Company may remove the Trustee if:
 
           the Trustee fails to comply with ;
(a)
Section 7.10
 
           the Trustee is adjudged a bankrupt or an insolvent;
(b)
 
           a receiver or public officer takes charge of the Trustee or its property; or
(c)
 
           the Trustee becomes incapable of acting.
(d)
 
If the Trustee resigns or is removed or if a vacancy exists in the office of Trustee for any reason, the Company shall promptly appoint a successor Trustee.
 
If a successor Trustee is not appointed and does not take office within 30 days after the retiring Trustee resigns, the retiring Trustee may appoint a successor Trustee at any time prior to the date on which a successor Trustee takes office.  If a successor Trustee does not take office within 45 days after the retiring Trustee resigns or is removed, the retiring Trustee, the Company or, subject to , any Debentureholder may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee.
Section 6.11
 
If the Trustee fails to comply with , any Debentureholder may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Trustee and the appointment of a successor Trustee.  Within one year after a successor Trustee appointed by the Company or a court pursuant to this takes office, the Holders of a majority in Principal amount of the Debentures may appoint a successor Trustee to replace such successor Trustee.
Section 7.10
Section 7.08
 
22
 
 
A successor Trustee shall deliver a written acceptance of its appointment to the retiring Trustee and to the Company.  Thereupon the resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee shall become effective, and the successor Trustee shall have all the rights, powers and duties of the Trustee under this Indenture.  The successor Trustee shall mail a notice of its succession to Debentureholders.  The retiring Trustee shall promptly transfer all property held by it as Trustee to the successor Trustee, subject to the lien provided for in .
Section 7.07
 
   .  If the Trustee consolidates, merges or converts into, or transfers all or substantially all of its corporate trust business to, another corporation, the successor corporation without any further act shall be the successor Trustee, if such successor corporation is eligible and qualified under .
Section 7.09.
Successor Trustee by Merger, etc
Section 7.10
 
   .  This Indenture shall always have a Trustee who satisfies the requirements of TIA Sections 310(a)(1) and 310(a)(2).  The Trustee shall always have a combined capital and surplus as stated in .
Section 7.10.
Eligibility
Section 1
1
.09
 
   .  Upon and so long as the Indenture is qualified under the TIA, the Trustee is subject to TIA Section 311(a), excluding any creditor relationship listed in TIA Section 311(b).  A Trustee who has resigned or been removed is subject to TIA Section 311(a) to the extent indicated.
Section 7.11.
Preferential Collection of Claims Against Company
 
 
   .  This Indenture shall cease to be of further effect (except as to any registration of transfer or exchange of Debentures expressly provided for herein), and the Trustee, on demand of and at expense of the Company, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, when
Section 8.01.
Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture
 
           either
(a)
 
           all Debentures theretofore authenticated and delivered (other than (x) Debentures which have been destroyed, lost or stolen and which have been replaced or paid as provided in and (y) Debentures for whose payment money has theretofore been deposited in trust or segregated and held in trust by the Company and thereafter repaid to the Company or discharged from such trust, as provided in ) have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation; or
(i)
Section 2.07
Section 8.04
 
           all such Debentures not theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation
(ii)
 
           have become due and payable, or
(A)
 
           will become due and payable at their stated maturity within one year, or
(B)
 
23
 
 
           are to be called for redemption within one year under arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for the giving of notice of redemption by the Trustee in the name, and at the expense, of the Company,
(C)
 
and the Company in the case of (A), (B), and (C) above, has deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee as trust funds in trust for the purpose an amount of money or U.S. Government Obligations, or a combination thereof in such amounts as will be sufficient, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of public accountants, to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness on such Debentures not theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation, for Principal and interest to the date of such deposit (in the case of Debentures which have become due and payable) or to the stated maturity or redemption date, as the case may be;
 
           the Company has paid or caused to be paid all other sums payable hereunder by the Company; and
(b)
 
           the Company has delivered to the Trustee an Officers' Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture have been complied with.
(c)
 
Notwithstanding the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, the obligations of the Company to the Holders under , to the Trustee under , and, if money or U.S. Government Obligations shall have been deposited with the Trustee pursuant to clause (ii) of paragraph (a) of this Section 8.01, the obligations of the Trustee under shall survive.
Section 4.01
Section 7.07
Section 8.02
 
   .  The Trustee or Paying Agent shall hold in trust, for the benefit of the Holders, all money and U.S. Government Obligations deposited with it (or into which such money and U.S. Government Obligations are reinvested) pursuant to .  It shall apply such deposited money and money from U.S. Government Obligations in accordance with this Indenture to the payment of the Principal and interest on the Debentures.  Money and U.S. Government Obligations so held in trust (i) are not subject to and (ii) are subject to the Trustee's rights under .
Section 8.02.
Application of Trust Funds
Section 8.01
ARTICLE XI
Section 7.07
 
   .  If the Trustee or Paying Agent is unable to apply any money or U.S. Obligations in accordance with by reason of any order or judgment of any court or governmental authority enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting such application, then the Company's obligations under this Indenture, the Debentures shall be revived and reinstated as though no deposit had occurred pursuant to this , until such time as the Trustee or Paying Agent is permitted to apply all such money or U.S. Government Obligations in accordance with ; provided, however, that if the Company makes any payment of Principal of or interest on any Debenture following the reinstatement of its obligations, the Company shall be subrogated to the rights of the Holders of such Debentures to receive such payment from the money or U.S. Government Obligations held by the Trustee or Paying Agent after payment in full to the Holders.
Section 8.03.
Reinstatement
Section 8.01
ARTICLE VIII
Section 8.01
 
24
 
 
   .  The Trustee and Paying Agent shall promptly turn over to the Company upon request any excess money or U.S. Government Obligations held by them at any time.  All money or U.S. Government Obligations deposited with the Trustee pursuant to (and held by it or a Paying Agent) for the payment of Debentures subsequently redeemed shall be returned to the Company upon request.
Section 8.04.
Repayment to Company
Section 8.01
 
The Trustee and the Paying Agent shall pay to the Company, upon request and subject to applicable abandoned property law, any money held by them for payment of Principal or interest that remains unclaimed for two years after the right to such money has matured.  After payment to the Company, Debentureholders entitled to the money shall look to the Company for payment as unsecured general creditors unless an abandoned property law designates another Person.
 
 
   .  The Company and the Trustee may amend this Indenture or the Debentures without the consent of any Debentureholder:
Section 9.01.
Without Consent of Holders
 
           to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency;
(a)
 
           to comply with ; or
(b)
Section 5.01
 
           to make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Debentureholder.
(c)
 
  .  The Company and the Trustee may amend this Indenture or the Debentures with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in Principal amount of the Debentures.  However, notwithstanding the foregoing but subject to , without the written consent of each Debentureholder affected, an amendment or waiver, including a waiver pursuant to , may not:
Section 9.02.
With Consent of Holders
Section 9.04
Section 6.04
 
           reduce the amount of Debentures whose Holders must consent to an amendment;
(a)
 
           reduce the interest on or change the time for payment of interest on any Debenture;
(b)
 
           reduce the Principal of or change the fixed maturity of any Debenture;
(c)
 
           make any Debenture payable in money other than that stated in the Debenture;
(d)
 
           make any change in , or (second sentence); or
(e)
Section 6.04
Section 6.07
Section 9.02
 
25
 
 
           make any change in that adversely affects the rights of any Debentureholder.
(f)
ARTICLE XI
 
It shall not be necessary for the consent of the Holders under this Section to approve the particular form of any proposed amendment, but it shall be sufficient if such consent approves the substance thereof.
 
An amendment under this Section may not make any change that adversely affects the rights under of any Senior Debt unless it consents to the change.
ARTICLE XI
 
   .  Every amendment to this Indenture or the Debentures shall comply with the TIA as then in effect, so long as the Indenture and Debentures are subject to the TIA.  The Trustee is entitled to, and the Company shall provide an Opinion of Counsel and Officers' Certificate that the Trustee's execution of any amendment or supplemental indenture is permitted under this .
Section 9.03.
Compliance with Trust Indenture Act and
Section 11.03
ARTICLE IX
 
   .  A consent to an amendment or a waiver by a Holder of a Debenture shall bind the Holder and every subsequent Holder of that Debenture or portion of the Debenture that evidences the same debt as the consenting Holder's Debenture, even if notation of the consent or waiver is not made on the Debenture.  However, any such Holder or subsequent Holder may revoke the consent or waiver as to such Holder's Debenture or portion of the Debenture if the Trustee receives the notice of revocation before the date the amendment or waiver becomes effective.  After an amendment or waiver becomes effective, it shall bind every Debentureholder.
Section 9.04.
Revocation and Effect of Consents and Waivers
 
The Company may, but shall not be obligated to, fix a record date for the purpose of determining the Debentureholders entitled to give their consent or take any other action described above or required or permitted to be taken pursuant to this Indenture.  If a record date is fixed, then notwithstanding the immediately preceding paragraph, those Persons who were Debentureholders at such record date (or their duly designated proxies), and only those Persons, shall be entitled to give such consent or to revoke any consent previously given or take any such action, whether or not such Persons continue to be Holders after such record date.  No such consent shall be valid or effective for more than 120 days after such record date.
 
   .  After any amendment under this Article becomes effective, the Company shall mail to Debentureholders a notice briefly describing such amendment.  The failure to give such notice to all Debentureholders, or any defect therein, shall not impair or affect the validity of an amendment under this Article.
Section 9.05.
Notice of Amendment; Notation on or Exchange of Debentures
 
The Company or the Trustee may place an appropriate notation about an amendment or waiver on any Debenture thereafter authenticated.  The Company may issue in exchange for affected Debentures new Debentures that reflect the amendment or waiver.
 
   .  The Trustee need not sign any supplemental indenture that adversely affects its rights.
Section 9.06.
Trustee Protected
 
26
 
 
 
   .  The rights of Holders to payment of the Principal of and interest on the Debentures is subordinated to the rights of holders of Senior Debt, to the extent and in the manner provided in this .
Section 10.01.
Debentures Subordinated to Senior Debt
ARTICLE X
 
    .  Upon any Distribution in any Proceeding,
Section 10.02.
Debentures Subordinated in Any Proceeding
 
           any Distribution to which the Holders are entitled shall be paid directly to the holders of Senior Debt to the extent necessary to make payment in full of all Senior Debt remaining unpaid after giving effect to all other Distributions to or for the benefit of the holders of Senior Debt; and
(a)
 
           in the event that any Distribution is received by the Trustee before all Senior Debt is paid in full, such Distribution shall be applied by the Trustee in accordance with this .
(b)
ARTICLE X
 
   .  The Company shall not, directly or indirectly (other than in capital stock of the Company) pay any Principal of or interest on, redeem, defease or repurchase any of the Debentures (i) after any Senior Debt becomes due and payable, unless and until all such Senior Debt shall first be paid in full or (ii) after a Senior Debt Payment Default, unless and until such Senior Debt Payment Default has been cured, waived, or otherwise has ceased to exist.
Section 10.03.
No Payment on Debentures in Certain Circumstances
 
During a Payment Blockage Period, no payment of any Principal of or interest on the Debentures may be made, directly or indirectly, by the Company.  Unless the Senior Debt in respect of which the Senior Debt Default Notice has been given has been declared due and payable in its entirety within the Payment Blockage Period, at the end of the Payment Blockage Period, the Company shall pay all sums not paid to the Holders during the Payment Blockage Period and resume all other payments on the Debentures as and when due.  Defaulted Interest shall be paid in accordance with .  Any number of Senior Debt Default Notices may be given; provided, however, that as to any issue of Senior Debt (i) not more than one Senior Debt Default Notice shall be given within a period of any consecutive days, and (ii) no specific act, omission or condition that gave rise to a default that existed upon the date of such Senior Debt Default Notice (whether or not such default applies to the same issue of Senior Debt) shall be made the basis for the commencement of any other Payment Blockage Period.
Section 2.13
[366]
 
If any Distribution, payment or deposit to redeem, defease or acquire any of the Debentures shall have been received by the Trustee at a time when such Distribution was prohibited by the provisions of this , then, unless such Distribution is no longer prohibited by this , such Distribution shall be received and applied by the Trustee for the benefit of the holders of Senior Debt, and shall be paid or delivered by the Trustee to the holders of Senior Debt for application to the payment of all Senior Debt.
Section 10.03
Section 10.03
 
27
 
   .  The Holders shall not have any subrogation or other rights of recourse to any security in respect of any Senior Debt until such time as all Senior Debt shall have been paid in full.  Upon the payment in full of all Senior Debt, the Holders shall be subrogated to the rights of the holders of Senior Debt to receive Distributions applicable to Senior Debt until all amounts owing in respect of the Debentures shall be so paid.  No Distributions to the holders of Senior Debt which otherwise would have been made to the Holders shall, as between the Company and the Holders, be deemed to be payment by the Company to or on account of Senior Debt.
Section 10.04.
Subrogation
 
If any Distribution to which the Holders would otherwise have been entitled shall have been applied pursuant to the provisions of this Article to the payment of Senior Debt, then the Holders shall be entitled to receive from the holders of such Senior Debt any Distributions received by such holders of Senior Debt in excess of the amount sufficient to pay all amounts payable on such Senior Debt to the extent provided herein.
 
   .  This Article defines the relative rights of the Holders and holders of Senior Debt.  Nothing in this Indenture is intended to or shall impair, as between the Company and the Holders, the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay to the Holders the Principal of and interest on the Debentures as and when the same shall become due and payable in accordance with their terms, or is intended to or shall affect the relative rights of the Holders and creditors of the Company, other than the holders of Senior Debt, nor shall anything herein or in the Debentures prevent the Trustee or any Holder from exercising all remedies otherwise permitted by applicable law upon default under this Indenture, subject to the rights, if any, under this , of the holders of Senior Debt in respect of any Distribution received upon the exercise of any such remedy.  If the Company fails because of this Article to pay principal of or interest on a Debenture on the due date, the failure is still a Default.  Upon any Distribution, the Trustee and the Holders shall be entitled to rely upon any order or decree made by any court of competent jurisdiction in which the Proceeding is pending, or a certificate of the liquidating trustee or agent or other Person making any Distribution for the purpose of ascertaining the Persons entitled to participate in such Distribution, the holders of Senior Debt and other Debt of the Company, the amount thereof or payable thereon, the amount or amounts paid or distributed thereon and all other facts pertinent thereto or to this .
Section 10.05.
Obligations of the Company Unconditional
ARTICLE X
ARTICLE X
 
   .  The Trustee shall not at any time be charged with knowledge of the existence of any facts which would prohibit the making of any payment to or by the Trustee, unless and until a Trust Officer shall have received, no later than two Business Days prior to such payment, written notice thereof from the Company or from one or more holders of Senior Debt and, prior to the receipt of any such written notice, the Trustee, shall be entitled in all respects conclusively to presume that no such fact exists.  Unless the Trustee shall have received the notice provided for in the preceding sentence, the Trustee shall have full power and authority to receive such payment and to apply the same to the purpose for which it was received, and shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary which may be received by it on or after such date.  The foregoing shall not apply to any Affiliate of the Company acting as Paying Agent.
Section 10.06.
Trustee and Paying Agents Entitled to Assume Payments Not Prohibited in Absence of Notice
 
28
 
 
   .  Amounts deposited in trust with the Trustee pursuant to and in accordance with and not prohibited to be deposited under when deposited shall not be subject to this .
Section 10.07.
Satisfaction and Discharge
ARTICLE VIII
Section 10.03
ARTICLE X
 
   .  No right of any holder of any Senior Debt established in this shall at any time or in any way be prejudiced or impaired by any act or failure to act on the part of the Company or by any act or failure to act, in good faith, by any such holder, or by any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Indenture.
Section 10.08.
Subordination Rights Not Impaired by Acts or Omissions of the Company or Holders of Senior Debt
ARTICLE X
 
   .  The Trustee is entitled to all of the rights set forth in this in respect of any Senior Debt at any time held by it to the same extent as any other holder of Senior Debt.
Section 10.09.
Right to Hold Senior Debt
ARTICLE X
 
   .  Neither the Trustee nor the Holders owes any fiduciary duty to the holders of Senior Debt.  Neither the Trustee nor the Holders shall be liable to any holder of Senior Debt in the event that the Trustee, acting in good faith, shall pay over or distribute to the Holders, the Company, or any other Person, any property to which any holders of Senior Debt are entitled by virtue of this Article or otherwise.  Nothing contained in this shall affect the obligation of any other such Person to hold such payment for the benefit of, and to pay such payment over to, the holders of Senior Debt.
Section 10.10.
No Fiduciary Duty of Trustee or
Debentureholder
s to Holders of Senior Debt
Section 10.10
 
   .  Any Distribution otherwise payable to the holders of the Debentures made to holders of Senior Debt pursuant to this Article shall be made to such holders of Senior Debt ratably according to the respective amount of Senior Debt held by each.
Section 10.11.
Distribution to Holders of Senior Debt
 
   .  The Trustee's rights to compensation, reimbursement of expenses and indemnification under and are not subordinated.
Section 10.12.
Trustee
'
s Rights to Compensation, Reimbursement of Expenses and Indemnification
Section 6.10
Section 7.07
 
   .  The rights of holders of Senior Debt under this Article do not extend (a) to any Distribution to the extent applied to the Trustee's rights to compensation, reimbursement of expenses or indemnification or (b) to (i) securities which are subordinated to the securities distributed to the holders of Senior Debt on terms no less favorable to the holders of Senior Debt than the provisions of this Article, or (ii) Distributions under any plan approved by the court in any Proceeding.
Section 10.13.
Exception for Certain Distributions
 
   .  As used in this ,
Section 10.14.
Certain Definitions
ARTICLE X
 
"" in any Proceeding means any payment or distribution of assets or securities of the Company of any kind or character from any source, whether in cash, securities or other property made by the Company, custodian, liquidating trustee or agent or any other person whether pursuant to a plan or otherwise.
Distribution
 
"" means the period beginning when a Senior Debt Default Notice is given to the Company and the Trustee and ending (a) when the default identified in the Senior Debt Default Notice is cured, waived or otherwise ceases to exist or (b) after 179 days, whichever occurs first.
Payment Blockage Period
 
 
29
 
"" means any notice of a default (other than a Senior Debt Payment Default) that permits the holders of any Senior Debt to declare such Senior Debt due and payable.
Senior Debt Default Notice
 
"" means a default in the payment of any principal of or interest on any Senior Debt.
Senior Debt Payment Default
 
"" for purposes of this includes any Paying Agent.
Trustee
ARTICLE X
 
 
.  Any notice by one party to the other shall be in writing and sent to the other's address stated in .  The notice is duly given if it is delivered in Person or sent by a national courier service which provides next Business Day delivery or by first-class mail.
Section 11.01
  
.
N
otices
Section 11.09
 
A party by notice to the other party may designate additional or different addresses for subsequent notices.
 
Any notice sent to a Debentureholder shall be mailed by first-class letter mailed to its address shown on the register kept by the Registrar.  Failure to mail a notice to a Debentureholder or any defect in a notice mailed to a Debentureholder shall not affect the sufficiency of the notice mailed to other Debentureholders.
 
If a notice is delivered or mailed in the manner provided above within the time prescribed, it is duly given, whether or not the addressee receives it.
 
If the Company mails a notice to Debentureholders, it shall deliver or mail a copy to the Trustee and each Agent at the same time.
 
A "notice" includes any communication required by this Indenture.
 
.  Debentureholders may communicate pursuant to TIA Section 312(b) with other Debentureholders with respect to their rights under this Indenture or the Debentures.  The Company, the Trustee, and Registrar and anyone else shall have the protection of TIA Section 312(c).
Section 11.02
 
.
C
ommunication by Holders with Other Holders
 
.  Upon any request or application by the Company to the Trustee to take any action under this Indenture, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee:
Section 11.03
 
.
C
ertificate and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent
 
           an Officers' Certificate stating that, in the opinion of the signers, all conditions precedent, if any, provided for in this Indenture relating to the proposed action have been complied with; and
(a)
 
30
 
 
           an Opinion of Counsel stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, all such conditions precedent have been complied with.
(b)
 
.  Each certificate or opinion with respect to compliance with a condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture shall include:
Section 11.04
 
.
S
tatements Required in Certificate or Opinion
 
           a statement that each Person making such certificate or opinion has read such covenant or condition;
(a)
 
           a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained in such certificate or opinion are based;
(b)
 
           a statement that, in the opinion of such Person, the Person has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable such Person to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been complied with; and
(c)
 
           a statement as to whether or not, in the opinion of such Person, such condition or covenant has been complied with.
(d)
 
.  The Trustee may make reasonable rules for action by or a meeting of Debentureholders.  Any Agent may make reasonable rules and set reasonable requirements for its functions.
Section 11.05
 
.
R
ules by Trustee and Agents
 
.  A "Legal Holiday" is a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Trustee or banking institutions generally are not required to be open.  If a payment date is a Legal Holiday at a place of payment, payment may be made at that place on the next succeeding day that is not a Legal Holiday, and no interest shall accrue for the intervening period.
Section 11.06
 
.
L
egal Holidays
 
.  A director, officer, employee or stockholder, as such, of the Company shall not have any liability for any obligations of the Company under the Debentures or the Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of or by reason of such obligations or their creation.
Section 11.07
 
.
N
o Recourse Against Others
 
.  The parties may sign any number of copies, and may execute such in counterparts, of this Indenture.  One signed copy is enough to prove this Indenture.
Section 11.08
 
.
D
uplicate Originals
 
.  "" means the President, any Vice-President, the Treasurer, the Secretary, any Assistant Treasurer or any Assistant Secretary of the Company.
Section 11.09
 
.
V
ariable Provisions
Officer
 
The Company initially appoints the Trustee as Registrar and Paying Agent.
 
The first certificate pursuant to shall be for the fiscal year ending on _____________________, 20___.
Section 4.06
 
31
 
 
The reporting date for is May 15 of each year.  The first reporting date is May 15, 2010.
Section 7.06
 
The Trustee shall always have a combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000 as set forth in its most recent published annual report of condition.  The Trustee will be deemed to be in compliance with the capital and surplus requirement set forth in the preceding sentence if its obligations are guaranteed by a Person which could otherwise act as Trustee hereunder and which meets such capital and surplus requirement and the Trustee has at least the minimum capital and surplus required by TIA Section 310(a)(2).
 
The Company's address is:
The Steak N Shake Company
36 S. Pennsylvania Street, Suite 500
Indianapolis, IN 46204
Facsimile No.:  ______________________
[Attention:  ________________________]
The Trustee's address is:
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association
230 West Monroe Street, Suite 2900
Chicago, IL 60606
Facsimile No.:  (
312) 726-2158
Attention:  Corporate Trust
Services
With respect to presentation of the Debentures for payment or registration of transfers or exchanges, the Trustee's address is
608 Second Avenue South, N9303-121, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55479, Attention:
 
Corporate Trust Operations.
 
.  The laws of the State of New York, without reference to choice of law or conflict of law rules, shall govern this Indenture and the Debentures.
Section 11.10
 
.
G
overning Law
 
.  In no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, strikes, work stoppages, accidents, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, and interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services; it being understood that the Trustee shall use reasonable efforts which are consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances.
Section 11.11
 
.
F
orce Majeure
 
The parties hereto acknowledge that in accordance with Section 326 of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (as amended, the ""), the Trustee, like all financial institutions and in order to help fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering, is required to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person or legal entity that establishes a relationship or opens an account with the Trustee.  The parties to this Indenture agree that they will provide the Trustee with such information as it may request in order for the Trustee to satisfy the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act.
Section 11.12
 
.
U
SA PATRIOT Act
.  
USA PATRIOT Act
 
32
 
 
 
Section 11.13
.
W
aiver of Jury Trial.
 
EACH
OF THE COMPANY
AND THE TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE INDENTURE, THE
DEBENTURES
OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.
 
 
33
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first written above.
 
 
 
 
34
 
EXHIBIT A
 
CUSIP  ______________________
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Steak n Shake Company promises to pay to __________________________ or registered assigns, the sum of _________________________ Dollars on [].
fifth anniversary of date of issue
 
This Debenture is subordinated to Senior Debt as defined by the Indenture.  The Steak n Shake Company may, at its option, redeem the Debentures, in whole or in part and without premium or penalty, as of any date that occurs on or after [].  See the reverse and the Indenture referenced for additional provisions of this Debenture.
first anniversary of date of issue
 
A-1
 
 
 
 
           .  The Steak n Shake Company (the ""), an Indiana corporation, promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Debenture at the rate per annum shown above.  The Company will pay interest semiannually on June 30 and December 31 of each year, commencing June 30, 2010.  Interest on the Debentures will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or, if no interest has been paid, from .  Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months.
(1)
Interest
Company
[Date of Issue]
 
           .  The Company will pay interest on the Debentures to the Persons who are registered holders of Debentures at the close of business on the record date for the next interest payment date, except as otherwise provided herein or in the Indenture even though Debentures are cancelled after the record date and on or before the interest payment date.  Holders must surrender Debentures to a Paying Agent to collect principal payments.  The Company will pay Principal and interest in money of the United States that at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts.  However, the Company may pay Principal and interest by wire transfer or check payable in such money.  It may mail an interest check to a record date holder's registered address.
(2)
Method of Payment
 
           .  Initially, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (""), Corporate Trust Services, 230 West Monroe Street, Suite 2900, Chicago, Illinois 60606, will act as Registrar and Paying Agent.  With respect to presentation of the Debentures for payment or registration of transfers or exchanges, the Trustee's address is The Company may change any such Agent without notice.  The Company or an Affiliate may act in any such capacity.  Subject to certain conditions, the Company may change the Trustee.
(3)
Agents
Trustee
608 Second Avenue South, N9303-121, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55479, Attention: Corporate Trust Operations.
 
           .  The Company issued the Debentures under an Indenture dated as of ______________, 20__ ("") between the Company and the Trustee.  The terms of the Debentures include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C.  77aaa-77bbbb) (the "").  The Debentures are subject to all such terms, and Debentureholders are referred to the Indenture and the Act for a statement of such terms.  The Debentures are unsecured subordinated general obligations of the Company limited to $22,959,000 in aggregate principal amount.
(4)
Indenture
Indenture
Act
 
           .  The Debentures are not redeemable by the Company at any time prior to [].  From and after [], the Company may, at its option, redeem Debentures in accordance with Article III of the Indenture in whole or in part without premium or penalty.  The Company's right to redeem Debentures under this may not be exercised if and for so long as the Company has failed to pay interest on any Debenture when the same becomes due and payable.
(5)
Redemption
first anniversary of date of issue
first anniversary of date of issue
Section 5
 
           .  Notice of redemption will be mailed at least 30 days but not more than sixty (60) days before the redemption date to each holder of Debentures to be redeemed at his registered address.
(6)
Notice of Redemption
 
A-2
 
 
           .  The Debentures are subordinated to Senior Debt as defined in the Indenture.  To the extent provided in the Indenture, Senior Debt must be paid before the Debentures may be paid.  The Company agrees, and each Debentureholder by accepting a Debenture agrees, to the subordination and authorizes the Trustee to give it effect.
(7)
Subordination
 
           .  The Debentures are in registered form without coupons in denominations of $1,000 and whole multiples of $1,000.  The transfer of Debentures may be registered and Debentures may be exchanged as provided in the Indenture.  The Registrar may require a holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay any taxes required by law.  The Registrar need not exchange or register the transfer of any Debenture or portion of a Debenture selected for redemption.  Also, it need not exchange or register the transfer of any Debentures for a period of fifteen (15) days before a selection of Debentures to be redeemed.
(8)
Denominations, Transfer, Exchange
 
           .  Subject to Section 6.12 of the Indenture, the registered holder of a Debenture may be treated as its owner for all purposes.
(9)
Persons Deemed Owners
 
         .  Subject to certain exceptions, the Indenture or the Debentures may be amended, and any Default may be waived, with the consent of the holders of a majority in Principal amount of the Debentures.  Without the consent of any Debentureholder, the Indenture or the Debentures may be amended to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency, to provide for assumption of Company obligations to Debentureholders or to make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Debentureholder.
(10)
Amendments and Waivers
 
         .  When successors assume all the obligations of the Company under the Debentures and the Indenture, the Company will be released from those obligations, except as provided in the Indenture.
(11)
Successors
 
         .  Subject to certain conditions, the Company at any time may terminate some or all of its obligations under the Debentures and the Indenture if the Company deposits with the Trustee money or U.S. Government Obligations for the payment of Principal and interest on the Debentures to redemption or maturity.
(12)
Satisfaction and Discharge Prior to Redemption or Maturity
 
         .  Subject to the Indenture, if an Event of Default, as defined in the Indenture, occurs and is continuing, the Trustee or the holders of at least 25% in Principal amount of the Debentures may declare all the Debentures to be due and payable immediately.  Debentureholders may not enforce the Indenture or the Debentures except as provided in the Indenture.  The Trustee may require indemnity satisfactory to it before it enforces the Indenture or the Debentures.  Subject to certain limitations, holders of a majority in Principal amount of the Debentures may direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power.  The Trustee may withhold from Debentureholders notice of any continuing Default (except a Default in payment of Principal or interest) if it determines that withholding notice is in their interests.  The Company must furnish an annual compliance certificate to the Trustee.
(13)
Defaults and Remedies
 
A-3
 
         .  The Trustee under the Indenture, in its individual or any other capacity, may make loans to, accept deposits from, and perform services for the Company or its Affiliates, and may otherwise deal with the Company, or its Affiliates, as if it were not Trustee, subject to the Indenture and the Act.
(14)
Trustee Dealings with Company
 
         .  A director, officer, employee or stockholder, as such, of the Company shall not have any liability for any obligations of the Company under the Debentures or the Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of or by reason of such obligations or their creation.  Each Debentureholder by accepting a Debenture waives and releases all such liability.  The waiver and release are part of the consideration for the issue of the Debentures.
(15)
No Recourse Against Others
 
         .  This Debenture shall not be valid until authenticated by a manual signature of the Trustee.
(16)
Authentication
 
         .  Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Debentureholder or an assignee, such as:  TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (Custodian), and U/G A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).
(17)
Abbreviations
 
The Company will furnish to any Debentureholder upon written request and without charge a copy of the Indenture.  Requests may be made to:  Secretary, The Steak N Shake Company, 36 S. Pennsylvania Street, Century Bldg. 500, Indianapolis, Indiana 46236.
 
A-4
 
To assign this Debenture, fill in the form below:
(I) or (we) assign and transfer this Debenture to: ____________________________________________________________
()
Insert assignee's legal name
()
Insert assignee's soc. sec. or tax I.D. no.
 
 
 
()
Print or type assignee's name, address and zip code
and irrevocably appoint ____________________________________________________________
to transfer this Debenture on the books of the Company.  The agent may substitute another to act for him.
Date: ________________                                           
Your Signature: __________________________________________
()
Sign exactly as your name appears on the face of this Debenture
 
 
Signature Guarantee*: _______________________________________
*           Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program (or other signature
guarantor acceptable to the Trustee).
 
A-5
 
 
 
The following exchanges of a part of this Global Debenture for an interest in another Global Debenture, or exchanges of a part of another Global Debenture or definitive Debenture for an interest in this Global Debenture, have been made:
 
 
 
 
 
The name of the corporation is Western Sizzlin Corporation (the "").
Corporation
 
 
         .The registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is located at 2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, Delaware 19808, County of New Castle.
Section 2.01.
Registered Office
 
 
         .  The name of its registered agent at that address is Corporation Service Company.
Section 2.02.
Registered Agent
 
 
The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of the State of Delaware (the "").  The Corporation shall have all powers necessary or convenient to the conduct, promotion or attainment of such acts and activities.
DGCL
 
 
The Corporation is to have perpetual existence.
 
 
         .  The Corporation is authorized to issue one (1) class of stock to be designated "".  The total number of shares of Common Stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is one hundred (100) shares of Common Stock.  The shares of Common Stock shall have no par value.  The powers, preferences and rights and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof shall be determined by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the "").
Section 5.01.
Classes of Stock
Common Stock
Board of Directors
 
         .  Shares of Common Stock may be issued for any consideration consistent with the DGCL, including tangible or intangible property or benefit to the Corporation, at such price and amount per share as may be determined by the Board of Directors.
Section 5.02.
Consideration
 
 
 
 
The Common Stock shall have all of the rights accorded to shares under the DGCL, including, but not limited to, voting rights and all rights to distribution of the net assets of the Corporation upon dissolution.
 
 
In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board of Directors is expressly authorized to make, repeal, alter, amend and rescind any or all of the Bylaws of the Corporation.
 
 
         .The number of directors of the Corporation shall be determined in the manner set forth in the Bylaws of the Corporation.
Section 8.01.
Number
 
 
         . Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws of the Corporation shall so provide.
Section 8.02.
Elections
 
 
         .
Section 8.03.
Exculpation of Directors
 
           To the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, a director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director.  If the DGCL or any law of the State of Delaware is amended after the effectiveness of the Certificate of Incorporation to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware law as so amended.
(a)
 
           Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this by the stockholders of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation existing at the time of, or increase the liability of any director of the Corporation with respect to any acts or omissions of such director occurring prior to, such repeal or modification.
(b)
Section 8.03
 
 
           The Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as the same may be amended and supplemented, indemnify any and all persons whom it shall have power to indemnify under the DGCL from and against any and all of the expenses, including without limitation reasonable costs, disbursements and legal counsel fees and expert witness fees, liabilities, including without limitation amounts paid or incurred in satisfaction of settlements, judgments fines and penalties, or other matters referred to in or covered by the DGCL, and the indemnification provided for herein shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which any person may be entitled under the Bylaws or any resolution of stockholders, resolution of directors, agreement, or otherwise, as permitted by the DGCL, both as to action in such persons official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office, and shall survive the termination of such persons service in such capacities and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such person.
(a)
 
           The rights of any person to indemnification provided by, or granted pursuant to, this are express contractual rights between the Corporation and such person that vest by virtue of any such persons service at the time when the state of facts occurred giving rise to an action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, fiduciary or agent of the Corporation or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, fiduciary or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, or was the legal representative of any such director, officer, fiduciary or agent, which may be enforced by any such person in a court of competent jurisdiction.  Any repeal or modification of the provisions of this shall not adversely affect any vested right or protection hereunder of any person in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such repeal or modification without the prior written consent of such person.
(b)
Article IX
Article IX
 
           The rights of any person to indemnification provided by, or granted pursuant to, this shall be effective as of the date of the adoption of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation and shall apply to such persons acts or omissions that occurred prior to such date if such person was a director, officer, fiduciary or agent of the Corporation or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, fiduciary or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, or was the legal representative of any such director, officer, fiduciary or agent at the time such act or omission occurred.
(c)
Article IX
 
 
The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights conferred upon stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation.
 
 
The Lion Fund, L.P.
Dash Acquisitions, LLC
 
This VOTING AGREEMENT ("") is made and entered into as of October _____, 2009, by and among The Steak n Shake Company, an Indiana corporation (""), and the undersigned securityholder (the "") of Western Sizzlin Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the ""). All capitalized terms herein not otherwise defined shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Merger Agreement (as defined below).
Agreement
SNS
Securityholder
Company
 
 
, pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated of even date herewith (the ""), by and among SNS, Grill Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation (""), and the Company, Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company such that the Company will continue as the surviving corporation and become a wholly-owned subsidiary of SNS, as more fully described in the Merger Agreement (the "");
WHEREAS
Merger Agreement
Merger Sub
Transaction
 
, the Securityholder is the beneficial owner of, or exercises control and direction over, the number of issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company as set forth on the signature page hereof (the ""); and
WHEREAS
Shares
 
, as a material inducement for SNS to enter into the Merger Agreement, the Securityholder is willing to (i) in accordance with the terms hereof, not transfer or otherwise dispose of any of such Securityholder's Shares or New Shares (as defined below), or any and all other shares or securities of the Company issued, issuable, exchanged or exchangeable, in respect of any Shares or New Shares (the ""), and (ii) vote such Securityholder's Securities as set forth herein;
WHEREAS
Securities
 
, in contemplation of the foregoing and in consideration of the mutual agreements, covenants, representations and warranties contained herein and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows:
NOW, THEREFORE
 
1.           .
Agreement to Retain Shares
 
1.1.           . The Securityholder agrees that it will not take or permit any action to, directly or indirectly, (i) transfer, sell, assign, give, pledge, exchange, or otherwise dispose of or encumber the Securities (except as may be specifically required by court order, in which case the Securityholder shall give SNS prior written notice and any such transferee shall agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement) prior to the Expiration Date (as defined below), or to make any offer or agreement relating thereto, at any time prior to the Expiration Date; (ii) deposit any of the Securities into a voting trust or enter into a voting agreement or arrangement with respect to such Securities or grant any proxy or power of attorney with respect thereto, in each case, in a manner that conflicts or may conflict with the Securityholder's obligations hereunder; or (iii) enter into any contract, option or other arrangement or undertaking with respect to the direct or indirect sale, assignment, transfer, exchange or other disposition of or transfer of any interest in or the voting of any of the Securities, in each case, in a manner that conflicts or may conflict with the Securityholder's obligations hereunder.  As used herein, the term "" shall mean the earlier to occur of (i) the Termination Date (as such term is defined in the Merger Agreement), and (ii) the date on which the Merger Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms (including any extensions to the Merger Agreement, as provided for therein).
Transfer and Encumbrance
Expiration Date
 
 
 
 
1.2.           . The Securityholder agrees that any shares of the capital stock or securities of the Company that the Securityholder purchases or with respect to which the Securityholder otherwise acquires beneficial ownership after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Expiration Date (the ""), and any and all other shares or securities of the Company issued, issuable, exchanged or exchangeable in respect of any New Shares, shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement to the same extent as if they constituted Shares.
New Shares
New Shares
 
2.           . Prior to the Expiration Date, at every meeting of the stockholders of the Company called with respect to any of the following, and at every adjournment thereof, and on every action or approval by written consent of the stockholders of the Company with respect to any of the following, the Securityholder agrees to vote the Securities, and, to the full extent legally permitted, cause holders of record of the Securities to vote (and to provide evidence thereof within ten (10) days prior to the meeting): (i) in favor of approval of the Transaction, the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby and any matter that could reasonably be expected to facilitate the Transaction; (ii) in favor of any alternative structure as may be agreed upon by SNS and the Company to effect the Transaction; provided that such alternative structure is on terms in the aggregate no less favorable to the Securityholder than the terms of the Transaction set forth in the Merger Agreement (including, without limitation, with respect to the consideration to be received by the Securityholder); and (iii) against the consummation of any Superior Proposal or any action, proposal, agreement or transaction (other than the Transaction, the Merger Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby) that in any such case would result in a breach of any covenant, representation or warranty or any other obligation or agreement of the Company under the Merger Agreement, which could reasonably result in any of the conditions to the Company's obligations under the Merger Agreement not being fulfilled or which would be inconsistent with the Transaction or any other transaction contemplated by the Merger Agreement. Prior to the Expiration Date, the Securityholder will not enter into any agreement or understanding with any Person to vote or give instructions in any manner inconsistent with this . In addition, prior to the Expiration Date, the Securityholder agrees not to enter into any agreement, discussions or negotiations with any Person other than SNS or any of its affiliates with respect to an Acquisition Proposal or a potential Acquisition Proposal. This Agreement is intended to bind the Securityholder as a stockholder of the Company only with respect to the specific matters set forth herein.
Agreement to Vote
Section 
2
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall limit or restrict the Securityholder from voting in his, her or its sole discretion on any matter other than those matters referred to in this Agreement.
 
- 2 - -
 
 
3.           . Prior to the Expiration Date, the Securityholder agrees not to take, or cause to be taken, any action in its capacity as a stockholder of the Company that would prevent the consummation of the Transaction and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. Prior to the Expiration Date, the Securityholder agrees to take, or cause to be taken in its capacity as a stockholder of the Company, all actions necessary to effect the Transaction and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement.
No Opposition
 
4.           . The Securityholder hereby represents and warrants to, and covenants with, SNS that:
Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Securityholder
 
4.1.           . The Securityholder has good and marketable title to, and is the sole legal and beneficial owner of the Shares, in each case free and clear of all Liens. As of the date hereof, the Securityholder does not beneficially own any shares or securities of the capital stock of the Company other than such Securityholder's Shares or shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding options awarded under the Company's stock incentive plans.
Ownership
 
4.2.           . The Securityholder has all requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and has sole voting power and sole power of disposition, with respect to all of the Shares with no restrictions on its voting rights or rights of disposition pertaining thereto. The Securityholder has duly executed and delivered this Agreement and, assuming its due authorization, execution and delivery by SNS, this Agreement is a legal, valid and binding agreement of the Securityholder, enforceable against the Securityholder in accordance with its terms.
Authorization; Binding Agreement
 
4.3.           . Neither the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will (i) require the Securityholder to file or register with, or obtain any material permit, authorization, consent or approval of, any Governmental Authority; (ii) violate, or cause a breach of or default (or an event which with notice or the lapse of time or both would become a default) under, any contract, agreement or understanding, any Law or any arbitration award binding upon the Securityholder; or (iii) cause the acceleration of any obligation under or give to others any right of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the creation of a Lien on any property or asset of the Securityholder pursuant to any provision of any indenture, mortgage, lien, lease, agreement, contract, instrument, order, judgment, ordinance, regulation or decree to which the Securityholder is subject or by which the Securityholder or any of the Securityholder's properties or assets are bound. No proceedings are pending which, if adversely determined, will have a material adverse effect on any ability to vote or dispose of any of the Shares. The Securityholder has not previously assigned or sold any of the Shares to any third party.
No Violation
 
4.4.           . The Securityholder agrees that, so long as the Securityholder is required to vote the Securities in favor of the Transaction, the Securityholder shall, at SNS's or the Company's cost, cooperate with all reasonable requests by SNS in obtaining all governmental and regulatory approvals required to permit SNS to complete the Transaction as contemplated in the Merger Agreement.
Regulatory Approvals
 
- 3 - -
 
 
4.5.           . The Securityholder agrees not to make any public disclosure or announcement of or pertaining to this Agreement, the Transaction, the Merger Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby nor to disclose that any discussions or negotiations are taking place in connection therewith without the prior written consent of SNS, except as required by Law or stock exchange rule.
Public Disclosure
 
5.           . The Securityholder hereby covenants and agrees to execute and deliver, or cause to be executed or delivered, such proxies, consents, waivers and other instruments, and undertake any and all further action, necessary or desirable, in the reasonable opinion of SNS, to carry out the purpose and intent of this Agreement and to consummate the Transaction, the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby.
Further Assurances
 
6.           . This Agreement shall terminate and shall have no further force or effect as of the Expiration Date; , , that nothing herein shall relieve any party from liability hereof for breaches of this Agreement prior to the Expiration Date.
Termination
provided
however
 
7.           .
Miscellaneous
 
7.1.           . If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, then the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated. The terms and provisions of this Agreement shall not be construed against the drafter or drafters hereof. All parties hereto agree that the language of this Agreement shall be construed as a whole according to its fair meaning and not strictly for or against any of the parties hereto.
Severability
 
7.2.           . This Agreement and all of the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns, but, except as otherwise specifically provided herein, neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations of the parties hereto may be assigned by either of the parties without the prior written consent of the other; , , that SNS may freely assign its rights to a direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of SNS without such prior written approval but no such assignment shall relieve SNS of any of its obligations hereunder. Any purported assignment without such consent shall be void.
Binding Effect and Assignment
provided
however
 
7.3.           . This Agreement may not be modified, amended, altered or supplemented except by the execution and delivery of a written agreement executed by the parties hereto.
Amendment and Modification
 
7.4.           . The parties hereto acknowledge that SNS will be irreparably harmed and that there will be no adequate remedy at law for a violation of any of the covenants or agreements of the Securityholder set forth herein. Therefore, it is agreed that, in addition to any other remedies that may be available to SNS upon such violation, SNS shall have the right to enforce such covenants and agreements by specific performance, injunctive relief or by any other means available to SNS at law or in equity.
Specific Performance; Injunctive Relief
 
- 4 - -
 
 
7.5.           . All notices that are required or may be given pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be sufficient in all respects if given in writing and delivered by hand, national or international overnight courier service, transmitted by telecopy or mailed by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid (effective when delivered by hand or telecopy, one (1) day after dispatch by overnight courier, and three (3) business days after dispatch by mail), as follows:
Notices
 
(a)           if to SNS, to:
 
 William J. Regan, Jr.
 Chair, Special Committee of the Board of Directors
 of The Steak n Shake Company
 8624 Fairway Green Drive
 Fair Oaks Ranch, TX 78015
 Facsimile No.:   (830) 755-4368
 with a copy to:
 
 Ice Miller LLP
 One American Square, Suite 2900
 Indianapolis, IN 46282-0200
 Attention: Mark Barnes
 Facsimile No.:   (317) 592-4868
 and/or
 Anthony Aaron
 Facsimile No.:   (317) 592-4659
 
(b)           if to the Securityholder, to the address set forth beneath such Securityholder's signature below.
 
7.6.         . This Agreement shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision, rule or principle (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware.
Governing Law
 
7.7.         . This Agreement contains the entire understanding of SNS and Securityholder in respect of the subject matter hereof, and supersede all prior negotiations and understandings between the parties with respect to such subject matters.
Entire Agreement
 
- 5 - -
 
 
7.8.           . This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement.
Counterparts
 
7.9.           . The section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.
Effect of Headings
 
7.10.         . The parties to this Agreement agree that any suit, action or proceeding arising out of, or with respect to, this Agreement, or any judgment entered by any court in respect thereof shall be brought in the courts of Indiana or the applicable U.S. District Court in Indiana as the commencing party may elect, and the Securityholder hereby accepts the exclusive jurisdiction of those courts for the purpose of any suit, action or proceeding. In addition, the Securityholder hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection which the Securityholder may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any judgment entered by any court in respect thereof brought in Indiana or the applicable U.S. District Court in Indiana, as selected by the commencing party, and hereby further irrevocably waives any claim that any suit, action or proceedings brought Indiana or in such District Court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.
Jurisdiction
 
7.11.         . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event the Securityholder, or a representative of the Securityholder, is an officer or director of the Company, nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to require the Securityholder, or its representative, as the case may be, in such individual's capacity as an officer or director of the Company, to act or fail to act in accordance with such individual's fiduciary duties in such capacity.
No Limitation on Actions of the Securityholder as Director
 
7.12.         . All rights, powers and remedies provided under this Agreement or otherwise available in respect hereof at law or in equity will be cumulative and not alternative, and the exercise of any thereof by either party will not preclude the simultaneous or later exercise of any other such right, power or remedy by such party.
Remedies Not Exclusive
 
7.13.         . EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY PROXY OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY.
Waiver of Jury Trial
 
7.14.         . The Securityholder hereby authorizes SNS to publish or disclose in any SNS reports required to be filed under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act, including, without limitation, any report on Form 8-K or any Schedule 13D, if applicable, and any other applicable Laws, its identity and the nature of its commitments, arrangements and understandings under this Agreement.
Disclosure
 
 
- 6 - -
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Voting Agreement to be duly executed on the day and year first above written.
 
   Shares beneficially owned:
 
                 _______ shares of Common Stock
 
[SIGNATURE PAGE TO VOTING AGREEMENT]
 
 
- 7 - -
 
 
 
 
The Steak n Shake Company
36 S. Pennsylvania Street
Suite 500
Indianapolis, Indiana 46204
Ladies and Gentlemen:
 
We have acted as special counsel to the Special Committee of the Board of Directors of Western Sizzlin Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the ), in connection with that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated October ___, 2009 (the ), by and among the Company, The Steak n Shake Company, an Indiana corporation (), and Grill Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (), whereby Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company such that the Company would continue as the surviving corporation and become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (the ).
Company
Merger Agreement
Parent
Merger Sub
Merger
 
This opinion is being delivered to you at the request of the Company pursuant to of the Merger Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in the Merger Agreement.
Section 7.02(i)
 
Except as described in this letter, we are not generally familiar with the Companys business, records, transactions or activities. Our knowledge of the Companys business, records, transactions and activities is limited to the information that is set forth below and that otherwise has been brought to our attention by certificates executed and delivered to us by an officer of the Company in connection with this opinion letter.
 
In rendering the opinions expressed below, we have examined and relied on originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of the following documents:
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Steak n Shake Company
____________, 2009
Page 2
 
 
 
 
In addition, we have examined and relied on originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of such records of the Company, and such agreements, certificates and statements of public officials, certificates of officers or other representatives of the Company and such other documents, certificates and records as we have deemed necessary or appropriate as a basis for the opinions set forth herein.  We have made such examination of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware as we have deemed relevant for purposes of the opinions expressed below.
 
We have assumed the following for purposes of rendering the opinions set forth herein, without any verification by us:
 
           The genuineness of all signatures, the legal capacity of all natural persons to execute and deliver documents, the authenticity and completeness of documents submitted to us as originals and the completeness and conformity with authentic original documents of all documents submitted to us as copies, and that all documents, books and records made available to us by the Company are accurate and complete.
(i)
 
          The Board Authorizations are accurate and have not been amended or rescinded.
(ii)
 
         The members of the Board of Directors of the Company who approved the resolutions adopted relating to matters covered by this opinion constitute all of the members of the Board of Directors of the Company, have been duly elected by the stockholders of the Company, and are qualified in all respects to serve as members of the Board of Directors of the Company.
(iii)
 
         The execution, delivery and performance of the Merger Agreement by the Company does not and will not contravene, conflict with, violate or result in a breach of, or constitute a default under (i) any law, statute or ordinance of any jurisdiction (other than the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware), (ii) any approval, consent, license, order, writ, judgment, injunction or degree of any court, arbitrator, administrative agency or other governmental authority, or (iii) any indenture, trust agreement, mortgage, deed of trust, agreement or lease, ground lease or other instrument applicable to the Company or by which the Company or any of its property or assets is bound.
(iv)
 
 
 
 
The Steak n Shake Company
____________, 2009
Page 3
         To the extent that any licenses, franchises, leases, plans, specifications, operating agreements, service contracts, contract rights or other general intangibles require by their terms the consent of another party in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, such consents have been obtained.
(v)
 
        With respect to certain matters of fact, that the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in the Merger Agreement, the certificates of certain officers of the Company delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and the certificates of certain officers of the Company referred to in clause (e) above are true and correct.  We have made no independent examination of the factual matters expressed in such representations and warranties or set forth in such certificates and we have assumed that no changes to the facts therein certified have occurred or will occur after the date of such representations, warranties and certificates.
(vi)
 
On the basis of the foregoing and in reliance thereon and subject to the assumptions, exceptions, qualifications and limitations set forth herein, we advise you that in our opinion:
 
1.           The Company (a) is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and (b) has the corporate power and authority to own and operate its properties and carry on its business as now conducted, to execute and deliver the Merger Agreement and to perform its obligations under the Merger Agreement.
 
2.           The Merger Agreement has been duly authorized by the requisite corporate action on the part of the Company, duly executed by an authorized officer of the Company and delivered by the Company.
 
3.           The execution and delivery of the Merger Agreements by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated thereby in accordance with the terms thereof do not and will not (a) conflict with or breach the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws or (b) conflict with or violate any provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, the violation of which would have a material adverse effect on the property or financial condition of the Company.
 
The opinions set forth above are subject to the following exceptions, qualifications, limitations, comments and additional assumptions:
 
 
 
 
 
The Steak n Shake Company
____________, 2009
Page 4
 
 
 
 
The opinions expressed in this letter are rendered solely for your benefit in connection with the transactions described in the Merger Agreement.  This opinion may not be used or relied upon by any other person, nor may this letter or any copies thereof be furnished to a third party, filed with a governmental agency, or quoted, cited or otherwise referred to without our prior written consent.  This opinion does not constitute such prior written consent.
 
Very truly yours,
 
OLSHAN GRUNDMAN FROME ROSENZWEIG & WOLOSKY LLP
 
 
 
 
__________, 2009
 
Western Sizzlin Corporation
416 South Jefferson Street
Suite 600
Roanoke, Virginia 24011
Ladies and Gentlemen:
We have acted as special counsel to the Special Committee of the Board of Directors of The Steak n Shake Company, an Indiana corporation (""), and Grill Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent ("," and collectively with Parent, the ""), in connection with that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated October ___, 2009, by and among Western Sizzlin Corporation, a Delaware corporation (""), Parent and Merger Sub (the ""), whereby Merger Sub will merge with and into Western Sizzlin such that Western Sizzlin would continue as the surviving corporation and become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (the "").  This opinion is being delivered to you at the request of the Companies pursuant to of the Merger Agreement.  Capitalized terms used in this opinion letter that are not specifically defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Merger Agreement.
Parent
Merger Sub
Companies
Western Sizzlin
Merger Agreement
Merger
Section 7.03(d)
 
Except as described in this letter, we are not generally familiar with the Companies' business, records, transactions or activities. Our knowledge of their respective businesses, records, transactions and activities is limited to the information that is set forth below and on and and that otherwise has been brought to our attention by certificates executed and delivered to us by an officer of each of the Companies in connection with this opinion letter.
Exhibits A
B
 
In connection with this opinion letter, we have examined copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of the documents listed on the attached (collectively, the ""), which is made a part hereof.  We also have examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise authenticated to our satisfaction, of the documents listed on the attached (collectively, the ""), which is made a part hereof.
Exhibit A
Transaction Documents
Exhibit B
Authorization Documents
 
In rendering this opinion letter, we have also examined such certificates of public officials, organizational documents and records and other certificates and instruments as we have deemed necessary for the purposes of the opinion herein expressed and, with your permission, have relied upon and assumed the accuracy of such certificates, documents, records and instruments.  We have made such examination of the laws of the State of Indiana and the Delaware General Corporation Law as we deemed relevant for purposes of this opinion, but we have not made a review of, and express no opinion concerning, the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Indiana and the Delaware General Corporation Law (in each case, exclusive of court decisions and regulations interpreting the same), as in effect on the date hereof.
 
 
 
 
Western Sizzlin Corporation
___________, 2009
Page 2 of 6
 
We have relied upon and assumed the truth and accuracy of the representations, certifications and warranties made in the Transaction Documents and the Authorization Documents, and have not made any independent investigation or verification of any factual matters stated or represented therein.  Whenever our opinion or confirmation herein with respect to the existence or absence of facts is indicated to be based upon our knowledge or belief, it is intended to signify that, during the course of our representation of the Companies in connection with the Merger, no information has come to the attention of Tony Aaron, Mark Barnes, Tim Capen and Devin Schaffer which would give us actual knowledge of the existence or absence of such facts.  Except to the extent expressly set forth herein, we have not undertaken any independent investigation to determine the existence or absence of such facts or circumstances or the assumed facts set forth herein, we accept no responsibility to make any such investigation, and no inference as to our knowledge of the existence or absence of such facts or circumstances or of our having made any independent review thereof should be drawn from our representation of the Companies in connection with the Merger.  Our representation of the Companies is limited to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and other matters specifically referred to us by the Companies.
 
In rendering this opinion letter to you, we have assumed with your permission:
 
(a)           The genuineness of all signatures, the legal capacity and competency of natural persons executing the Transaction Documents, whether on behalf of themselves or other persons or entities, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us as certified, conformed or photostatic copies, and the authenticity of the originals of such copies.
 
(b)           The Authorization Documents are accurate and have not been amended or rescinded.
 
(c)           The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by each of the Companies do not and will not contravene, conflict with, violate or result in a breach of, or constitute a default under (i) any law, statute or ordinance of any jurisdiction (other than the State of Indiana or the Delaware General Corporation Law), (ii) any approval, consent, license, order, writ, judgment, injunction or degree of any court, arbitrator, administrative agency or other governmental authority, or (iii) any indenture, trust agreement, mortgage, deed of trust, agreement or lease, ground lease or other instrument applicable to such Company or by which such Company or any of its property or assets is bound.
 
 
 
 
 
Western Sizzlin Corporation
___________, 2009
Page 3 of 6
 
(d)           To the extent that any licenses, franchises, leases, plans, specifications, operating agreements, service contracts, contract rights or other general intangibles require by their terms the consent of another party in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, such consents have been obtained.
 
(e)           All official public records (including their proper indexing and filing) furnished to or obtained by us, electronically or otherwise, were accurate, complete and authentic when delivered or issued and remain accurate, complete and authentic as of the date of this opinion letter.
 
(f)           The respective factual representations, statements and warranties of the Companies in the Transaction Documents and the Authorization Documents, and in the other documents that we have reviewed, and upon which we have relied, are accurate, complete and truthful.
 
(g)           We have not examined and render no opinion regarding any transaction document incorporated by reference into any of the Transaction Documents (other than as set forth above), and we have assumed, with your permission, that any such document so incorporated does not affect the opinions hereby given.
(h)           The members of the board of directors of Parent who approved the Parent Resolutions constitute all of the members of the board of directors of Parent, have been duly elected by the shareholders of Parent, and are qualified in all respects to serve as members of the board of directors of Parent.
(i)           The members of the board of directors of Merger Sub who approved the Merger Sub Resolutions constitute all of the members of the board of directors of Merger Sub, have been duly elected by the stockholders of Merger Sub, and are qualified in all respects to serve as members of the board of directors of Merger Sub.
Based on the foregoing and upon such investigation as we have deemed necessary, and subject to the assumptions, qualifications, exceptions and limitations set forth herein, we are of the opinion that:
 
1.            Parent is a corporation incorporated and, based solely on the Parent Certificate of Existence, validly existing under the law of the State of Indiana, for which the most recent required biennial report has been filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Indiana (the "") and no Articles of Dissolution appear as filed in the Indiana Secretary of State's records.
Indiana Secretary of State
2.            Merger Sub is a corporation duly incorporated, and based solely on the Merger Sub Certificate of Good Standing, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.
 
 
 
 
Western Sizzlin Corporation
___________, 2009
Page 4 of 6
 
3.           Parent has all requisite corporate power and corporate authority under Indiana law to own and operate its properties and carry on its business as now conducted, to enter into and deliver the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party.
4.           Merger Sub has all requisite corporate power and corporate authority under the Delaware General Corporation Law to own and operate its properties and carry on its business as now conducted, to enter into and deliver the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party.
5.           The execution and delivery by Parent of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the performance by Parent of its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party have been duly authorized by all requisite corporate action on the part of Parent.
6.           The execution and delivery by Merger Sub of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the performance by Merger Sub of its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party have been duly authorized by all requisite corporate action on the part of Merger Sub.
7.           The Transaction Documents to which Parent is a party have been duly executed by an authorized officer of Parent and delivered by Parent.
8.           The Transaction Documents to which Merger Sub is a party have been duly executed by an authorized officer of Merger Sub and delivered by Merger Sub.
9.           The execution and delivery by Parent of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party do not, and the performance by Parent of its obligations thereunder will not conflict with or violate any provision of the Parent Articles of Incorporation or Parent Bylaws.
10.         The execution and delivery by Merger Sub of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party do not, and the performance by Merger of its obligations thereunder will not conflict with or violate any provision of the Merger Sub Certificate of Incorporation or Merger Sub Bylaws.
11.          The execution and delivery by each of the Companies of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party do not, and the performance by such Company of its obligations thereunder will not, conflict with or violate any law, rule or regulation of the State of Indiana or the Delaware General Corporation Law, as applicable, the violation of which would have a material adverse effect on the property or financial condition of such Company.  The opinion expressed herein is limited to those statutes, rules and regulations that a lawyer exercising customary professional diligence would reasonably recognize as being applicable to such Company and the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.
 
 
 
 
Western Sizzlin Corporation
___________, 2009
Page 5 of 6
 
Each of the opinions set forth above is limited by its terms and subject to the assumptions hereinabove stated and is further subject to the following qualifications, exceptions and limitations, none of which shall limit the generality of any other assumption, qualification, exception or limitation.
A.          We express no opinion and make no statements concerning or with respect to any statutes, ordinances, administrative decisions, rules, and regulations of counties, towns, municipalities and special political subdivisions.
 
B.           We have not considered and do not express an opinion herein with respect to any Federal or state securities, tax or antitrust laws and regulations.  Our opinions set forth in this letter are expressly subject to the effect of the application of all Federal and state securities, tax and antitrust laws and regulations.
 
C.           We express no opinion as to the applicability to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents of Section 548 of the United States Bankruptcy Code or Ind. Code 32-18-2 relating to fraudulent transfers or obligations, and the opinions expressed herein are limited by and subject to the application of these statutes.
 
D.           In rendering the opinions expressed above, we have not undertaken any investigation of the business, property or affairs of either of the Companies or any other party to the Transaction Documents.  We have not considered and do not express an opinion with respect to the performance by each of the Companies of its covenants and agreements in the Transaction Documents to operate their business in any specified manner.
 
E.           We have made no search of the public records to determine the existence of any legal proceedings involving either of the Companies.
 
F.           We express no opinion as to whether the execution, delivery or performance by Parent of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents will constitute a violation of, or a default under, any covenant, restriction or provision with respect to financial ratios or tests or any aspect of the financial condition or results of operations of Parent.
 
The opinions expressed herein are matters of professional judgment, are not a guarantee of result and are effective only as of the date hereof.  We do not undertake to advise you of any matter within the scope of this letter that comes to our attention after the date of this letter and disclaim any responsibility to advise you of any future changes in law or fact that may affect the opinions set forth herein.  We express no opinion other than as hereinbefore expressly set forth.  No expansion of the opinions expressed herein may or should be made by implication or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
Western Sizzlin Corporation
___________, 2009
Page 6 of 6
 
We are informed that you are relying on this opinion letter in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.  The foregoing opinion shall not be relied upon for any other purpose or by any party other than Western Sizzlin or its successors and/or assigns.  The use or reliance upon this opinion letter by any other person or entity without our prior written consent is strictly prohibited.
 
Very truly yours,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EXHIBIT B
 

INDIANAPOLIS and ROANOKE, Va., Oct. 22 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/  The Steak n Shake Company ("SNS") (NYSE: SNS), and Western Sizzlin Corporation ("Western") (Nasdaq: WEST), today jointly announced that they had executed an agreement for a wholly-owned subsidiary of Steak n Shake to merge with and into Western. Western has also declared a special dividend payable to Western stockholders in the form of 1,322,806 shares of Steak n Shake common stock presently beneficially owned by an investment subsidiary of Western.  Together, the dividend and (if and when completed) the merger are estimated to have an aggregate transaction value (in principal amount of Steak n Shake debentures and market value of Steak n Shake stock) to Western's stockholders of approximately $38.8 million, or $13.67 per Western share, based on 2,840,384 shares of Western outstanding as of October 22, 2009 and the closing price of Steak n Shake common stock on October 22, 2009.  The market price of Steak n Shake's common stock will fluctuate before the special dividend payable to Western stockholders is distributed.
(Logo: )
http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20000606/STEAKLOGO
The merger agreement currently provides for Steak n Shake to issue and deliver to Western stockholders subordinated debentures of Steak n Shake with a principal amount of $22,959,000, subject to adjustment as provided in the merger agreement and discussed below.  At the effective time of the merger, each share of Western's common stock would be converted into the right to receive debentures in principal amount equal to approximately $8.08 per share.  The aggregate and per share amounts of debentures to be issued to Western stockholders are subject to reduction on account of certain potential tax contingencies that could arise in connection with the Western special dividend that will be resolved as of the date of distribution of that dividend.  The Steak n Shake debentures will have a term of five years from the effective date of the merger, will bear interest at the rate of 14 percent per annum and will be pre-payable without penalty at the option of Steak n Shake after one year from the date of issuance.
The merger agreement was negotiated between special committees of the boards of directors of both companies, both of which were composed entirely of independent directors.  Closing of the merger transaction is subject to satisfaction (or waiver) by the parties of certain conditions, including approval by Western's stockholders.  The dividend is not conditioned upon the completion of the merger and is payable to stockholders of record as of November 2, 2009, regardless of whether they are also stockholders of record of Western as of the effective time of the merger.
B. Riley & Co., LLC is acting as financial advisor to the special committee of the Western board of directors in connection with the merger, and has provided a fairness opinion to the Western special committee.  Duff & Phelps, LLC is acting as financial advisor to the special committee of the Steak n Shake board of directors in connection with the merger, and has provided a fairness opinion to the Steak n Shake special committee.
As contemplated by the merger agreement, Western's Board of Directors on October 22, 2009, declared a dividend to Western stockholders of all 1,322,806 shares of common stock of Steak n Shake that it presently beneficially owns.  Each stockholder of Western of record as of November 2, 2009, will be entitled to receive the special dividend, which will be distributed on November 6, 2009.  The dividend will be payable at the rate of approximately 0.4657 shares of Steak n Shake common stock for each share of Western outstanding as of the record date, with any fractional share interests to be settled by a cash payment, indicating a per share dividend value (valuing Steak n Shake at $12.00, its closing price on October 22, 2009) of $5.59 per Western share.
 
 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE TRANSACTION
Steak n Shake plans to file a registration statement and related transaction statement on Schedule 13E-3 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") with respect to the merger.  The registration statement will include Western's proxy statement for the special meeting of its stockholders to consider the merger and Steak n Shake's prospectus with respect to the debentures.  INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AND PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS CAREFULLY WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT STEAK N SHAKE, WESTERN, THE TRANSACTION AND RELATED MATTERS.  Investors will be able to obtain free copies of the registration statement and proxy statement/prospectus, when available, and other documents filed by Steak n Shake and Western with the SEC through the SEC's web site at www.sec.gov.  In addition, Western stockholders will be able to obtain free copies of the registration statement, proxy statement/prospectus and transaction statement, when available, from Western by directing such requests to Western, attention: Investor Relations, 401 Albemarle Ave SE, Roanoke, Virginia 24013, telephone at (540) 345-3195.
PARTICIPANTS IN THE SOLICITATION
Steak n Shake, Western and Western's directors and officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from Western's stockholders in connection with the proposed merger involving Western and Steak n Shake.  Information regarding Western's directors and officers and a description of their interests in Western is contained in Western's definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A with respect to its 2009 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which was filed with the SEC on July 15, 2009, and will also be contained in the proxy statement/prospectus relating to the proposed merger when it becomes available.   Western's stockholders may obtain additional information about the direct and indirect interests of the participants in the acquisition, by security holdings or otherwise, by reading the proxy statement/prospectus and other materials to be filed with the SEC when such information becomes available.
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This news release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other federal securities laws and are intended to be covered by the safe harbors created thereby.  These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ markedly from those projected or discussed here.  Steak n Shake and Western caution readers not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, for actual results may differ materially from expectations.  Neither company undertakes to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements even if experience or future changes make it clear that any projected results expressed or implied will not be realized.  Further information concerning the types of factors that could impact the companies' businesses can be found in their filings with the SEC.
ABOUT THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
Steak n Shake is a holding company.  Its primary restaurant operation is conducted through Steak n Shake Operations Inc.  The Steak n Shake restaurant chain, founded in 1934, is a classic American brand serving premium burgers and milkshakes through its chain of 485 restaurants.
ABOUT WESTERN SIZZLIN CORPORATION
Western Sizzlin Corporation is a holding company which owns a number of subsidiaries, with its primary business activities conducted through Western Sizzlin Franchise Corporation and Western Sizzlin Stores, Inc, which franchise and operate restaurants.
CONTACT:  Robyn B. Mabe, Chief Financial Officer of Western Sizzlin Corp., +1-540-345-3195, Duane E. Geiger, Interim Chief Financial Officer of Steak n Shake, +1-317-633-4100
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20091218163209.txt.gz
TIME:20091218163209
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
On December 14, 2009, The Steak n Shake Company (the Company) issued a Press Release announcing its full year and fiscal fourth quarter 2009 results. The Companys Press Release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 and the information set forth therein is incorporated here by reference and constitutes a part of this report.
            The information being furnished in Item 2.02 of this report (including Exhibit 99.1) shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and unless expressly set forth by specific reference in such filings, shall not be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
Board of Directors of the Company approved a 1-for-20 reverse stock split of the Companys issued and outstanding common stock effective at the close of business on December 18, 2009.  The Companys News Release providing information on the stock split is attached as Exhibit 99.2 and the information set forth therein is incorporated by reference and constitutes a part of this report.  The Company filed an Amendment to its Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of Indiana on December 17, 2009, to implement the reverse stock split.  The Amendment added Section 5 to Article III which describes the reverse stock split terms. The Amendment did not change the Companys authorized amount of common stock.
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
By: 
 /s/ Duane E. Geiger                      
Duane E. Geiger
Interim Chief Financial Officer, Vice President, and Controller
Dated: December 18, 2009
 

 
INDIANAPOLIS, Dec. 14 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE: SNS) announces the following:
Fiscal 2009 Results
Net earnings for fiscal year 2009 were $6.0 million, or $0.21 per diluted share, contrasted to a net loss of ($23.0 million), or ($0.81) per diluted share for the same period a year ago. The Company's fiscal year 2009 included 53 weeks where as fiscal year 2008 included 52 weeks. Fiscal year 2009 results included $2.6 million of charges ($1.6 million, or $0.06 per diluted share, net of tax) primarily related to the write down of real estate values. In comparison, fiscal year 2008 results included $14.9 million ($9.2 million, or $0.33 per diluted share, net of tax) of non cash impairment charges, store closure costs, and an early lease termination fee.  For the full year but excluding the impact of the 53rd week, customer traffic and same-store sales increased 10.1% and 4.1%, respectively, over prior year.
Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2009 Results
Net earnings for fiscal 2009 fourth quarter were $3.4 million, or $0.12 per diluted share as contrasted with a net loss of ($9.2 million), or ($0.32) per diluted share in the fourth quarter of the prior year.  The Company's fiscal 2009 fourth quarter included 13 weeks while fiscal 2008 fourth quarter included 12 weeks.  In the fourth quarter, excluding the impact of the 53rd week, customer traffic and same-store sales increased 20% and 10%, respectively, over prior year.
2009 Annual Report and Chairman's Letter
 
The Steak n Shake Company's 2009 Annual Report, which includes Form 10-K filed today with the SEC
, will be
posted on the Internet, where it can be accessed at
www.steaknshake.com
. The report includes Sardar Biglari's
annual letter to shareholders
.
 
We urge all shareholders to read the Annual Report in its entirety because there is limited information in this press release.
 
1-For-20 Reverse Stock Split
The Steak n Shake Company announced a 1-for-20 reverse stock split effective at the close of business on Friday, December 18, 2009.  The rationale behind the decision to initiate a reverse stock split is explained in the Chairmans Letter.
About Steak n Shake
The Steak n Shake Company is a diversified holding company. Its most significant operating subsidiary is Steak n Shake Operations Inc., a classic American brand founded in 1934. The chain of 485 restaurants serves premium burgers and milkshakes.
Risks Associated with Forward-Looking Statements
This news release may include "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other federal securities laws. These statements which may concern anticipated future results are based on current expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ markedly from those projected or discussed here. Steak n Shake cautions readers not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, for actual results may differ materially from expectations. Steak n Shake does not undertake to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements even if experience or future changes make it clear that any projected results expressed or implied therein will not be realized. Further information on the types of factors that could affect Steak n Shake and its business can be found in the company's filings with the SEC.
 
 
 
 
 
CONTACT: Duane Geiger, +1-317-633-4100

 
INDIANAPOLIS, December 17, 2009 /PRNewswire-First Call/ -- The Steak n Shake Companys (NYSE: SNS) previously announced 1-for-20 reverse stock split will be effective at the close of business on Friday, December 18, 2009.  Accordingly, the Companys stock will begin trading at the split-adjusted price on Monday, December 21, 2009.  No fractional shares will be issued in connection with the reverse stock split. Shareholders will receive a cash payment in lieu of fractional shares based upon the average of the high and low trading prices on December 18, 2009.
About Steak n Shake
 
The Steak n Shake Company is a diversified holding company. Its most significant operating subsidiary is Steak n Shake Operations Inc., a classic American brand founded in 1934. The chain of 485 restaurants serves premium burgers and milkshakes.
Risks Associated with Forward-Looking Statements
This news release may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other federal securities laws. These statements which may concern anticipated future results are based on current expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ markedly from those projected or discussed here. Steak n Shake cautions readers not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, for actual results may differ materially from expectations. Steak n Shake does not undertake to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements even if experience or future changes make it clear that any projected results expressed or implied therein will not be realized. Further information on the types of factors that could affect Steak n Shake and its business can be found in the companys filings with the SEC.
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20091222140147.txt.gz
TIME:20091222140147
EVENTS:	Other Events
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
On December 21, 2009, The Steak n Shake Company issued a press release concerning its intention to acquire all of the issued and outstanding common stock of Fremont Michigan InsuraCorp, Inc., that it does not already own.  A copy of the press release is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
Duane E. Geiger
Interim Chief Financial Officer, Vice President, and Controller
Dated: December 22, 2009
 
 
 

INDIANAPOLIS, IN  December 21, 2009  The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE: SNS) announced today its intent to acquire 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Fremont Michigan InsuraCorp, Inc. (OTC Bulletin Board: FMMH.OB) that it does not already own, through an appropriate acquisition entity for $24.50 per share (the "Purchase Price"). 50% of the Purchase Price would be paid in cash, and 50% would be paid in shares of the common stock of Steak n Shake. Stockholders of Fremont would be given an opportunity to elect to receive the Purchase Price in cash, shares of Steak n Shake, or a combination thereof, so that the consideration will be subject to proration if the elections do not equal 50% cash and 50% stock. The offer is not subject to any financing contingency. The offer price represents an 11.3% premium to today's closing price of Fremont's common stock.
Steak n Shake is filing for regulatory approval from the Michigan Office of Financial and Insurance Regulation.
Forward-Looking Statements
This news release may include "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other federal securities laws. These statements which may concern anticipated future results are based on current expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ markedly from those projected or discussed here. Steak n Shake cautions readers not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, for actual results may differ materially from expectations. Steak n Shake does not undertake to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements even if experience or future changes make it clear that any projected results expressed or implied therein will not be realized. Further information on the types of factors that could affect Steak n Shake and its business can be found in the company's filings with the SEC.
CONTACT:  Duane Geiger, +1-317-633-4100


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20100128173028.txt.gz
TIME:20100128173028
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the 240.14a-12)
Exchange Act (17 CFR
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
On January 26, 2010, the Company and Duane E. Geiger terminated any prior agreement concerning employment, severance, or change of control.  Instead, the Company and Mr. Geiger entered into a new, simpler agreement.  The new contractual obligation stipulates that, only in the event Mr. Biglari ceases to be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, shall Mr. Geiger have the option of terminating his employment with the Company and receiving a lump sum severance payment equal to one year of his then current base compensation.  The new accord, unlike the prior one, does not contemplate or contractually bind the Company to severance payment in the event of termination without cause.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
 
Duane E. Geiger
Interim Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Controller
 
Dated: January 28, 2010
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20100129171121.txt.gz
TIME:20100129171121
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
 
On January 29, 2010, The Steak n Shake Company (the Company) issued a Press Release announcing its fiscal first quarter 2010 results. The Companys Press Release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 and the information set forth is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of this report.
The information being furnished in this report (including Exhibit 99.1) is furnished pursuant to Item 2.02 of Form 8-K and shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and unless expressly set forth by specific reference in such filings, shall not be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 

San Antonio, TX, January 29 -- The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE: SNS)
announces :
fiscal first quarter 2010 results and change in corporate name
First Quarter 2010 Results
Net earnings for fiscal first quarter 2010 were $5.5 million, or $3.82 per diluted share, contrasted with a net loss for the first quarter of fiscal year 2009 of ($3.4 million) or ($2.43) per diluted share.  In the current quarter, net sales increased 12.9% from $130.7 million to $147.6 million. To become apprised fully of our results, shareholders should carefully study our 10-Q, which has been posted at .
www.steaknshake.com
Change in Name of Holding Company
The companys plan is to change its corporate name from The Steak n Shake Company to Biglari Holdings Inc.  This adjustment is to delineate more clearly the parent companys new direction as a diversified holding company as well as to eliminate confusion among the activities of the holding company and those of our wholly-owned subsidiary, Steak n Shake Operations Inc. Because a change of the corporate name requires an amendment to the articles of incorporation, we will include a proposal in our proxy statement provided to shareholders in connection with the annual meeting, to be held on Thursday, April 8, 2010 at the St. Regis Hotel in New York City. In addition, we have reserved the trading symbol BH with the NYSE, which will commence trading a day after a majority of shareholders approve the alteration of the name.
About The Steak n Shake Company
The Steak n Shake Company is a diversified holding company. Its most significant operating subsidiary is Steak n Shake Operations Inc. Founded in 1934, the chain of now 485 restaurants serves premium burgers and milkshakes.
The companys long-term objective is to maximize its intrinsic business value.  Strategically, the holding company reinvests its cash generated from its operating subsidiaries into investments with the purpose of achieving high risk-adjusted returns.  All investment and other capital allocation decisions are made for the company by Sardar Biglari, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
Risks Associated with Forward-Looking Statements
This news release may include "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other federal securities laws. These statements which may concern anticipated future results are based on current expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ markedly from those projected or discussed here. Steak n Shake cautions readers not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, for actual results may differ materially from expectations. Steak n Shake does not undertake to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements even if experience or future changes make it clear that any projected results expressed or implied therein will not be realized. Further information on the types of factors that could affect Steak n Shake and its business can be found in the company's filings with the SEC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20100202143418.txt.gz
TIME:20100202143418
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to a unanimous vote of the Board of Directors, the Company filed an Amendment to its Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of Indiana on January 27, 2010, to effect a 1-for-20 reverse stock split of its authorized and unissued common stock and common stock held as treasury shares.  Following this Amendment, the Company has authorized 2,500,000 shares of common stock.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
Duane E. Geiger
Interim Chief Financial Officer, Vice President, and Controller
Dated: February 2, 2010
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20100311160650.txt.gz
TIME:20100311160650
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
 
On March 11, 2010, Steak n Shake Operations, Inc. (Subsidiary), a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Steak n Shake Company (the Company), entered into a First Amendment to the Credit Agreement between Subsidiary and Fifth Third Bank. The First Amendment eliminates the requirement to maintain a minimum liquidity and eliminates the restriction on dividends from Subsidiary to the Company so long as no event of default by Subsidiary as measured on a cumulative basis at the end of each such fiscal quarter. The First Amendment will be included as an exhibit to the Companys next periodic report.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20100330161627.txt.gz
TIME:20100330161627
EVENTS:	Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
 
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
o
 
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
o
 
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
o
 
On March 30, 2010, The Steak n Shake Company (SNS), through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Grill Acquisition Corporation (Merger Sub), acquired 100% of the outstanding equity interests of Western Sizzlin Corporation (Western), pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger among SNS, Merger Sub and Western, dated as of October 22, 2009 (the Agreement). Upon the consummation of the merger pursuant to the Agreement, Western merged with and into Merger Sub, with Western continuing as the surviving corporation and as a wholly-owned subsidiary of SNS.
 Under the terms of the Agreement, each share of Westerns common stock was cancelled upon the completion of the merger and converted into the right to receive a pro rata portion of a new issue of 14% redeemable subordinated debentures due 2015 issued by SNS (the debentures) in the aggregate principal amount of $22,959,000 (approximately $8.07 principal amount of debentures per Western share), with cash to be paid in lieu of fractional debenture interests.
As previously disclosed through SNSs Form 8-K originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on October 23, 2009, SNS and Western are closely related by certain common directors, certain common executive officers, certain common shareholders, and by the beneficial ownership by affiliates of Western of more than five percent of the outstanding common stock of SNS.   Western had advised SNS that two directors of Western (Sardar Biglari and Philip L. Cooley) are members of a group, within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, who along with Western beneficially own an aggregate of 98,167 shares of SNSs common stock, or approximately 6.8% of SNS's currently outstanding common stock.  Additionally, Mr. Biglari is the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of both SNS and Western. Mr. Cooley is Vice Chairman of SNS's and Western's Board of Directors. In recognition of these close relationships, the Agreement was negotiated between the special committees of the Boards of Directors of SNS and Western, each of which was composed entirely of directors that had no such relationships.
SNS and Western issued a joint press release on March 30, 2010 announcing the consummation of the merger. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.
 
The following financial statements that were included in a Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-163192) filed by SNS with the SEC (as amended, modified or supplemented, the Registration Statement) are incorporated by reference in response to Item 9.01(a) of this Current Report on Form 8-K:
 
 
 
The pro forma financial information required to be filed in connection with the merger described in Item 2.01 above are included in the Registration Statement and are incorporated by reference in response to Item 9.01(b) of this Current Report on Form 8-K.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
THE STEAK N SHAKE COMPANY
Duane E. Geiger
Interim Chief Financial Officer, Vice President, and Controller
Dated: March 30, 2010
 
 

 
 
San Antonio, TX  The Steak n Shake Company (NYSE: SNS) announced today the closing of its acquisition of Western Sizzlin Corporation (NASDAQ: WEST), effective as of March 30, 2010.  The acquisition was affected by means of a merger of Western Sizzlin with and into a subsidiary of Steak n Shake, with Western Sizzlin continuing as the surviving corporation and as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Steak n Shake.
As a result of the merger, former Western Sizzlin stockholders will receive a pro rata portion of subordinated debentures issued by Steak n Shake in the aggregate principal amount of $22,959,000 (or approximately $8.07 principal amount for each former Western Sizzlin share).  This new issue of 14% redeemable subordinated debentures due 2015 will be issued only in principal amounts of $1,000 or whole multiples of that amount; fractional interests in debentures will be settled in cash.  Steak n Shake will promptly mail all Western Sizzlin stockholders of record, as of the close of business on March 30, 2010, a transmittal form by which they may surrender their stock certificate and obtain the merger consideration.  All debentures, regardless of when delivered to a Western Sizzlin stockholder, will bear interest from March 30, 2010.
 
Risks Associated with Forward-Looking Statements
This news release may include "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other federal securities laws. These statements which may concern anticipated future results are based on current expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ markedly from those projected or discussed here. Steak n Shake cautions readers not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, for actual results may differ materially from expectations. Steak n Shake does not undertake to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements even if experience or future changes make it clear that any projected results expressed or implied therein will not be realized. Further information on the types of factors that could affect Steak n Shake and its business can be found in the company's filings with the SEC.
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20100409152337.txt.gz
TIME:20100409152337
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
 
____________________
 
 
Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
On April 8, 2010, Biglari Holdings Inc., formerly known as The Steak n Shake Company (the Company), filed Articles of Amendment to its Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the Amendment) with the Secretary of State of Indiana.  The Amendment deleted an unnecessary post office address, removed nonessential detailed language about the businesss purpose and changed the name of the Company from The Steak n Shake Company to Biglari Holdings Inc., effective immediately.  The Amendment was approved by the Companys shareholders at the Companys Annual Meeting of Shareholders, discussed in Item 5.07 below.
 
 
The Company held its Annual Meeting of Shareholders on April 8, 2010 (the Meeting). The total number of shares of the Companys common stock, stated value $0.50 per share, voted in person or by proxy at the Meeting was 1,268,591, representing approximately 88.3% of the 1,436,145 shares outstanding and entitled to vote at the Meeting.  The number of votes cast for, against or withheld, as well as abstentions, if applicable, with respect to each matter is set out below.  There were no broker non-votes with respect to any matter voted upon at the Meeting.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2
 
 
In connection with the change of the Companys name to Biglari Holdings Inc., the Companys stock ticker symbol on the New York Stock Exchange has changed from SNS to BH, effective upon the commencement of trading on April 9, 2010.  Shareholders do not need to exchange their stock certificates.
 
 
 
 
 
3
 
SIGNATURE
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
4
 
 
 
 
5
 

The undersigned officer of (hereinafter referred to as the Corporation) existing pursuant to the provisions of the Indiana Business Corporation Law, as amended, (hereinafter referred to as the Law), desiring to give notice of corporate action effectuating amendment of certain provisions of its Articles of Incorporation, certifies the following facts:
The Steak n Shake Company
The date of incorporation of the Corporation is December 15, 1976.
SECTION 1:    
    The name of the Corporation following this amendment to the Articles of Incorporation is 
SECTION 2:
BIGLARI HOLDINGS INC.
:    The exact text of Article I of the Articles of Incorporation is now as follows:
SECTION 1
The name of the Corporation is
BIGLARI HOLDINGS INC.
    The exact text of Article II of the Articles of Incorporation is now as follows:
SECTION 2:
The purpose for which the Corporation is formed is to transact any and all lawful business for which corporations may be incorporated under the Indiana Business Corporation Law (the Act).
    The exact text of Article IV of the Articles of Incorporation is now as follows:
SECTION 3:
The name of the Resident Agent of the Corporation is Corporation Service Company.  The street address of the Corporations registered office is 251 E. Ohio Street, Suite 500, Indianapolis, Indiana 46204.
These amendments set forth in these Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation were approved by unanimous vote of the Board of Directors of the Corporation at a meeting on January 25, 2010, and adopted by the shareholders of the Corporation at a meeting of the Shareholders on April 8, 2010 (see attached for shareholder vote).
The manner of adoption of these Articles of Amendment and the vote by which they were adopted constitute full legal compliance with the provisions of the Act, the Restated Articles Incorporation, as amended, and the Code of By-Laws of the Corporation.
I hereby verify subject to the penalties of perjury that the statements included herein are true.
                              
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20100430172800.txt.gz
TIME:20100430172800
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
1
 
 
 
On April 30, 2010, Biglari Holdings Inc., an Indiana corporation (the Company), acquired Biglari Capital Corp., a Texas corporation (Biglari Capital), pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement, dated April 30, 2010 (the Stock Purchase Agreement), between the Company and Sardar Biglari.  Biglari Capital is the general partner of The Lion Fund, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership that operates as a private investment fund (the Lion Fund).
 
Pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement, Mr. Biglari sold all of the shares of Biglari Capital to the Company for a purchase price of $1.00 plus (i) an amount equal to Biglari Capitals adjusted capital balance, if any, in its capacity as general partner of the Lion Fund, and (ii) an amount equal to the total incentive reallocation allocable to Biglari Capital for the period from January 1, 2010 through April 30, 2010, less any distributions in respect of such amounts previously received by Mr. Biglari.  The payments set forth in clauses (i) and (ii) above represent solely those amounts that have accrued to date to Biglari Capital, as general partner of the Lion Fund, estimated at closing to be $4.175 million.  The Stock Purchase Ag reement contains customary representations, warranties and indemnities.
 
The Stock Purchase Agreement provides that the Company will prepare and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission proxy materials for a special meeting of its shareholders at which it will submit the Incentive Bonus Agreement (as defined below) for approval by its shareholders for purposes of Section 162(m) under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), in order to preserve the tax deductibility to the Company of the performance-based compensation payable to Mr. Biglari under such agreement.  If the Incentive Bonus Agreement is not approved by the Companys shareholders, Mr. Biglari will have the option, exercisable within 30 days after the special meeting, to repurchase Biglari Capital for a purchase price equal to the sum of (i) $1.00, (ii) an amount equal to Biglari Capital 7;s adjusted capital balance, if any, in its capacity as general partner of the Lion Fund, and (iii) an amount equal to the total incentive reallocation allocable to Biglari Capital for the period from April 30, 2010 through the repurchase date, less any distributions in respect of such amounts previously received by the Company.
 
The foregoing summary of the Stock Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Stock Purchase Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated herein by reference.
 
Mr. Biglari is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of each of the Company and Biglari Capital, was the sole shareholder of Biglari Capital and is a limited partner in the Lion Fund.  The Lion Fund owns 76,421 shares of common stock of the Company as of the date hereof.  Philip L. Cooley, Vice Chairman of the Company, is a limited partner and member of the advisory board of the Lion Fund.  The transaction was negotiated on behalf of the Company by outside, non-employee directors of the Company and approved by the Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company.
 
 
The information contained in Item 1.01 is incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
2
 
 
 
 
In connection with the acquisition of Biglari Capital (manager of the Lion Fund) and in recognition of Mr. Biglaris increased responsibilities in overseeing the operations, investments and capital allocation of a diversified holding company, the Company entered into the Incentive Bonus Agreement, dated April 30, 2010 (the Incentive Bonus Agreement), with Mr. Biglari, subject to shareholder approval for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Code.
 
The Incentive Bonus Agreement provides Mr. Biglari the opportunity to receive annual incentive compensation payments based on the Companys book value growth for each fiscal year.  If the Company exceeds a 5% annual book value growth hurdle, Mr. Biglari would receive an incentive compensation payment equal to 25% of the Companys book value in excess of that hurdle.  Mr. Biglari will not receive incentive compensation payments under the Incentive Bonus Agreement unless the Companys book value exceeds a 5% annual growth rate over the Companys previous highest book value achieved during the term of the agreement, or the high water mark.  Accordingly, in a fiscal year where book value declines, the hurdle for subsequent fiscal years will require the complete recovery o f the deficit from the last high water mark, plus a 5% annual growth rate from the last high water mark.  Determinations of book value and the incentive compensation payments to Mr. Biglari under the Incentive Bonus Agreement are subject to the approval of the Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company.
 
The Incentive Bonus Agreement provides that Mr. Biglari will use an amount equal to at least 30% of his annual pre-tax incentive compensation to purchase shares of the Companys common stock on the open market within 120 calendar days of his receipt of such payment, subject to restrictions under the Companys insider trading policy.  This requirement represents an approximate minimum of 50% of his after-tax incentive compensation.  Mr. Biglari is then required to hold such shares for a minimum of three years from the date of purchase, unless there is a change of control of the Company or his employment is terminated by the Company without cause or by Mr. Biglari for good reason.
 
If, on or prior to the third anniversary of the Incentive Bonus Agreement, there is a change in control of the Company, Mr. Biglari is terminated by the Company without cause or Mr. Biglari resigns for good reason, Mr. Biglari has the option, exercisable within 30 days after the occurrence of any such event, to repurchase Biglari Capital from the Company for a purchase price equal to the sum of (i) an amount equal to Biglari Capitals adjusted capital balance, if any, in its capacity as general partner of the Lion Fund, and (ii) an amount equal to the total incentive reallocation allocable to Biglari Capital for the period from January 1 of the applicable year through the repurchase date, less any distributions in respect of such amounts previously received by the Company.
 
 
3
 
 
If the option described in the preceding paragraph expires unexercised after three years, and after such time there is a change in control of the Company, Mr. Biglari is terminated by the Company without cause or Mr. Biglari resigns for good reason, Mr. Biglari will be entitled to receive a severance payment equal to 299% of the average annual cash compensation (consisting of his base salary and incentive compensation) paid to him since the date of the Incentive Bonus Agreement, subject to reduction to the extent necessary so that no portion of the severance payment will be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code.
 
The Incentive Bonus Agreement will terminate if the Companys shareholders do not approve the agreement for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Code at the special meeting to be called for that purpose.
 
Mr. Biglari does not have an employment agreement with the Company, and the Incentive Bonus Agreement does not alter his at-will employment arrangement with the Company.
 
The foregoing summary of the Incentive Bonus Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Incentive Bonus Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit 10.2 and incorporated herein by reference.
 
Item 9.01.                      Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
 
To the extent required, any financial statements required by this Item will be filed by amendment not later than 71 calendar days after the required filing date of this Form 8-K.
 
(d)           Exhibits
 
 
 
4
 
 
SIGNATURE
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
5
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 10.1
 
 
 
 
 
Page
 
 
 
i
 
 
Page
 
 
 
 
Exhibit A                                Defined Terms
 
ii
 
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the ), dated this 30th day of April, 2010, by and between Biglari Holdings Inc., an Indiana corporation (), and Sardar Biglari ().
Agreement
Purchaser
Seller
 
 
WHEREAS, Seller is the sole shareholder of Biglari Capital Corp., a Texas corporation ();
Biglari Capital
 
WHEREAS, Biglari Capital is the general partner of The Lion Fund, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (, and together with Biglari Capital, the );
Lion Fund
Companies
 
WHEREAS, Seller desires to sell to Purchaser, and Purchaser desires to purchase from Seller, all upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, 1,000 shares of common stock, no par value, of Biglari Capital (the ); and
Shares
 
WHEREAS, concurrently herewith, Purchaser and Seller are entering into that certain incentive bonus agreement providing, among other things, for certain payments to Seller on account of the management by Seller of Biglari Capital (the ).
Incentive Agreement
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the respective representations, warranties, and agreements contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:
 
 
 
Section 1.1             .  Upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, Seller hereby sells, and Purchaser hereby purchases, the Shares.  Seller is delivering to Purchaser a certificate or certificates representing the Shares, duly endorsed in blank for transfer or accompanied by a separate stock power duly executed in blank for transfer.  Seller shall execute and deliver any such other certificates, instruments or documents, and to do and perform such other and further acts as shall be deemed necessary or desirable in order to effect the transfer of the Shares pursuant to this Agreement.
Sale of Shares
 
Section 1.2             .
Purchase Price; Adjustment
 
(a)           The purchase price for the Shares is the sum of (i) one dollar ($1.00), plus (ii) the Adjusted Capital (as such term is defined in the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership, dated as of July 1, 2002, of Lion Fund (the )) balance, if any, of Biglari Capital, in its capacity as general partner of Lion Fund, as of the date hereof, plus (iii) the total Incentive Reallocation (as defined in, and calculated in accordance with Section 5.02 of, the Partnership Agreement) for the period from January 1, 2010 through the close of business on the date hereof (such aggregate amount as provided in clauses (ii) and (iii), the ).  If, and to the extent that, Seller shall have received distributions from Biglari Capital in respect of such Purchase Date Capital Balance  prior to the date hereof, the amount being paid to Seller pursuant to clauses (ii) and (iii) above is being reduced by the amount of such prior distributions.  The purchase price is being paid by certified check or wire transfer of immediately available funds concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement.
Partnership Agreement
&# 8220;Purchase Date Capital Balance
 
 
 
 
 
(b)           Seller has provided to Purchaser a good faith estimate of the Purchase Date Capital Balance, which estimate was prepared as of the close of business on April 27, 2010 (the ).  The purchase price payable pursuant to Section 1.2(a) on the date hereof shall be based on the Estimated Purchase Date Capital Balance.
Estimated Purchase Date Capital Balance
 
(c)           Seller shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Purchaser, within twenty (20) days after the date hereof, a statement (the ) setting forth the Purchase Date Capital Balance and showing his calculations in reasonable detail.  Purchaser shall have a period of ten (10) days after the date on which the Purchase Date Capital Balance Statement is delivered to it (the ) to review the Purchase Date Capital Balance Statement.  If Purchaser objects to the calculation of the Purchase Date Capital Balance as set forth on such Purchase Dat e Capital Balance Statement, Purchaser shall so inform Seller in writing (the ) on or before the last day of the Purchase Date Capital Balance Review Period, setting forth in reasonable detail the basis of the Purchase Date Capital Balance Objection and the adjustments to the Purchase Date Capital Balance that Purchaser believes should be made.  In the event that a Purchase Date Capital Balance Objection is not delivered to Seller on or before the last day of the Purchase Date Capital Balance Review Period, Purchaser shall be deemed to have agreed to the Purchase Date Capital Balance Statement.  In the event that a Purchase Date Capital Balance Objection is delivered to Seller on or before the last day of the Purchase Date Capital Balance Review Period, Purchaser and Seller shall attempt in good faith to reach an agreement wit h respect to any matters in dispute.  If Purchaser and Seller are unable to resolve all of their differences within ten (10) days after delivery of the Purchase Date Capital Balance Objection to Seller, they shall refer their remaining differences to a nationally recognized independent public accounting firm mutually agreed upon by Purchaser and Seller, which may be Purchasers independent registered public accounting firm (the ).  The Accountants shall, based on those items as to which Purchaser and Seller have agreed and the Accountants determination regarding those items in dispute, finally determine the Purchase Date Capital Balance within twenty (20) days after submission of the dispute to them.  The Accountants determination shall be set forth in writing and shall be conclusive and binding upon the parties hereto, absent manifest error.  Purchaser shall pay the fe es of the Accountants in connection therewith.
Purchase Date Capital Balance Statement
Purchase Date Capital Balance Review Period
Purchase Date Capital Balance
Objection
Accountants
 
(d)           The shall be (i) if no Purchase Date Capital Balance Objection is sent to Seller prior to the end of the Purchase Date Capital Balance Review Period, the Purchase Date Capital Balance set forth on the Purchase Date Capital Balance Statement delivered by Seller, (ii) if a Purchase Date Capital Balance Objection is made but finally determined between Purchaser and Seller prior to referring any such dispute to the Accountants, the Purchase Date Capital Balance so finally determined; and (iii) if a Purchase Date Capital Balance Objection is sent to the Accountants, the Purchase Date Capital Balance finally determined by the Accountants.
Final Purchase Date Capital Balance
 
 
2
 
 
(e)           If the Final Purchase Date Capital Balance is greater than the Estimated Purchase Date Capital Balance, then Purchaser shall pay the amount of such excess to Seller within five (5) business days after the determination of the Final Purchase Date Capital Balance.  If the Final Purchase Date Capital Balance is less than the Estimated Purchase Date Capital Balance, then Seller shall pay the amount of such difference to Purchaser within five (5) business days after the determination of the Final Purchase Date Capital Balance.
 
Section 1.3             .  At the request of Purchaser, the parties shall make, or cause to be made, an election under Section 338(h)(10) and/or Section 754 of the Code (and any corresponding election under state, local, and foreign tax law) with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and shall, in the event any such election is made and to the extent required, mutually determine the allocation of the purchase price paid pursuant to Section 1.2 to and among Biglari Capitals and the Lion Funds assets.  In connection therewith, Purchaser may provide Seller an appropriate gross-up for any additional tax incurred by Seller as a result of any such election, to the extent mutually agreed by the parties.  In the event of any such election, no party hereto shall file any return or take a position with any taxing authority or in connection with any tax-related litigation that is inconsistent with this Section 1.3, unless required to do so pursuant to a determination within the meaning of Section 1313(a) of the Code.
Tax Elections
 
 
 
Seller represents and warrants to Purchaser as follows:
 
Section 2.1             .
Organization, Existence and Good Standing
 
(a)           Biglari Capital is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Texas.  Seller has heretofore provided Purchaser with true and complete copies of Biglari Capitals Articles of Incorporation (certified by the Secretary of State of the State of Texas) and By-laws (certified by the Secretary of Biglari Capital), each as amended through the date hereof.  Biglari Capital is not in default under or in violation of any provisions of its Articles of Incorporation or By-laws.  Biglari Capital has all corporate power and authority to own, operate and lease its properties and to carry on its business as the same is now being conducted.  Biglari Capital is duly qualified or lic ensed to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in those jurisdictions listed on hereto, which are all of the jurisdictions in which the conduct of its business or the ownership or leasing of its properties requires it to be so qualified or licensed, except for such jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified or licensed would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect on Biglari Capital.
Schedule 2.1(a)
 
(b)           Lion Fund is a limited partnership duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.  Seller has heretofore provided Purchaser with true and complete copies of Lion Funds Certificate of Limited Partnership (certified by the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware) and Partnership Agreement (certified by Biglari Capital, as general partner of Lion Fund) as in effect on the date hereof.  Lion Fund is not in default under or in violation of any provisions of its Certificate of Limited Partnership or Partnership Agreement.  Lion Fund has all partnership power and authority to own, operate and lease its properties and to carry on its business as the same is now being conducted.  L ion Fund is duly qualified or licensed to do business and is in good standing as a foreign limited partnership in those jurisdictions listed on hereto, which are all of the jurisdictions in which the conduct of its business or the ownership or leasing of its properties requires it to be so qualified or licensed, except for such jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified or licensed would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect on Lion Fund.
Schedule 2.1(b)
 
 
3
 
 
Section 2.2             .  The authorized capital stock of Biglari Capital consists of 100,000 shares of common stock, no par value, of which 1,000 shares are issued and outstanding.  All of Biglari Capitals issued and outstanding capital stock is duly authorized, validly issued, fully-paid and non-assessable.  There is no security, option, warrant, right, call, subscription, agreement, commitment or understanding of any nature whatsoever, fixed or contingent, that directly or indirectly (a) calls for the issuance, sale, pledge or other disposition by Biglari Capital of any of its capital stock or any securities convertible into, or other rights to acquire, any such capital stock, (b) relates to the voting or control of such capital stock or rights or (c) obligates Biglari Capital to grant, offer or enter into any of the foregoing.  There are no actions, suits, proceedings or claims pending or, to the knowledge of Seller, threatened with respect to or in any manner affecting the ownership by Seller of the Shares or the sale of the Shares by Seller to Purchaser.  The Shares are solely owned of record and beneficially by Seller and are free and clear of all Liens and subject to no options, agreements or restrictions with respect to transferability.
Capitalization and Ownership of Shares
 
Section 2.3             .  Seller has all requisite power, legal capacity and authority to enter into this Agreement and the Incentive Agreement (together, the ) and to assume and perform his obligations thereunder.  The Transaction Agreements constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of Seller, enforceable against him in accordance with their respective terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally and the fact that equitable remedies or relief (including without limitation, the re medy of specific performance) are subject to the discretion of the court from which such relief may be sought.
Authorization
Transaction Agreements
 
Section 2.4              .
Approvals and Consents; No Breach
 
(a)           No action, approval, consent or authorization, including, but not limited to, any action, approval, consent or authorization by any governmental or quasi-governmental agency, commission, board, bureau, or instrumentality (each, a ) is necessary or required as to Seller in order to constitute this Agreement as a valid, binding and enforceable obligation of Seller in accordance with its terms, except for those that have been taken or obtained.
Governmental Authority
 
 
4
 
 
(b)           Neither the execution and delivery of the Transaction Agreements, nor the consummation by Seller of the transactions contemplated thereby, nor compliance by Seller with any of the provisions hereof, will violate or cause a default under any statute (domestic or foreign), judgment, order, writ, decree, rule or regulation of any Governmental Authority applicable to Seller or the Companies or any of their respective assets or properties; breach or conflict with any of the terms, provisions or conditions of the Articles of Incorporation or By-Laws of Biglari Capital or the Certificate of Limited Partnership or Partnership Agreement of Lion Fund; or, violate, conflict with or breach any agreement, contract, mortgage, instrument, indenture or license to which Seller or eit her of the Companies is a party or by which Seller or the Companies is or may be bound, or constitute a default (in and of itself or with the giving of notice, passage of time or both) thereunder, or result in the creation or imposition of any encumbrance upon, or give to any other party or parties any claim, interest or right, including rights of termination or cancellation in, or with respect to, the Shares or the assets or properties of the Companies.
 
Section 2.5             .
Financial Statements
 
(a)           Attached hereto as (and previously provided to Purchaser) are the unaudited balance sheet of Biglari Capital at December 31, 2009 and the related unaudited profit and loss statement for the fiscal year then ended (collectively, the ).  The balance sheet included in the Biglari Financial Statements, in all material respects, fairly presents the financial position of Biglari Capital as of its date, and the profit and loss statement included in the Biglari Financial Statements fairly presents the results of operations of Biglari Capital for the period presented therein, all in conform ity with GAAP, applied on a consistent basis during the period involved, except as otherwise noted therein. The Biglari Financial Statements, including in all cases the notes thereto, (x) are true, correct and complete, and (y) are in accordance with the books and records of Biglari Capital.
Schedule 2.5(a)
Biglari Financial Statements
 
(b)           Attached hereto as (and previously provided to Purchaser) are (i) the Statement of Assets and Liabilities of Lion Fund at December 31, 2009 and the related Condensed Schedule of Investments in Securities at December 31, 2009, Statement of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2009, Statement of Changes in Partners Capital for the Year Ended December 31, 2009 and Statement of Cash Flows For the Year Ended December 31, 2009, together with the report of Grant Thornton  LLP thereon, and (ii) the Statement of Assets and Liabilities of Lion Fund at March 31, 2010 (collectively, the ).  Each statement of assets and liabilities included in the Lion Fund Financial Statements, in all material respects, fairly presents the financial position of Lion Fund as of its date, and the other related statements included in the Lion Fund Financial Statements fairly present the information contained therein of Lion Fund for the periods presented therein, all in conformity with GAAP, applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved, except as otherwise noted therein. The Lion Fund Financial Statements, including in all cases the notes thereto, (x) are true, correct and complete, and (y) are in accordance with the books and records of Lion Fund.
Schedule 2.5(b)
Lion Fund Financial Statements
 
Section 2.6             .
Liabilities
 
(a)           Biglari Capital has no liability or obligation of any nature (whether liquidated, unliquidated, accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise and whether due or to become due) except:
 
 
5
 
 
(i)           those set forth or reflected in the Biglari Financial Statements that have not been paid or discharged since the date thereof;
 
(ii)         those arising under agreements or expressly identified on any Schedule hereto; and
 
(iii)        current liabilities arising in the ordinary and usual course of business subsequent to December 31, 2009 that are accurately reflected on Biglari Capitals books and records in a manner consistent with past practice.
 
(b)           Lion Fund has no liability or obligation of any nature (whether liquidated, unliquidated, accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise and whether due or to become due) except:
 
(i)           those set forth or reflected in the Lion Fund Financial Statements that have not been paid or discharged since the date thereof; and
 
(ii)         current liabilities arising in the ordinary and usual course of business subsequent to March 31, 2010 that are accurately reflected on Lion Funds books and records in a manner consistent with past practice.
 
Section 2.7             .  Except as contemplated by this Agreement, and except as set forth on attached hereto, since December 31, 2009, (a) the Companies have conducted their businesses in the ordinary course and consistent with past practices; and (b) there has not been:
Absence of Certain Changes
Schedule 2.7
 
(i)           any change in their business, operations, prospects or financial position, except such changes that, individually or in the aggregate, are not reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on either of the Companies considered separately;
 
(ii)         any change in the Companies financial or accounting practices or policies, except as required by law;
 
(iii)        any agreement by either of the Companies (in writing or otherwise) to take any action that, if taken, would render any of the representations set forth in this Section 2.7 untrue;
 
(iv)        other than in the usual and ordinary course of business, any increase in amounts payable by the Companies to or for the benefit of or committed to be paid by the Companies to or for the benefit of any officer, consultant, agent or employee of the Companies, in any capacity, or in any benefits granted under any bonus, profit sharing, pension, retirement, deferred compensation, insurance, or other direct or indirect benefit plan with respect to any such person; or
 
(v)         any transaction entered into or carried out other than in the ordinary and usual course of the business of the Companies including, without limitation, any transaction resulting in the incurrence of liabilities or obligations.
 
 
6
 
 
Section 2.8             .
Taxes and Tax Returns
 
(a)           Biglari Capital has timely filed all material Tax Returns required to be filed by it and has paid all Taxes of any kind shown to be due on such tax returns or otherwise required to be paid.
 
(b)           Biglari Capital has complied in all material respects with all applicable laws relating to information reporting with respect to payments made to third parties and the withholding of and payment of withheld taxes and has timely withheld from employee wages and other payments and paid over to the proper governmental authority all amounts required to be so withheld and paid over for all periods under all applicable laws.
 
(c)           Biglari Capital is and has been at all times since its incorporation an S corporation as defined in Section 1361 of the Code.
 
Section 2.9             .  With such exceptions as are not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Companies as a whole; (a) all Permits that are presently required for the operation of the Companies businesses, as currently conducted, have been duly obtained and are in full force and effect; and (b) there is no Action pending or, to the Knowledge of Seller, overtly threatened against either of the Companies to terminate the rights of either of the Companies under any such Permits.
Permits
 
Section 2.10           .  There is no Action or governmental investigation pending, or to the knowledge of Seller, threatened, against (i) either of the Companies, their assets and properties, or (ii) any director, officer or employee thereof or Seller relating to the Companies.  Neither of the Companies is in violation of or default under, any laws, ordinances, regulations, judgments, injunctions, orders or decrees (including without limitation, any immigration laws or regulations) of any court, governmental department, commission, agency, instrumentality or arbitrator applicable to it.  Neither of the Companies is currently subject to any judgme nt, order, injunction or decree of or settlement enforceable by any court, arbitral authority, administrative agency or governmental authority.
Legal Proceedings, Claims, Investigations
 
Section 2.11            .
Material Contracts
 
(a)            lists each of the following contracts of the Companies as of the date of this Agreement (such contracts being referred to as the ):
Schedule 2.11(a)
Material Contracts
 
(i)          all management and employment contracts and contracts with independent contractors or consultants (or similar arrangements) that are not cancelable without penalty or further payment and without more than 90 days notice;
 
(ii)         all contracts that expressly limit the ability of the Companies to compete in any line of business or with any Person in any geographic area;
 
(iii)        any contract pursuant to which either of the Companies makes or receives payments in an amount in excess of $25,000 per year;
 
 
7
 
 
(iv)        contracts to which the Companies are party relating to loans or advances to, or investments in, any other Person;
 
(v)         credit agreements, notes, indentures, security agreements, pledges, guarantees of or agreements to assume any debt or obligation of others, or similar documents relating to indebtedness for borrowed money (including interest rate or currency swaps, hedges or straddles or similar transactions) to which the Companies are party;
 
(vi)        severance or termination contracts or any other agreement or employee benefit plan that contain any severance or termination pay liability or obligation for employees of the Companies;
 
(vii)       any contract pursuant to which the Companies have a power of attorney outstanding or any obligation or liability (whether absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise), as surety, co-signer, endorser, co-maker, indemnitor or otherwise in respect of the obligation of any person, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, organization or other entity;
 
(viii)      any contract that has or would be expected to have a material adverse effect on either the Companies or the conduct of their businesses;
 
(ix)         any contract between the Companies, or either of them, and Seller or any affiliate of Seller;
 
(x)          any contract that is otherwise material to the Companies and not previously disclosed pursuant to this Section 2.11.
 
(b)           Neither the Companies nor, to the Knowledge of Seller, any other party to any Material Contract is in breach of or default thereunder.
 
(c)           Each Material Contract is the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Companies and, to the Knowledge of Seller, each other party thereto, enforceable against them in accordance with their respective terms, subject to applicable laws relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar legal requirement relating to or affecting creditors rights generally and except as such enforceability is subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).
 
Section 2.12           .
Employee Benefit Plans
 
(a)            contains a list as of the date of this Agreement of each material employee benefit plan, arrangement or policy for employees of Biglari Capital who perform services solely for Biglari Capital (the  ).  All such plans, arrangements and policies are collectively referred to as the .
Schedule 2.12
Employees
Benefit Plans
 
(b)           With such exceptions as are not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on Biglari Capital:  (i) each Benefit Plan has been established and administered substantially in accordance with its terms and in compliance with all applicable laws; and (ii) no audit or investigation by any governmental authority is pending, or to the Knowledge of Seller, threatened, with respect to any Benefit Plan.
 
 
8
 
 
Section 2.13           .
Title to Property
 
(a)           Biglari Capital owns no real property.   lists all real property leased by Biglari Capital.  With respect to the property leased under each real property lease listed in , Biglari Capital is in occupancy of such property pursuant to the terms of the lease governing such interest.
Schedule 2.13(a)
Schedule 2.13(a)
 
(b)           Biglari Capital has good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all material properties and assets owned or leased by the Companies, except for those that are no longer used or useful in the conduct of their businesses, in each case free of all Liens.
 
Section 2.14           .
Intellectual Property
 
(a)           Set forth in is a true and complete list of all registrations and applications for material Intellectual Property of Biglari Capital and all  material unregistered Intellectual Property of Biglari Capital including, as applicable, the owner, jurisdiction, and registration or application number.
Schedule 2.14(a)
 
(b)           To the Knowledge of Seller, Seller owns or has the right to use all Intellectual Property used in the conduct of Biglari Capitals business without any conflict with the rights of others, in each case with such exceptions as are not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on Biglari Capital and subject to limitations contained in any applicable license agreement; provided, however, that no representation or warranty is made as to the extent to which ownership of or right to use any particular Intellectual Property includes the exclusive right to use such Intellectual Property.
 
Section 2.15           .   hereto sets forth a list and brief description of all existing insurance policies maintained by Biglari Capital pertaining to its business properties, personnel or assets.  Biglari Capital is not in default with respect to any provision contained in any insurance policy, and to the Knowledge of Seller has not failed to give any notice or present any claim under any insurance policy in due and timely fashion.  Each such policy is in full force and effect.  All payments with respect to such policies are current and Biglari Capital has not received any notice threateni ng a suspension, revocation, modification or cancellation of any such policy.
Insurance
Schedule 2.15
 
Section 2.16           .
Employees and Independent Contractors
 
(a)            hereto lists the Employees of Biglari Capital and sets forth their base salary and other material compensation.
Schedule 2.16(a)
 
(b)           .   hereto lists each independent contractor, including, without limitation, each representative and agent, to whom or which Biglari Capital paid commissions and/or other forms of compensation in excess of $20,000 in either of the past two calendar years.
Independent Contractors
Schedule 2.16(b)
 
 
9
 
 
Section 2.17           .  Biglari Capital is not the subject of, or, to the knowledge of Seller, being threatened to be the subject of (i) any enforcement proceeding, or (ii) any investigation, brought in either case under any Environmental Laws, at any time in effect or (iii) any third party claim relating to environmental conditions on or off the properties of Biglari Capital.  Biglari Capital is not aware and has not been notified of any conditions on or off the properties of Biglari Capital that will give rise to any liabilities, known or unknown, under any Environmental Laws, or as the result of any claim of any third party.  For the purposes of this Section 2.1 7, an investigation shall include, but is not limited to, any written notice received by Biglari Capital that relates to the onsite or offsite disposal, release, discharge or spill of any Hazardous Material.
Environmental Matters
 
Section 2.18           .  Biglari Capital has not, directly or indirectly, paid or delivered any fee, commission or other sum of money or item of property, however characterized, to any finder, agent, government official or other party, in the United States of America or any other country, that is in any manner related to the business or operations of Biglari Capital, which Biglari Capital knows or has reason to believe to have been illegal under any federal, state or local laws or the laws of any other country having jurisdiction.
Illegal Payments
 
Section 2.19           .   hereto lists the names and locations of all banks or other financial institutions that Biglari Capital has an account and/or safe deposit box, the numbers of any such accounts and boxes and the names of all persons authorized to draw thereon or to have access thereto.
Banks; Safe Deposit Boxes
Schedule 2.19
 
Section 2.20           .  All negotiations relative to the Transaction Agreements and the transactions contemplated thereby have been carried on by or on behalf of Seller in such a manner as not to give rise to any claim against Purchaser or Seller or the Shares for a finders fee, brokerage commission, advisory fee or other similar payment.
Brokers
 
 
 
Purchaser represents and warrants to Seller as follows:
 
Section 3.1             .  Purchaser has all requisite power, legal capacity and authority to enter into the Transaction Agreements and to assume and perform its obligations thereunder.  The Transaction Agreements constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with their respective terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and the fact that equitable remedies or relief (including without limitation, the remedy of specific performance) are subject to the discretion of the court form which such relief may be sought.
Authorization
 
Section 3.2             .  (a) No action, approval, consent or authorization, including, but not limited to, any action, approval, consent or authorization by any Governmental Authority is necessary or required as to Purchaser in order to constitute the Transaction Agreements as valid, binding and enforceable obligations of Purchaser in accordance with their respective terms, except for those that have been taken or obtained.
Approvals and Consents; No Breach
 
 
10
 
 
(b)           Neither the execution and delivery of the Transaction Agreements, nor the consummation by Purchaser of the transactions contemplated thereby, nor compliance by Purchaser with any of the provisions thereof, will violate or cause a default under any statute (domestic or foreign), judgment, order, writ, decree, rule or regulation of any Governmental Authority applicable to Buyer or any of its material properties; a breach or conflict with any of the terms, provisions or conditions of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws of Buyer.
 
Section 3.3             .  There is no claim, litigation, action, suit, proceeding, investigation or inquiry, administrative or judicial, pending or, to the knowledge of Purchaser, threatened against Purchaser, at law or in equity, before any Governmental Authority, that might have an adverse effect on Purchasers ability to perform any of its obligations under the Transaction Agreements or upon the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby.
Litigation
 
Section 3.4             .  All negotiations relative to the Transaction Agreements and the transactions contemplated hereby have been carried on by or on behalf of Purchaser in such a manner as not to give rise to any claim against Purchaser, Seller or the Shares for a finders fee, brokerage commission, advisory fee or other similar payment.
Brokers
 
Section 3.5             .
Investment Intent
 
(a)           The Shares are being acquired for Purchasers own account, and not for the account of any other Person, and not with a view to, or for sale in connection with, any distribution or resale to others within the meaning of Section 2(11) or Rule 502(d) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933.  The sale of the Shares is intended to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(2) thereof.  Purchaser is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.
 
(b)           Seller has provided to Purchaser all documents and information that Purchaser has requested relating to Biglari Capital.  Purchaser has not relied on Seller or any of its affiliates or representatives for any tax or legal advice in connection with the purchase of the Shares.
 
 
 
Section 4.1             .  The representations and warranties contained in this Agreement and the indemnity obligations for the inaccuracy of such representations and warranties contained in Sections 4.2(a) and 4.2(b) shall terminate on, and no claim or Action with respect thereto may be brought after, the day that immediately precedes the first anniversary of this Agreement, except that such obligation of indemnity provided herein with respect to the representations and warranties contained in Sections 2.8 and 2.12 shall not terminate until the expiration of the statute of limitations applicable to the items contained therein.  If, prior to the termination of any obligation to i ndemnify as provided for herein, written notice of a claimed breach is given by the party seeking indemnification including in detail the basis therefor (the ) to the party from whom indemnification is sought (the ) or an Action based upon a claimed breach is commenced against the Indemnified Party, the Indemnified Party shall not be precluded from pursuing such claimed breach or Action, or from recovering from the Indemnifying Party (whether through the courts or otherwise) on the claim or Action, by reason of the termination otherwise provided for above.
Survival
Indemnified Party
Indemnifying Party
 
 
11
 
 
Section 4.2              .
Indemnification
 
(a)           Seller shall indemnify and hold harmless Purchaser from, and reimburse Purchaser for, any Losses as a result of the inaccuracy of any representation or warranty of Seller contained in Article II of this Agreement.  Except as provided in the next succeeding sentence, Seller shall not be responsible for any Losses under Section 4.2(a) until the cumulative aggregate amount of such Losses exceeds $100,000 (the ), in which case Seller shall then be liable only for such Losses in excess of the Basket Amount.  Notwithstanding the provisions of the previous sentence, Seller shall indemnify and hold harmless Purchaser from, and reimburse Purchaser for, any Losses that a re the direct and proximate result of any inaccuracy of the representations of Seller contained in Sections 2.2 and 2.6 without regard for the Basket Amount.
Basket Amount
 
(b)           Purchaser shall indemnify and hold harmless Seller from, and reimburse Seller for, any Losses as a result of the inaccuracy of any representation or warranty of Purchaser contained in Article III of this Agreement.
 
Section 4.3             .
Indemnification Procedures
 
(a)           As promptly as practicable, and in any event within 30 days, after Purchaser or Seller shall receive any notice of, or otherwise become aware of, the commencement of any Action, the assertion of any claim, the occurrence of any event, the existence of any fact or circumstance, or the incurrence of any Loss, for which indemnification is provided for (assuming, only for the purposes of this , that the Basket Amount was zero) by Section 4.2(a) or (b) hereof (an ), the Indemnified Partyshall give written notice (an ) to the Indemnifying Party describing in reasonable detail the Indemnification Event and the basis on which indemnification is sought.  If the Indemnifying Party is not so notified by the Indemnified Party within 30 days after the date of the receipt by the Indemnified Party of notice of, or of the Indemnified Party otherwise becoming aware of, any particular Indemnification Event, the Indemnifying Party shall be relieved of all liability hereunder in respect of such Indemnification Event (or the facts or circumstances giving rise thereto) to the extent that such Indemnifying Party is prejudiced or harmed as a consequence of such failure in any material respect (and, to such extent, all Losses resulting from such Indemnification Event shall thereafter be disregarded for purposes of determining whether the Basket Amount has been exceeded), and in any event the Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any expenses incurr ed during the period in which the Indemnified Party was overdue in giving, and had not given, such notice.
Section 4.3(a)
Indemnification Event
 
Indemnification Claim
 
(b)           If any Indemnification Event involves the claim of a third party (a ), the Indemnifying Party shall (whether or not the Indemnified Party is entitled to claim indemnification under Section 4.2(a) or (b), as the case may be) be entitled to, and the Indemnified Party shall provide the Indemnifying Party with the right to, participate in, and assume sole control over, the defense and settlement of such Third-Party Claim (with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party); , , that:  (i) the Indemnified Party shall b e entitled to participate in the defense of such Third-Party Claim and to employ counsel at its own expense to assist in the handling of such Third-Party Claim; and (ii) the Indemnifying Party shall obtain the prior written approval of the Indemnified Party before entering into any settlement of such Third-Party Claim or ceasing to defend against such Third-Party Claim if the Indemnified Party would not thereby receive from the claimant an unconditional release from all further liability in respect of such Third-Party Claim.  After written notice by the Indemnifying Party to the Indemnified Party of its election to assume control of the defense of any such Third-Party Claim, the Indemnifying Party shall not be liable hereunder to indemnify any Person for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred in connection therewith.  If the Indemnifying Party does not assume sole control over the defense or settlement of such Third-Party Claim as provided in this Section 4.3(b) withi n a reasonable period of time, or, after assuming such control, fails to defend against such Third-Party Claim (it being agreed that settlement of such Third-Party Claim does not constitute such a failure to defend), the Indemnified Party shall have the right (as to itself) to defend and, upon obtaining the written consent of the Indemnifying Party, settle the claim in such manner as it may deem appropriate, and the Indemnifying Party shall promptly reimburse the Indemnified Party therefor in accordance with (and to the extent provided in) Section 4.2(a) or (b), as appropriate.
Third-Party Claim
provided
however
 
 
12
 
 
(c)           The Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party shall each cooperate fully with the other in the defense of any Third-Party Claim pursuant to Section 4.3(b).  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each such Person shall furnish the other such Person (at the expense of the Indemnifying Party) with such documentary or other evidence as is then in its or any of its affiliates possession as may reasonably be requested by the other Person for the purpose of defending against any such Third-Party Claim.
 
Section 4.4             .  Upon payment of any amount pursuant to any Indemnification Claim, the Indemnifying Party shall be subrogated, to the extent of such payment, to all of the Indemnified Partys rights of recovery (and, if Seller is the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnified Party shall cause Seller to be subrogated to all of the rights of recovery of Purchaser and the Companies) against any third party with respect to the matters to which such Indemnification Claim relates.
Subrogation
 
Section 4.5             .  The rights and remedies of Purchaser and Seller under this Article IV are exclusive and in lieu of any and all other rights and remedies that Purchaser or Seller, as the case may be, may have against the other, under this Agreement or otherwise.  All claims for indemnification must be asserted, if at all, in good faith and in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.3(a) and, to the extent applicable to such claims, within the relevant time period set forth in Section 4.1(a).
Exclusive Remedy
 
Section 4.6             .
Other Limitations
 
(a)           If at any time subsequent to the receipt by an Indemnified Party of an indemnity payment hereunder, such Indemnified Party receives any recovery, settlement or other similar payment with respect to the Loss for which it received such indemnity payment (the ), such Indemnified Party shall promptly pay to the Indemnifying Party an amount equal to the amount of such Recovery, less any expense incurred by such Indemnified Party in connection with such Recovery, but in no event shall any such payment exceed the amount of such indemnity payment.
Recovery
 
 
13
 
 
(b)           The Indemnified Party shall use reasonable efforts to minimize and mitigate any Losses for which indemnification is sought hereunder.  Each party hereto agrees that, for so long as such party has any right of indemnification under this Article IV, it shall not voluntarily or by discretionary action, accelerate the timing or increase the cost of any obligation of any other party under this Article IV, except to the extent that such action is taken (x) for a reasonable legitimate purpose and not with a purpose of discovering a condition that would constitute a breach of any representation or warranty, covenant or agreement of any other party hereto or (y) in response to a discovery by such party, without violation of the immediately preceding clause (x), of meaningful evidence of a condition that constitutes a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of any other party hereunder.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Indemnifying Party shall not be obligated to indemnify an Indemnified Party for any Losses to the extent arising from any such voluntary or discretionary action, other than as so excepted.
 
 
 
Section 5.1             .  As promptly as is reasonably practicable after the execution of this Agreement, Purchaser shall prepare and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission proxy materials for a special meeting of its shareholders at which it will submit the Incentive Agreement for approval by its shareholders.  Such proxy material shall include the recommendation of the Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee of the Board of Directors of Purchaser in favor of such approval.  Such approval shall conform to the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code.  Promptly after the date hereof, Purchaser shall take all action necessary in accordance with the Indiana Business Corporation Law and its Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws to convene the special meeting of shareholders for the purpose of approving the Incentive Agreement.
Special Meeting of Shareholders
 
Section 5.2              .
Results of Voting; Purchase Option
 
(a)           If the Incentive Agreement is approved by shareholders of Purchaser as contemplated by Section 5.1, then no further action hereunder shall be required by Purchaser or Seller in respect of Purchasers purchase of the Shares.  If, however, the Incentive Agreement is not so approved, then Seller shall have the option, exercisable by written notice to Purchaser given within 30 days after the special meeting, to purchase the Shares for an amount equal to the sum of (i) $1.00, plus (ii) the Adjusted Capital (as defined in the Partnership Agreement) balance, if any, of Biglari Capital, in its capacity as general partner of Lion Fund, as of the date of such purchase, plus (iii) the total Incentive Reallocation (as defined in, and calculated in accordance with Section 5.02 of, the Partnership Agreement) for the period from the date hereof through the close of business on the day of such purchase (such aggregate amount as provided in clauses (ii) and (iii), the ).  If, and to the extent that, Purchaser shall have received distributions from Biglari Capital in respect of such Repurchase Date Capital Balance prior to the date of purchase, the amount to be paid to Purchaser pursuant to clauses (ii) and (iii) of this Section 5.2 is to be reduced by the amount of such prior distributions.  The closing of such purchase shall take place on a date mutually agreeable to Seller to Purchaser, but in no event later than 30 days after Sellers exercise of the option.  At the closing, Purchaser shall deliver the certificate or certificates representing the Shares, duly endorsed in blank for transfer or accompanied by a separate stock power dul y executed in blank for transfer, against payment therefor by wire transfer of immediately available funds.  Purchaser shall convey the Shares to Seller free and clear of all Liens.
Repurchase Date Capital Balance
 
 
14
 
 
(b)           In the event Seller exercises such option, Purchaser shall provide to Seller a good faith estimate of the Repurchase Date Capital Balance, which estimate shall be prepared as of the close of business on a date that is no more than three (3) business days prior to the closing date (the ).  The purchase price payable pursuant to Section 5.2(a) on such closing date shall be based on the Estimated Repurchase Date Capital Balance.
Estimated Repurchase Date Capital Balance
 
(c)           Purchaser shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Seller, within twenty (20) days after such closing date, a statement (the ) setting forth the Repurchase Date Capital Balance and showing its calculations in reasonable detail.  Seller shall have a period of ten (10) days after the date on which the Repurchase Date Capital Balance Statement is delivered to him (the ) to review the Repurchase Date Capital Balance Statement.  If Seller objects to the calculation of the Repurchase Date Capital Balance as set forth on such Rep urchase Date Capital Balance Statement, Seller shall so inform Purchaser in writing (the ) on or before the last day of the Repurchase Date Capital Balance Review Period, setting forth in reasonable detail the basis of the Repurchase Date Capital Balance Objection and the adjustments to the Repurchase Date Capital Balance that Seller believes should be made.  In the event that a Repurchase Date Capital Balance Objection is not delivered to Purchaser on or before the last day of the Repurchase Date Capital Balance Review Period, Seller shall be deemed to have agreed to the Repurchase Date Capital Balance Statement.  In the event that a Repurchase Date Capital Balance Objection is delivered to Purchaser on or before the last day of the Repurchase Date Capital Balance Review Period, Purchaser and Seller shall attempt in good fa ith to reach an agreement with respect to any matters in dispute.  If Purchaser and Seller are unable to resolve all of their differences within ten (10) days after delivery of the Repurchase Date Capital Balance Objection to Purchaser, they shall refer their remaining differences to the Accountants.  The Accountants shall, based on those items as to which Purchaser and Seller have agreed and the Accountants determination regarding those items in dispute, finally determine the Repurchase Date Capital Balance within twenty (20) days after submission of the dispute to the Accountants.  The Accountants determination shall be set forth in writing and shall be conclusive and binding upon the parties hereto, absent manifest error.  Purchaser shall pay the fees of the Accountants in connection therewith.
Repurchase Date Capital Balance Statement
Repurchase Date Capital Balance Review Period
Repurchase Date Capital Balance
Objection
 
(d)           The shall be (i) if no Repurchase Date Capital Balance Objection is sent to Purchaser prior to the end of the Repurchase Date Capital Balance Review Period, the Repurchase Date Capital Balance set forth on the Repurchase Date Capital Balance Statement delivered by Purchaser, (ii) if a Repurchase Date Capital Balance Objection is made but finally determined between Purchaser and Seller prior to referring any such dispute to the Accountants, the Repurchase Date Capital Balance so finally determined; and (iii) if a Repurchase Date Capital Balance Objection is sent to the Accountants, the Repurchase Date Capital Balance finally determined by the Accountants.
Final Repurchase Date Capital Balance
 
 
15
 
 
(e)           If the Final Repurchase Date Capital Balance is greater than the Estimated Repurchase Date Capital Balance, then Seller shall pay the amount of such excess to Purchaser within five (5) business days after the determination of the Final Repurchase Date Capital Balance.  If the Final Repurchase Date Capital Balance is less than the Estimated Repurchase Date Capital Balance, then Purchaser shall pay the amount of such difference to Seller within five (5) business days after the determination of the Final Repurchase Date Capital Balance.
 
Section 5.3             .  Following the closing of the transactions contemplated hereby, the parties hereto shall mutually agree upon an appropriate communication to be sent to the limited partners of the Lion Fund with respect to such transactions.
Communication to Limited Partners
 
 
 
Section 6.1             .  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter contained herein and supersedes all prior oral or written agreements, if any, between the parties hereto with respect to such subject matter and is not intended to confer upon any other person any rights or remedies hereunder.  Any amendments hereto or modifications hereof must be made in writing and executed by each of the parties hereto.
Entire Agreement
 
Section 6.2             .  Any failure by Seller or Purchaser to enforce any rights hereunder shall not be deemed a waiver of such rights.
Waiver
 
Section 6.3             .  This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Indiana, without giving effect to that body of law relating to choice of laws.  Any controversy, dispute or claim between the parties relating to this Agreement shall be resolved by binding arbitration in Indiana, in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association.
Governing Law and Arbitration
 
Section 6.4             .  This Agreement and the various rights and obligations arising hereunder shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon Seller and Purchaser and their respective successors and assigns.
Binding Effect; Assignment
 
Section 6.5              .  All costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such costs and expenses.
Expenses
 
 
16
 
 
Section 6.6              .  The headings or captions contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
Headings
 
Section 6.7             .  This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
Counterparts
 
Section 6.8             .  Any notice hereunder by either party to the other shall be given in writing by personal delivery, or certified mail, return receipt requested, or overnight courier, or facsimile, in any case delivered to the applicable address set forth below:
Notice
 
(a)           To Purchaser:
 
Biglari Holdings Inc.
175 East Houston Street, Suite 1300
San Antonio, Texas  78205
Attention:  Chief Financial Officer
                     
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors
Facsimile:    (317) 633-4105
(b)           To Seller:
 
Sardar Biglari
9311 San Pedro Avenue, Suite 1440
San Antonio, Texas  78216
Facsimile:     (210) 344-3411
or to such other persons or other addresses as either party may specify to the other in writing.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given upon receipt.
 
 
 
17
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed on the day and year first above written.
 
 
18
 
 
 
1.           For purposes of the Agreement to which this is attached, the following terms shall have the respective meanings specified below.
Exhibit A
 
means an action, arbitration, audit, hearing, investigation, suit or proceeding, at law or in equity.
Action
 
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
Code
 
means generally accepted United States accounting principles, consistently applied and consistent with past practice.
GAAP
 
means solid waste disposal, toxic substances, hazardous substances, hazardous materials, hazardous waste, toxic chemicals, pollutants and contaminants.
Hazardous Material
 
means trademarks, trade names, service marks, domain names, patents, copyrights, applications therefor and licenses or other rights in respect thereof.
Intellectual Property
 
of any Person means the actual knowledge of such Person without investigation.
Knowledge
 
means any lien, pledge, mortgage, security interest or encumbrance.
Lien
 
means all losses, damages, liabilities and claims, and fees, costs and expenses related thereto.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Agreement:  (a) Losses shall not include lost profits or consequential, incidental, special, indirect or punitive damages and no multiple of profits or multiple of cash flow or similar valuation methodology shall be used in calculating the amount of any Losses; and (b) the amount of any Losses under Article IV shall be determined:  (i) on a Net After-Tax Basis; and (ii) net of any amounts recovered or recoverable by the Indemnified Party under any contract with a third party or under any insurance policies, indemnities or other reimbursement arrange ments with respect to such Losses.
Losses
 
means any event, circumstance, change in or effect, individually or in the aggregate, is or is reasonably likely to be materially adverse to the results of operations or the financial condition of an entity or entities, as applicable; provided, however, that none of the following or the results thereof, either alone or in combination, shall be considered in determining whether there has been a Material Adverse Effect:  (a) events, circumstances, changes or effects that generally affect the industries in which the entity or entities operate (including legal and regulatory changes), (b) any change or modification in law or interpretation thereof, (c) general economic or political conditions or events, circumstances, chan ges or effects affecting the securities markets generally, (d) changes in GAAP after the date of this Agreement, (f) changes arising from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by, or the announcement of this Agreement, (g) any circumstance, change or effect that results from any action taken pursuant to or in accordance with this Agreement or at request of Purchaser or (h) changes caused by a material worsening of current conditions caused by acts of terrorism or war (whether or not declared) occurring after the date of this Agreement.
Material Adverse Effect
 
 
A-1
 
 
means, with respect to the calculation of any indemnification payment owed to any party pursuant to the Agreement, calculation thereof in a manner taking into account any Taxes owing by the Indemnified Party as a result of receipt or accrual of the indemnity payment and any savings in Taxes realized or reasonably realizable by the Indemnified Party as a result of the indemnified liability.
Net After-Tax Basis
 
means all licenses, permits, orders, consents, approvals, registrations, authorizations, qualifications and filings which are required to be made with or required under all applicable laws.
Permits
 
means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint stock company, trust (including any beneficiary thereof), unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof.
Person
 
means all taxes, charges, fees, levies or other assessments, including, without limitation, income, gross receipts, excise, property, sales, use, license, payroll and franchise taxes, imposed by the United States, or any state, local or foreign government or subdivision or agency thereof whether computed on a unitary, combined or any other basis; and such term shall include any interest and penalties or additions to tax.
Taxes
 
means any return, declaration, report, claim for refund, or information return or statement relating to Taxes, including any schedule or attachment thereto, and including any amendment thereof.
Tax Returns
 
2.           The following terms are defined in the sections of the Agreement indicated:
 
 
 
A-2
 
 
 
 
A-3
 

Exhibit 10.2
 
 
THIS INCENTIVE BONUS AGREEMENT (the ), dated this 30th day of April, 2010, by and between BIGLARI HOLDINGS INC., an Indiana corporation (),and SARDAR BIGLARI ().
Agreement
Company
 
Executive
 
 
WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to enter into this Incentive Bonus Agreement to define and set forth the terms and conditions of certain compensation to be paid to Executive by Company;
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth below, it is hereby covenanted and agreed by Company and Executive as follows:
 
.  Executive is currently the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Company.  The terms and provisions of this Agreement shall apply during the term of employment of Executive with Company and for such periods after such term of employment as provided herein.  Executives employment with Company is at-will and nothing contained herein shall be deemed to create any other employment relationship between Company and Executive.
1.
 
   
Employment
 
.  Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, Company shall pay and provide the following compensation to Executive (together with Executives annual base salary, the ):
2.
 
   
Compensation and Other Benefits
Cash Compensation
 
(a)
 
   
 
Incentive Compensation
.
 
(i)
 
  
 
Company shall pay to Executive, determined as of the last day of each fiscal year of Company (including any fiscal year in which any of the events set forth in Section 4(a) occur) (), incentive compensation equal to the Incentive Compensation Amount (as defined below) as of such Incentive Compensation Calculation Date; , , that no duplicate Incentive Compensation Amount shall be paid to Executive in any fiscal year.  The Incentive Compensation Amount shall be paid to Executive as promptly as practicable after each Incentive Compensation Calculation Date, and in no event later than 75 days thereafter (the ), subject to Section 6(c).  The means the amount computed (subject to proration with respect to any fiscal year during the term of this Agreement in which any of the events set forth in Section 4(a) occurs, determined based on the date of such event) using the following formula where x equals 1.05 (subject to proration for the 2010 fiscal year and any short fiscal year during the term of this Agreement) and n equals the number of years between the most recent Incentive Compensation Calculation Date and the Incentive Compensation Calculation Date on which the High Water Mark was achieved:
Incentive Compensation Calculation Date
provi ded
however
Payment Date
Incentive Compensation Amount
 
 
equals the amount of Total Shareholders Equity as set forth in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position of the Company, prepared in accordance with the accounting principles adopted by Company (as set forth in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the applicable fiscal year), as of the applicable Incentive Compensation Calculation Date.  Book Value as of the applicable Incentive Compensation Calculation Date shall be determined by reference to the consolidated net income and other comprehensive income of the C ompany, and appropriate adjustments to such Book Value shall be made for any dividends, shares issuances or buybacks and other factors in accordance with hereto (but Book Value for the next succeeding Incentive Compensation Calculation Date shall not reflect such prior adjustments).  The computations and procedures required to calculate Book Value, including without limitation, any accounting procedures used to implement any adjustments, allocations and other matters, shall be made in such reasonable manner as the Company in good faith shall determine to be appropriate and in accordance with hereto, and shall be subject to the approval of the Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee (the ) of the Board of Directors of the Company (the ).
(ii)
   
 
Book Value
Exhibit A
Exhibit A
Committee
Board
 
 
 
 
 
equals the Book Value as the most recent Incentive Compensation Calculation Date.
(iii)
   
 
New Book Value
 
equals the highest Book Value after reduction for the Incentive Compensation Amount then paid, as of any preceding Incentive Compensation Calculation Date (but without giving effect to any adjustments made with respect to such Incentive Compensation Calculation Date).  In the case of the first Incentive Compensation Calculation Date, such High Water Mark shall mean the Book Value as of July 7, 2010.
(iv)
   
 
High Water Mark
 
(b)
   
 
New Book Value and the Incentive Compensation Amount with respect to each Incentive Compensation Calculation Date shall be determined by the Chief Financial Officer of Company in accordance with Section 2(a) and shall be subject to the approval of the Committee.  Company shall deliver to Executive, following approval by the Committee and within forty-five (45) days after the applicable Incentive Compensation Calculation Date, a statement (the ) setting forth the New Book Value and Incentive Compensation Amount with respect to such Incentive Compensation Calculation Date and showing its calculations in reasonable detail.  Executive shall have a period of ten (10) days after the date on which the Incentive Compensation Statement is delivered to him (the ) to review the Incentive Compensation Statement, during which period Executive shall have access to the relevant books and records of Company.  If Executive objects to the calculation of the New Book Value or the Incentive Compensation Amount as set forth on such Incentive Compensation Statement, Executive shall so inform Company in writing (the ) on or before the last day of the Incentive Compensation Review Period, setting forth in reasonable detail the basis of the Incent ive Compensation Objection and the adjustments to New Book Value and/or the Incentive Compensation Amount which Executive believes should be made.  In the event that an Incentive Compensation Objection is not delivered to Company on or before the last day of the Incentive Compensation Review Period, Executive shall be deemed to have agreed to the Incentive Compensation Statement.  In the event that an Incentive Compensation Objection is delivered to Company on or before the last day of the Incentive Compensation Review Period, Company, through the Committee, and Executive shall attempt in good faith to reach an agreement with respect to any matters in dispute.  If Company and Executive are unable to resolve all of their differences within five (5) days after delivery of the Incentive Compensation Objection to Company, they shall refer their remaining differences to a nationally recognized independent public accounting firm mutually agreed upon by the Committee and Executive, whi ch may be Companys independent registered public accounting firm (the ).  The Accountants shall, based on those items as to which Company and Executive have agreed and the Accountants determination regarding those items in dispute, make a recommendation as to the New Book Value and Incentive Compensation Amount with respect to the applicable Incentive Compensation Calculation Date within fifteen (15) days after submission of the dispute to the Accountants, but in no event later than two (2) business days prior to the Payment Date.  The Accountants determination shall be set forth in writing.  Company shall pay the fees of the Accountants in connection therewith.  The Committee shall consider the recommendation of the Accountants, but the Committees final determination shall be conclusive and binding upon the parties hereto.
Incentive Compensation Statement
Incentive Compensation Review Period
Incentive Compensation Objection
Accountants
 
 
2
 
 
.  Executive shall use an amount equal to 30% of the amount payable to Executive pursuant to Section 2 hereof (such amounts payable pursuant to Section 2, ), without regard to any taxes that may be withheld pursuant to Section 6(c) hereof, to purchase shares of Companys common stock (the ).  Executive shall purchase the Shares on the open market within 1 20 calendar days of receipt of any Incentive Payments, provided that if the Executive is restricted from buying the Shares for at least 90 calendar days of such 120 calendar days pursuant to Companys insider trading policy, Executive will use his reasonable best efforts to purchase the Shares as promptly thereafter as practicable, subject to any restrictions imposed by Companys insider trading policy. Executive shall be required to hold the Shares for a minimum of three (3) years from the date of purchase, unless one of the events set forth in Section 4(a) occurs.  Executive shall notify Company upon his purchase of any Shares pursuant to this provision.  The Committee and Executive shall work together in good faith to establish appropriate procedures to implement and monitor compliance with the provisions of this Section 3, which may include, without limitation, placing stop transfer instructions with respect to such Shares or holding such Shares in a custodial account.
3.
   
 
Purchase of Company Stock
Incentive Payments
Shares
 
.
4.
   
 
Purchase Option
 
If, on or prior to the third anniversary of this Agreement (the ), (i) there is a Change in Control (as defined below), (ii) Executive is terminated by Company without Cause (as defined below) or (iii) Executive resigns from his employment with Company for Good Reason (as defined below), Executive shall have the option, exercisable by written notice to Company given within 30 days after the occurrence of any such event, to purchase Biglari Capital Corp. from Company for a purchase price (the ) equal to the sum of (x) the Adjusted Capital (as defined in the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership, dated as of July 1, 2002, of The Lion Fund, L.P., as the same may be amended (the )) balance, if any, of Biglari Capital Corp., in its capacity as general partner of The Lion Fund, L.P., as of the Purchase Option Closing Date (as defined below), plus (y) the total Incentive Reallocation (as defined in, and calculated in accordance with Section 5.02 of, the Partnership Agreement) for the period from January 1 of the year in which such event occurs through the close of business on the Purchase Option Closing Date (the ).  If, and to the extent that, Company shall have received distributions from Biglari Capital Corp. in resp ect of such Adjusted Capital balance or Incentive Reallocation prior to the date of purchase, the amount to be paid to Company pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence is to be reduced by the amount of such prior distributions.  The closing of such purchase shall take place on a date mutually agreeable to Company and Executive, but in no event later than 30 days after Executives exercise of the Purchase Option (the ).  On the Purchase Option Closing Date, Company shall deliver the certificate or certificates representing the shares of capital stock of Biglari Capital Corp., duly endorsed in blank for transfer or accompanied by a separate stock power duly executed in blank for transfer, against payment therefor by wire transfer of immediately available funds.  Company shall convey such shares to Executive free and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances.
(a)
   
 
Option Expiration Date
Purchase Option Price
Partnership Agreement
Purchase Option
Purchase Option Closing Date
 
 
3
 
 
 means (i) the consummation of a merger or consolidation of Company with or into another entity or any other corporate reorganization, if more than 50% of the combined voting power of the continuing or surviving entitys issued shares or securities outstanding immediately after such merger, consolidation or other reorganization is owned, directly or indirectly, by persons who were not shareholders of Company immediately prior to such merger, consolidation or other reorganization; (ii) the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or sub stantially all of Companys assets; (iii) the replacement of a majority of the Board over a two-year period from the directors who constituted the Board at the beginning of such period, and such replacement shall not have been approved by a vote of at least a majority of the Board then still in office who either were members of the Board at the beginning of such period or whose election as a member of the Board was previously so approved; (iv) any transaction as a result of which any person, other than Executive or his affiliates, is the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), directly or indirectly, of securities of Company representing at least 50% of the total voting power represented by Companys then outstanding voting securities.
(b)
   
 
Change in Control
 
means (i) Executive is convicted of a felony involving moral turpitude or (ii) Executive is guilty of willful gross neglect or willful gross misconduct in carrying out his duties, resulting, in either case, in material economic harm to Company.
(c)
   
 
Cause
 
means the occurrence of any of the following without Executives prior written consent: (i) a material reduction in Executives salary unless such reduction is in connection with a company-wide reduction in officers salaries; (ii) a material diminution in Executives duties, or the assignment to Executive of duties materially inconsistent with his authority, responsibilities and reporting requirements; (iii) the failure of the Board or a committee thereof to nominate Executive for election to the Board, Chairman of the Boar d and Chief Executive Officer, (iv) Company or the Board requires Executive to relocate his principal place of employment to a location other than San Antonio, Texas unless such relocation is temporary or the result of exigent circumstances; (v) the failure of Company to obtain the assumption in writing of its obligations to perform this Agreement by any successor to all or substantially all of the business or assets of Company not later than the effective date of such transaction; or (vi) a material breach of this Agreement by Company.  In the event that Executive elects to terminate his employment for Good Reason, he shall notify Company in writing of the grounds for such termination within thirty (30) calendar days of the commencement of such condition and Company shall have thirty (30) calendar days from receipt of such notice to cure such condition.
(d)
   
 
Good Reason
 
In the event Executive exercises the Purchase Option, Company shall provide to Executive a good faith estimate of the Purchase Option Price, which estimate shall be prepared as of the close of business on a date that is no more than three (3) business days prior to the Purchase Option Closing Date (the ).  The purchase price payable on the Purchase Option Closing Date shall be based on the Estimated Purchase Option Price.
(e)
   
 
Estimated Purchase Option Price
 
 
4
 
 
Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Executive, within twenty (20) days after the Purchase Option Closing Date, a statement (the ) setting forth the Purchase Option Price and showing its calculations in reasonable detail.  Executive shall have a period of ten (10) days after the date on which the Purchase Option Statement is delivered to him (the ) to review the Purchase Option Statement, during which period Executive shall have access to the relevant books and records of Company.  If Executive objects to the calculation of the Purchase Option Price as set forth on such Purchase Option Statement, Executive shall so inform Company in writing (the ) on or before the last day of the Purchase Option Review Period, setting forth in reasonable detail the basis of the Purchase Option Objection and the adjustments to the Purchase Option Price which Executive believes should be made.  In the event that a Purchase Option Objection is not delivered to Company on or before the last day of the Purchase Option Review Period, Executive shall be deemed to have agreed to the Purchase Option Statement.  In the event that a Purchase Option Objection is delivered to Company on or before the last day of the Purchase Option Review Period, Company and Executive shall attempt in good faith to reach an agreement with respect to any matters in dispute.  If Company and Executive are unable to resolve all of their differences within ten (10) days after delivery of the Purchase Option Objection to Company, they shall refer their remaining differences to the Accountants.  The Accountants shall, based on those items as to which Company and Executive have agreed and the Accountants determination regarding those items in dispute, finally determine the Purchase Option Price within twenty (20) days after submission of the dispute to the Accountants.  The Accountants determination shall be set forth in writing and shall be conclusive and binding upon the parties hereto, absent manifest error.  Company shall pay the fees of the Accountants in connection therewith.
(f)
   
 
Purchase Option
Statement
Purchase Option Review Period
Purchase Option Objection
 
The shall be (i) if no Purchase Option Objection is sent to Company prior to the end of the Purchase Option Review Period, the Purchase Option Price set forth on the Purchase Option Statement delivered by Company, (ii) if a Purchase Option Objection is made but finally determined between Company and Executive prior to referring any such dispute to the Accountants, the Purchase Option Price so finally determined; and (iii) if a Purchase Option Objection is sent to the Accountants, the Purchase Option Price finally determined by the A ccountants.
(g)
   
 
Final Purchase Option Price
 
If the Final Purchase Option Price is greater than the Estimated Purchase Option Price, then Executive shall pay the amount of such excess to Company within five (5) business days after the determination of the Final Purchase Option Price.  If the Final Purchase Option Price is less than the Estimated Purchase Option Price, then Company shall pay the amount of such difference to Executive within five (5) business days after the determination of the Final Purchase Option Price.
(h)
   
 
 
 
5
 
 
.
5.
   
 
Severance Payment
 
If the Purchase Option is not exercised by Executive pursuant to Section 4 on or prior to, and expires on, the Option Expiration Date, then, upon the occurrence of any of the events set forth in Section 4(a), Executive will be entitled to receive a payment (the ) equal to 299% of the average annual Cash Compensation paid to Executive since the date of this Agreement, payable sixty (60) days after the occurrence of such event (the ).  Notwithst anding the foregoing, if all or any portion of the Severance Payment, either alone or together with other payments and benefits which Executive receives or is then entitled to receive from Company or otherwise, would constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the ) (or a similar or successor provision), Company shall reduce such Severance Payment hereunder to the extent necessary so that no portion of the Severance Payment shall be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (or a similar or successor provision).  In no event shall Executive be entitled to receive more than one Severance Payment hereunder.
(a)
   
 
Severance Payment
Severance Payment Date
Code
 
(b)
   
 
The determination of whether the Severance Payment shall be reduced as provided in Section 5(a) and the amount of any such reduction (the ) shall be made by the Chief Financial Officer of Company and shall be subject to the approval of the Committee.  Company shall deliver to Executive, following approval by the Committee and within ten (10) days after the occurrence of any of the events set forth in Section 4(a) entitling Executive to receive the Severance Payment, a statement (the ) setting forth the Severance Payment Reduction and its determination thereof in reasonable detail.  Executive shall have a period of ten (10) days after the date on which the Severance Payment Statement is delivered to him (the ) to review the Severance Payment Statement, during which period Executive shall have access to the relevant books and records of Company.  If Executive objects to the Severance Payment Reduction or the calculation thereof as set forth on such Severance Payment Statement, Executive shall so inform Company in writing (the ) on or before the last day of the Severance Payment Review Period, setting forth in reasonable detail the basis of the Severance Payment Objection.  In the event that a Severance Payment Objection is not delivered to Company on or before the last day of the Severance Payment Review Period, Executive shall be deemed to have agreed to the Severance Payment Statement.  In the event that a Severance Payment Objection is delivered to Company on or before the last day of the Severance Payment Review Period, Company, through the Committee, and Executive shall attempt in good faith to reach an agreement with respect to any matters in dispute.  If Company and Executive are unable to resolve all of their differences within ten (10) days after delivery of the Severance Payment Objection to Company, they shall refer their remaining differences to the Accountants.  The Accountants shall, based on those items as to which Company and Executive have agreed and the Accountants determination regarding those items in dispute, make a recommendation as to the Severance Payment Reduction, if any, wit hin twenty (20) days after submission of the dispute to the Accountants, but in no event later than two (2) business days prior to the Severance Payment Date.  The Accountants determination shall be set forth in writing.  Company shall pay the fees of the Accountants in connection therewith.  The Committee shall consider the recommendation of the Accountants, but the Committees final determination shall be conclusive and binding upon the parties hereto.
Severance Payment Reduction
Severance Payment Statement
Severance Payment Review Period
Severance Payment Objection
 
 
6
 
 
.
6.
   
 
General Provisions
 
.  Executive covenants and agrees that he shall not be entitled to the Severance Payment unless Executive unconditionally releases, within sixty (60) days after the date of the event giving rise to payment of the Severance Payment, Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, employees and stockholders, or any of them, from any and all claims, liabilities or obligations under any severance or termination arrangements of Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates.
(a)
   
 
Release
 
.  No Incentive Payments under this Agreement shall be made to Executive prior to the approval of this Agreement in a separate vote by a majority vote of Companys shareholders in accordance with the procedures set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.162-27(e)(4).  In the event that shareholder approval is not obtained at the first meeting of shareholders at which approval of this Agreement is submitted for shareholder approval, this Agreement shall terminate immediately and be of no further force or effect.  I t is the express intention of the parties that Incentive Payments to be made to Executive constitute qualified performance based compensation for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Code.  This Agreement is intended to comply with the requirements of Treasury Regulations Section 1.162-27 and shall be interpreted and administered in accordance therewith.
(b)
   
 
Shareholder Vote
 
.  All amounts paid to Executive hereunder shall be subject to all applicable federal, state and local wage withholding.  This Agreement is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code () and shall in all respects be administered in accordance with 409A.  All payments not otherwise exempt from 409A which are to be made after a termination of employment under this Agreement may only be made after a separa tion from service under 409A.  If upon Executives separation from service (within the meaning of 409A) from Company, Executive is then a specified employee (as defined by and determined in accordance with 409A), then solely to the extent necessary to comply with 409A and avoid the imposition of taxes under 409A, Company shall defer payment of nonqualified deferred compensation, subject to 409A, which is payable as a result of and would otherwise be paid within six (6) months following such separation from service, until the earlier of (a) the first business day of the seventh month after Executives separation from service, or (b) ten (10) days after Company receives written notice of Executives death.  All such delayed payments shall be paid in a lump sum without accrual of interest.  To the extent permissible by law, each payment and each installment described in this Agreement shall be considered a separate payment from each other payment or installment for purposes of 409A.
(c)
   
 
Tax Withholding; Section 409A
409A
 
.  Any notice hereunder by either party to the other shall be given in writing by personal delivery, or certified mail, return receipt requested, or overnight courier, or facsimile, in any case delivered to the applicable address set forth below:
(d)
   
 
Notices
 
To Company:
(i)
 
 
Biglari Holdings Inc.
175 East Houston Street, Suite 1300
San Antonio, Texas  78205
Attention:   Chief Financial Officer
                                                                    
Chairman of Governance, Compensation and
                                                                     Nominating Committee
Facsimile:    (317) 633-4105
 
 
7
 
 
To Executive:
(ii)
 
 
Sardar Biglari
9311 San Pedro Avenue, Suite 1440
San Antonio, Texas  78216
Facsimile:    (210) 344-3411
 
or to such other persons or other addresses as either party may specify to the other in writing.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given upon receipt.
 
.  Company represents that (i) the execution of this Agreement and the provisions herein have been duly authorized by Company, including, where necessary, by the Board and the Committee, (ii) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement does not violate any law, regulation, order, decree, agreement, plan or corporate governance document of or applicable to Company, and (iii) upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement, it shall be the valid and binding obligation of Company enforceable in accordance with its ter ms.
(e)
   
 
Representation by Company
 
.  No right, benefit or interest hereunder shall be subject to assignment, encumbrance, charge, pledge, hypothecation or setoff by Executive in respect of any claim, debt, obligation or similar process, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution.  This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executives legal personal representatives.  This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of Company, its successors and assigns.  Compan y will require any successor or assign (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation, operation of law or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business or assets of Company to assume expressly and to agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that Company would be required to perform it if no such succession or assignment had taken place.  The term Company as used herein shall include any such successors and assigns.
(f)
   
 
Assignment; Assumption of Agreement
 
.  No provision of this Agreement may be amended, modified, waived or discharged unless such amendment, modification, waiver or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by the parties hereto.  No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto of, or compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time.
(g)
   
 
Amendment
 
.  If any term or provision hereof is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in a final court or arbitration proceeding, (i) the remaining terms and provisions hereof shall be unimpaired and (ii) the invalid or unenforceable term or provision shall be deemed replaced by a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision.
(h)
   
 
Severability
 
 
8
 
 
.  This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Indiana, without giving effect to that body of law relating to choice of laws.  Any controversy, dispute or claim between the parties relating to this Agreement shall be resolved by binding arbitration in Indiana, in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association.
(i)
   
 
Governing Law and Arbitration
 
.  This Agreement contains the entire agreement of Executive, Company and any predecessors or affiliates thereof with respect to the subject matter hereof and all prior agreements, term sheets, understandings and arrangements, oral or written, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof are superseded hereby.
(j)
   
 
Entire Agreement
 
.  This Agreement may be executed by the parties hereto in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but both such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same document.
(k)
   
 
Counterparts
 
 
9
 
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement effective as of the day and year first written above.
 
 
 
 
10
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20100510114508.txt.gz
TIME:20100510114508
EVENTS:	Other Events
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
 
On May 7, 2010, our Company issued a press release informing shareholders that it has no involvement with the proxy contest with Dennys Corporation and that both Dennys and the opposing group are disseminating misinformation about our Company and its subsidiaries. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
BIGLARI HOLDINGS INC.
Duane E. Geiger
Interim Chief Financial Officer
Dated: May 10, 2010
 
 
 
 

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                                                                                                                     May 7, 2010
 
San Antonio, TX (NYSE: BH)Biglari Holdings Inc. wishes to apprise its shareholders as well as Dennys stockholders that we have absolutely no involvement in Dennys Corporation (NASDAQ: DENN). Without our approval, both parties references to our company, including its subsidiaries, contain misinformation. However, we do not intend to correct any of these errors.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20100521171002.txt.gz
TIME:20100521171002
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
On May 21, 2010, Biglari Holdings Inc. (the Company) issued a Press Release announcing its financial results for its second fiscal quarter, which ended April 14, 2010.  The Companys Press Release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 and the information set forth is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of this report.
The information being furnished in this report (including Exhibit 99.1) is furnished pursuant to Item 2.02 of Form 8-K and shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and unless expressly set forth by specific reference in such filings, shall not be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
BIGLARI HOLDINGS INC.
Duane E. Geiger
Interim Chief Financial Officer
Dated: May 21, 2010
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
San Antonio, TX, May 21  Biglari Holdings Inc. (NYSE: BH) announces
its :
fiscal second quarter 2010 results
Biglari Holdings Inc.s operating results for the sixteen and the twenty-eight weeks, which ended April 14, 2010, are summarized below.  To become apprised fully of our results, shareholders should carefully study our 10-Q, which has been posted at .
www.biglariholdings.com
(Amounts in $000s, except share and per share data)
 
 
Net earnings for fiscal second quarter 2010 were $5.5 million, or $3.84 per diluted share, as contrasted with net earnings for the second quarter of fiscal year 2009 of $2.3 million, or $1.58 per diluted share. In the current quarter, net revenues increased 4.7% from $189 million to $197.8 millionYear-to-date net revenues increased 8% from $320.7 million to $346.3 million.
.
 
 
 
 
About Biglari Holdings Inc.
 
Biglari Holdings Inc. is a holding company engaged in a number of diverse business activities. The most important operating subsidiaries are engaged in investment management and the franchising and operating of restaurants.
The companys long-term objective is to maximize its per-share intrinsic value. Strategically, the holding company reinvests cash generated from its operating subsidiaries into investments whose purpose is to achieve high risk-adjusted returns. All investment and other capital allocation decisions are made by Sardar Biglari, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, on behalf of the company.
Comment on Regulation G
This press release contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. In addition to the GAAP presentations of net earnings, Biglari Holdings defines pre-tax operating earnings exclusive of investment gains/losses and income taxes but inclusive of noncontrolling interest.
Risks Associated with Forward-Looking Statements
This news release may include "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other federal securities laws. These statements which may concern anticipated future results are based on current expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ markedly from those projected or discussed here. Biglari Holdings cautions readers not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, for actual results may differ materially from expectations. Biglari Holdings does not update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements even if experience or future changes make it clear that any projected results expressed or implied therein will not be realized. Further information on the types of factors that could affect Biglari Holdings and its business can be found in the company's filings with the SEC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20100813191704.txt.gz
TIME:20100813191704
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02.                      Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
 
On August 13, 2010, Biglari Holdings Inc. (the Company) issued a Press Release announcing its financial results for its third fiscal quarter, which ended July 7, 2010.  The Companys Press Release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of this report.
 
The information in this Current Report, including the exhibit attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed  filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of such section.  The information in this Current Report, including the exhibit, shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any incorporation by reference language in any such filing, unless the Company expressly sets forth in such future filing that such information is to be considered filed or incorporated by reference therein.
 
Item 9.01                      Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
(d) Exhibits.
 
 
 
 
 
 
SIGNATURE
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
San Antonio, TX, August 13  Biglari Holdings Inc. (NYSE: BH) announces its fiscalthird quarter 2010 results:
 
Biglari Holdings Inc.s operating results for the twelve and the forty weeks, which ended July 7, 2010, are summarized below.  To become apprised fully of our results, shareholders should carefully study our 10-Q, which has been posted at .
www.biglariholdings.com
(Amounts in $000s, except share and per share data)
 
 
 
Net earnings for the fiscal third quarter 2010 were $8.7 million, or $6.23 per diluted share, as contrasted with net earnings for the third quarter of fiscal year 2009 of $3.8 million, or $2.65 per diluted share. In the current quarter, net revenues increased 10.4% from $146.3 million to $161.5 millionYear-to-date net revenues increased 8.7% from $467.1 million to $507.9 million.
.
:
Analysis of Results
Revenues increased because of the acquisition of Western Sizzlin Corp. as well as the performance of Steak n Shake Operations Inc. Steak n Shakes comparable sales of company-owned units increased 7.5%, progress driven by an increase of 9.6% in customer traffic.
Net earnings were impacted because of realized investment gains in the third quarter and year-to-date.  The amount may fluctuate from period to period and therefore predictive value is absent. Thus, we encourage investors to analyze our business performance before they interpret the impact of realized gains.
 
 
 
 
Financial results are also affected by accounting requirements to consolidate investment limited partnerships controlled by the Company. Therefore, the Company must consolidate all the partnerships assets and liabilities even though outside limited partners own the majority of these partnerships with the Company as a minority investor. Included in the investment portfolios of these partnerships are investments in Biglari Holdings common stock, classified as treasury stock in the Companys consolidated financial statements. As a consequence, in our view, the consolidation of affiliated limited partnerships distorts the Companys financial position. Thus, we urge investors to analyze the Companys performance and financial position before considering the impact of the consolidated affiliated partnerships.  T he exception to the previous statement, in our view, is the computation of the weighted average common shares outstanding, which decreased from 1,433,150 to 1,395,015 as a result of the Companys percentage ownership in the consolidated affiliated partnerships.  The shares of Biglari Holdings common stock held by the consolidated affiliated partnerships that are attributable to the unrelated limited partners - based on their ownership during the period - are considered outstanding shares.
 
 
About Biglari Holdings Inc.
Biglari Holdings Inc. is a holding company engaged in a number of diverse business activities. The most important operating subsidiaries are involved in investment management and the franchising and operating of restaurants.
The Companys long-term objective is to maximize its intrinsic value on a per share basis. Strategically, the holding company reinvests cash generated from its operating subsidiaries into investments whose purpose is to achieve high risk-adjusted returns. All major operating, investment, and capital allocation decisions are made by Sardar Biglari, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, on behalf of the Company and its main operating subsidiaries.
Comment on Regulation G
This press release contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. In addition to the GAAP presentations of net earnings, Biglari Holdings defines pre-tax operating earnings outside of the investment gains/losses of the Company and its consolidated affiliated partnerships.
Risks Associated with Forward-Looking Statements
This news release may include "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other federal securities laws. These statements which may concern anticipated future results are based on current expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ markedly from those projected or discussed here. Biglari Holdings cautions readers not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, for actual results may differ materially from expectations. Biglari Holdings does not update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements even if experience or future changes make it clear that any projected results expressed or implied therein will not be realized. Further information on the types of factors that could affec t Biglari Holdings and its business can be found in the company's filings with the SEC.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20101021202915.txt.gz
TIME:20101021202915
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
 
On October 20, 2010, the Board of Directors (the Board) of Biglari Holdings Inc. (the Company) increased the size of the Board from five to six members and elected Kenneth R. Cooper as a director of the Company to fill the resulting vacancy.  The Board also appointed Mr. Cooper to serve on each of the Audit Committee and the Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee of the Board.
 
Mr. Cooper, age 65, has been engaged in the private practice of law in San Antonio, Texas since 1974. He served as a director of Western Sizzlin Corporation (Western Sizzlin) from February 2007 until Western Sizzlin was acquired by the Company in March 2010.
 
There is no arrangement or understanding between Mr. Cooper and any other person pursuant to which he was elected as a director of the Company. There are no transactions in which Mr. Cooper has an interest requiring disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  Mr. Cooper will receive compensation for his service as a member of the Board in accordance with the Companys standard compensation arrangements for non-employee directors, which are summarized in the Companys Definitive Proxy Statement for its 2010 annual meeting of shareholders, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 8, 2010.
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20101109172118.txt.gz
TIME:20101109172118
EVENTS:	Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
TEXT:
ITEM: Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
1
 
 
 
On November 5, 2010, Biglari Holdings Inc. (the Company) held a special meeting of shareholders (the Special Meeting) for the purpose of (i) approving, for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, an Amended and Restated Incentive Bonus Agreement between the Company and Sardar Biglari, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the Incentive Agreement), with the intent of preserving the tax deductibility to the Company of the compensation payable thereunder, and (ii) considering and acting upon one People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals shareholder proposal (the PETA Proposal), if properly presented at the Special Meeting.  The total number of shares of common stock, stated value $0.50 per share, of the Company voted in person or by proxy at the Special Meeting was 1,140,131, representing approximately 79.5% of the 1,433,553 shares outstanding and entitled to vote at the Special Meeting.
 
The number of votes cast for or against, as well as abstentions, with respect to each matter is set forth below.  There were no broker non-votes with respect to any matter voted upon at the Special Meeting.
 
Approval of theIncentive Agreement:
Proposal 1.  
 
 
 
Approval of the PETA Proposal:
Proposal 2.  
 
 
 
 
2
 
 
SIGNATURE
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
 
 
3
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20101213065723.txt.gz
TIME:20101213065723
EVENTS:	Regulation FD Disclosure
TEXT:
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On December 11, 2010, Biglari Holdings Inc. (the Company) issued a Press Release announcing the Companys 2010 Annual Report to the shareholders has been posted on the internet, where it can be accessed at . The report includes Sardar Biglaris annual letter to shareholders.
www.biglariholdings.com
 
 
 
 
 
SIGNATURE
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20101228210929.txt.gz
TIME:20101228210929
EVENTS:	Other Events
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
x
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
 
Biglari Holdings Inc.s (the Company) 2011 annual meeting of shareholders (the Annual Meeting) is currently scheduled to be held on April 7, 2011 in New York City. The Company expects the matters to be voted on at the Annual Meeting to include:  (1) the election of directors; (2) a proposal to create two classes of common stock of the Company; (3) the say-on-pay and frequency of say-on-pay votes required under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act; and (4) the ratification of the Companys auditors. 
 
The proposal to divide the Companys common stock into two classes would stipulate that the existing common stock be re-designated as Class A Common Stock, whose rights, powers and privileges would remain the same, except as described in the remainder of this paragraph.  The proposal would create a new class of non-voting, non-convertible Class B Common Stock.  It is further anticipated that the Class A Common Stock would be convertible into as few as 20 and as many as 50 shares of the Class B Common Stock.  The full terms of the Class A and Class B Common Stock will be described in the proxy statement accompanying the Annual Meeting. These terms are subject to the approval of the Companys stockholders and the New York Stock Exchange.
 
Important Information Concerning the Proxy Solicitation
 
The Company intends to file a preliminary proxy statement (as it may be amended or supplemented, the Proxy Statement) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) relating to the solicitation of proxies in connection with the Annual Meeting.
 
The Company strongly advises all shareholders to read the Proxy Statement when it becomes available because it will contain important information.  The Proxy Statement will be available at no charge on the SECs web site at http://www.sec.gov.  In addition, the Company will provide copies of the definitive Proxy Statement, when it becomes available, without charge, upon request.  Requests for copies should be directed to the Companys proxy solicitor, Morrow & Co., LLC, toll-free at (800) 607-0088, banks and brokerage firms call (203) 658-9400.
 
The participants in the proxy solicitation are anticipated to be the Company, together with its directors and executive officers named in the Proxy Statement (collectively, the Participants).  Shareholders may obtain information regarding the Participants direct or indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, in the Company by referring to the Proxy Statement when it becomes available.
 
 
 
 
 
SIGNATURE
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
2


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20110128170644.txt.gz
TIME:20110128170644
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
 
On January 28, 2011, Biglari Holdings Inc. (the Company) issued a Press Release announcing its financial results for its first fiscal quarter, which ended December 22, 2010.  The Companys Press Release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of this report.
 
The information in this Current Report, including the exhibit attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed  filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of such section.  The information in this Current Report, including the exhibit, shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any incorporation by reference language in any such filing, unless the Company expressly sets forth in such future filing that such information is to be considered filed or incorporated by reference therein.
 
 
(d) Exhibits.
 
 
2
 
 
SIGNATURE
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
3
 
 
Exhibit Index
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
San Antonio, TX, January 28  Biglari Holdings Inc. (NYSE: BH) announces its fiscal first quarter 2011 results:
Biglari Holdings Inc.s operating results for the first twelve weeks, which ended December 22, 2010, are summarized below.  To become apprised fully of our results, shareholders should carefully study our 10-Q, which has been posted at .
www.biglariholdings.com
 
:
Analysis of Results
Net earnings in the first quarter were significantly impacted by realized investment gains and an incentive fee earned through the Companys subsidiary, Biglari Capital Corp. (On a pre-tax basis, investment gains were $3.1 million and the incentive fee was $2.5 million.)
The amount of realized investment gains may fluctuate from period to period. Because no predictive value exists, we encourage investors to analyze our business performance before they interpret the impact of realized gains.
Biglari Capital Corp., the general partner of The Lion Fund, earned $5.2 million of an incentive allocation fee; however, $2.7 million is eliminated, for that amount represents the Companys fee as a limited partner, which is uncharged because the Company owns the general partner. The remaining $2.5 million is an incentive fee that is charged and reallocated from outside limited partners of The Lion Fund. Thus, in the above table, this amount is included under pre-tax operating earnings. Shareholders should note that an incentive fee is assessed only once a year in the calendar year end quarter, and no predictability of such earnings exists because The Lion Fund annual performance is unpredictable.
Net revenues from restaurant operations  Steak n Shake and Western Sizzlin  increased 4.2% from $149.4 million to $155.6 million resulting from Steak n Shakes same store sales increases of 2.1% and from the inclusion of Western Sizzlin Corp., which the Company acquired on March 30, 2010.
 
 
 
 
About Biglari Holdings Inc.
Biglari Holdings Inc. is a holding company engaged in a number of diverse business activities. The most important operating subsidiaries are involved in investment management and the franchising/operating of restaurants. All major operating, investment, and capital allocation decisions are made by Sardar Biglari, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, on behalf of the Company and its main operating subsidiaries.
Comment on Regulation G
This press release contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. In addition to the GAAP presentations of net earnings, Biglari Holdings defines pre-tax operating earnings outside of the investment gains/losses of the Company and its consolidated affiliated partnerships.
Risks Associated with Forward-Looking Statements
This news release may include "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other federal securities laws. These statements which may concern anticipated future results are based on current expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ markedly from those projected or discussed here. Biglari Holdings cautions readers not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, for actual results may differ materially from expectations. Biglari Holdings does not update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements even if experience or future changes make it clear that any projected results expressed or implied therein will not be realized. Further information on the types of factors that could affec t Biglari Holdings and its business can be found in the company's filings with the SEC.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20110225160209.txt.gz
TIME:20110225160209
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
1
 
 
 
On February 18, 2011, Biglari Holdings Inc.s (the Parent Company) wholly owned subsidiary, Steak n Shake Operations, Inc. (Steak n Shake), entered into a Fourth Amendment to its Credit Agreement with Fifth Third Bank, effective as of February 15, 2011 (as amended, the Credit Facility).  The Fourth Amendment extended the maturity date of the existing $30 million revolving loan under the Credit Facility to February 15, 2013 and decreased the interest rate to LIBOR plus 1.5%.  The Bank also made a five year $20 million term loan to Steak n Shake under the Fourth Amendment.  Steak n Shake also entered into an interest rate swap agreement with the Bank for a notional amount of $20 million in connection with the Fourth Amendment, which effectively fixes the intere st rate on the term loan at 3.25% through its maturity.  The Credit Facility is not guaranteed by or an obligation of the Parent Company.
 
 
The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is hereby incorporated by reference.
 
 
2
 
 
SIGNATURE
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
3
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20110331161304.txt.gz
TIME:20110331161304
EVENTS:	Other Events
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
 
On March 30, 2011, Biglari Holdings Inc. (the Company) redeemed all of its outstanding 14% Subordinated Debentures due 2015 (the Debentures).  The Company initially called the Debentures for redemption on February 22, 2011.  The Debentures were redeemed for cash at an aggregate redemption price of approximately $23.4 million, representing 100% of the principal amount outstanding, plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but not including, March 30, 2011.  The Debentures were issued and the redemption was effected pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture, dated March 30, 2010 (the Indenture), between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee.  Upon the redemption of the Debentures, the Companys obligations under the Debent ures and the Indenture will be satisfied and discharged in accordance with their terms.
 
The Debentures were listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol BH15.  The Debentures will be delisted from the NYSE in connection with the redemption.
 
The description of the Debentures and the Indenture set forth above is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Indenture and the form of Debentures, copies of which were filed on March 31, 2010 with the Securities and Exchange Commission as Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, respectively, to the registration statement on Form 8-A, as amended, which is incorporated by reference herein.
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20110407092515.txt.gz
TIME:20110407092515
EVENTS:	Other Events
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
x
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
 
On April 6, 2011, the Board of Directors of Biglari Holdings Inc. (the Company) approved a proposal to recapitalize the Company through the creation of a dual class structure.  Subject to shareholder approval, the Company intends to redesignate its existing Common Stock as Class A Common Stock and authorize the issuance of a new class of Class B Common Stock having the rights and preferences described below.
 
Pursuant to the recapitalization, each share of Class B Common Stock would have the right to receive one-fifth (1/5) of the amount of any dividend or other distribution (including liquidating distributions) per share declared on shares of the Class A Common Stock. Each share of Class B Common Stock would be entitled to one-one-hundredth (1/100) of one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders of the Company.  The Class A and Class B shares would vote together as one class on all matters except as otherwise required by applicable law.  Neither the Class A shares nor the Class B shares would be convertible into the other or into any other security of the Company.
 
If the recapitalization is approved by the Companys shareholders, it is currently anticipated that shares of the Class B Common Stock would be initially distributed to existing holders of the Class A Common Stock as a pro rata dividend at a rate of 10 Class B shares for each Class A share outstanding. The Company intends to file an appropriate application with the New York Stock Exchange to list the Class B shares for trading when issued.  The New York Stock Exchange has advised the Company that the Class B shares are eligible to be listed on the New York Stock Exchange.  The existing common stock, redesignated as Class A Common Stock, is expected to continue to be listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
 
Consequently, the Board of Directors will review the trading activity of the Class A and Class B shares following the reclassification and consider the previously approved 1-for-15 reverse stock split if it deems appropriate.
 
 
The Company intends hold a special meeting of shareholders for the purpose of approving the proposed recapitalization.  In connection with such special meeting, the Company will file a proxy statement and other documents relating to the proposed recapitalization with the Securities and Exchange Commission and will mail the definitive proxy statement and a proxy card to each shareholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting.  SHAREHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE PROXY STATEMENT AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROPOSED RECAPITALIZATION AND THE COMPANY.  When they are available, the proxy statement and other documents relating to the special meeting can be obtained free of charge from the Securities and Exchange Commissio ns website at www.sec.gov. These documents can also be obtained free of charge when available from the Company at its website, www.biglariholdings.com, or by directing a request to Morrow & Co., LLC, 470 West Avenue3rd Floor, Stamford, CT  06902.  The Company and its directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in connection with the special meeting seeking approval of the reclassification. INFORMATION REGARDING THE INTERESTS OF THE DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS IS SET FORTH IN THE COMPANY'S PROXY STATEMENT RELATING TO ITS 2011 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION ON MARCH 9, 2011.
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20110413161235.txt.gz
TIME:20110413161235
EVENTS:	Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
TEXT:
ITEM: Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
 
On April 7, 2011, Biglari Holdings Inc. (the Company) held its Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Meeting). The total number of shares of the Companys common stock voted in person or by proxy at the Meeting was 1,332,880, representing approximately 93.0% of the 1,433,758 shares outstanding and entitled to vote at the Meeting.  The matters voted on by shareholders and the number of (and percentage of shares voted at the Meeting represented by) votes cast for, against or withheld, as well as abstentions and broker non-votes, if applicable, with respect to each matter is set forth below.
 
To elect the nominees listed below as directors of the Company:
Proposal 1.  
 
There were 180,252 broker non-votes with respect to the election of directors.
 
To ratify the selection by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the Companys independent registered public accounting firm for the 2011 fiscal year:
Proposal 2.  
 
To vote on a non-binding advisory resolution to approve the compensation of the Companys Named Executive Officers, as described in the Companys proxy statement with respect to the Meeting:
Proposal 3.  
 
To vote on a non-binding advisory resolution to determine the frequency (whether annual, biennial or triennial) with which shareholders of the Company shall be entitled to have an advisory vote on executive compensation:
Proposal 4.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
SIGNATURE
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20110520161419.txt.gz
TIME:20110520161419
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02.                      Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
 
On May 20, 2011, Biglari Holdings Inc. (the Company) issued a Press Release announcing its financial results for its second fiscal quarter, which ended April 13, 2011.  The Companys Press Release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of this report.
 
The information in this Current Report, including the exhibit attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed  filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of such section.  The information in this Current Report, including the exhibit, shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any incorporation by reference language in any such filing, unless the Company expressly sets forth in such future filing that such information is to be considered filed or incorporated by reference therein.
 
Item 9.01   Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
(d) Exhibits.
 
 
2
 
 
SIGNATURE
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
3
 
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
San Antonio, TX, May 20 -- Biglari Holdings Inc. (NYSE: BH) announces its fiscal second quarter 2011 results:
 
Biglari Holdings Inc.'s operating results for the sixteen and twenty-eight weeks, which ended April 13, 2011, are summarized below. To become apprised fully of our results, shareholders should carefully study our 10-Q, which has been posted at .
www.biglariholdings.com
 
:
Analysis of Results
 
In the second quarter net revenues from restaurant operations  Steak n Shake and Western Sizzlin  increased 5.9% from $199.1 million to $210.9 million as a result of Steak n Shake's same-store sales expansion of 4.3% and from the inclusion of Western Sizzlin Corp., which the Company acquired on March 30, 2010.
 
The amount of realized investment gains may fluctuate from period to period. Because no predictive value exists, we encourage investors to analyze closely our business performance before they interpret the impact of realized gains.
 
Net earnings in the current year-to-date period were significantly impacted by realized investment gains and an incentive fee earned through the Company's subsidiary, Biglari Capital Corp., manager of The Lion Fund, L.P. (On a pre-tax basis, investment gains were $3.5 million, and the incentive fee was $2.5 million.) Shareholders should also note that an incentive fee is assessed only once annually in the calendar year-end quarter, and no predictability of such earnings exists because The Lion Fund's annual performance is unpredictable.
 
About Biglari Holdings Inc.
 
Biglari Holdings Inc. is a holding company engaged in a number of diverse business activities. Its most important operating subsidiaries are involved in investment management and the franchising/operating of restaurants. All major operating, investment, and capital allocation decisions are made by Sardar Biglari, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, on behalf of the Company and its main operating subsidiaries.
 
Comment on Regulation G
 
This press release contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. In addition to the GAAP presentations of net earnings, Biglari Holdings defines pre-tax operating earnings outside of the investment gains/losses of the Company and its consolidated affiliated partnerships.
 
Risks Associated with Forward-Looking Statements
 
This news release may include "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other federal securities laws. These statements which may concern anticipated future results are based on current expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ markedly from those projected or discussed here. Biglari Holdings cautions readers not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, for actual results may differ materially from expectations. Biglari Holdings does not update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements even if experience or future changes make it clear that any projected results expressed or implied therein will not be realized. Further information on the types of factors that could affect Biglari Holdings and its business can be found in the company's filings with the SEC.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20110812163616.txt.gz
TIME:20110812163616
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
1
 
 
Item 2.02.   Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
 
On August 12, 2011, Biglari Holdings Inc. (the Company) issued a Press Release announcing its financial results for its third fiscal quarter, which ended July 6, 2011.  The Companys Press Release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of this report.
 
The information in this Current Report, including the exhibit attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed  filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of such section.  The information in this Current Report, including the exhibit, shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any incorporation by reference language in any such filing, unless the Company expressly sets forth in such future filing that such information is to be considered filed or incorporated by reference therein.
 
Item 9.01.   Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
(d) Exhibits.
 
 
 
2
 
 
 
SIGNATURE
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
3
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
San Antonio, TX, August 12  Biglari Holdings Inc. (NYSE: BH) announces its fiscal third quarter 2011 results:
Biglari Holdings Inc.s operating results for the twelve and forty weeks, which ended July 6, 2011, are summarized below.  To become apprised fully of our results, shareholders should carefully study our 10-Q, which has been posted at .
www.biglariholdings.com
 
 
:
Analysis of Results
In the third quarter Steak n Shakes samestore sales advanced 4.9%, principally because guest traffic expanded by 4.8%.
The amount of realized investment gains may fluctuate from period to period. Because no predictive value exists, we encourage investors to analyze closely our business performance before they interpret the impact of realized gains.
Net earnings in the current year-to-date period were significantly impacted by realized investment gains and an incentive fee earned through the Companys subsidiary, Biglari Capital Corp., manager of The Lion Fund, L.P. (On a pre-tax basis, investment gains were $4.4 million, and the incentive fee was $2.5 million.) Shareholders should also note that an incentive fee is assessed only once annually in the calendar year-end quarter, and no predictability of such earnings exists because The Lion Funds annual performance is unpredictable.
About Biglari Holdings Inc.
Biglari Holdings Inc. is a holding company engaged in a number of diverse business activities. Its most important operating subsidiaries are involved in investment management and the franchising/operating of restaurants. All major operating, investment, and capital allocation decisions are made by Sardar Biglari, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, on behalf of the Company and its main operating subsidiaries.
 
 
 
 
 
Comment on Regulation G
This press release contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. In addition to the GAAP presentations of net earnings, Biglari Holdings defines pre-tax operating earnings outside of the investment gains/losses of the Company and its consolidated affiliated partnerships.
Risks Associated with Forward-Looking Statements
This news release may include "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other federal securities laws. These statements which may concern anticipated future results are based on current expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ markedly from those projected or discussed here. Biglari Holdings cautions readers not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, for actual results may differ materially from expectations. Biglari Holdings does not update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements even if experience or future changes make it clear that any projected results expressed or implied therein will not be realized. Further information on the types of factors that could affect Biglari Holdings and its business can be found in the company's filings with the SEC.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20110902171535.txt.gz
TIME:20110902171535
EVENTS:	Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders	Other Events
TEXT:
ITEM: Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM: Other Events
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
1
 
 
 
On April 13, 2011, Biglari Holdings Inc. (the Company) filed a Current Report on Form 8-K (the Original 8-K Report) to report the voting results of its annual meeting of shareholders held on April 7, 2011 (the Annual Meeting), including among other matters, the results of the shareholder vote on the frequency of submission to shareholders of the advisory vote on the compensation paid to the Companys named executive officers as set forth in the Companys proxy statement (the Say on Pay Vote).  This Form 8-K/A is being filed as an amendment to the Original 8-K Report to disclose the decision of the Companys Board of Directors (the Board) as to how frequently the Company will hold the Say on Pay Vote.
 
At the Annual Meeting, a plurality of the votes cast was voted in favor of holding the Say on Pay Vote annually.  Accordingly, the Board has determined that the Company will hold the Say on Pay Vote at next years annual meeting of shareholders.
 
 
On September 1, 2011, the Company issued a press release announcing that it decided to delay the special meeting that was scheduled for September 2, 2011.
 
 
2
 
 
SIGNATURE
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K/A to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
3
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20110913101314.txt.gz
TIME:20110913101314
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
1
 
 
 
New Credit Facility
 
On September 8, 2011, Steak n Shake Operations, Inc., as borrower (Steak n Shake Operations), Steak n Shake Enterprises, Inc. (Steak n Shake Enterprises) and Steak n Shake, LLC, as guarantors (together with Steak n Shake Enterprises, the Subsidiary Guarantors), each subsidiaries of Biglari Holdings Inc. (Biglari Holdings or the Company), entered into a credit agreement (the New Credit Facility) with the lenders party thereto and Jefferies Finance LLC, as arranger, book manager, administrative agent and collateral agent (Jefferies Finance).  The New Credit Facility consists of an $110,000,000 senior secured term loan facility (the Term Loan) and a $20,000,000 senior secured revolving credit facility (the Revolver).
 
The Term Loan matures on September 8, 2015 and has a repayment schedule with quarterly amortization, beginning on December 31, 2011, equal to 2.5% of the initial principal amount of the Term Loan (as adjusted pursuant to the New Credit Facility), together with accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to be paid, with the balance due at maturity. The Revolver will be available until September 8, 2014.  Interest on the Term Loan will be based on a base rate or Eurodollar rate plus an applicable margin of 3.5% and 4.5%, respectively. Interest on the Revolver will be based on a base rate or Eurodollar rate plus an applicable margin ranging from 2.0% to 2.5% and 3.0% to 3.5%, respectively, based on Steak n Shake Operations total leverage ratio.  The Revolver also carries a commitment fee of 0.75% per annum on the unused portion of the credit line.
 
The New Credit Facility includes customary affirmative and negative covenants and events of default, as well as financial covenants relating to a maximum total leverage ratio and a minimum consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio.
 
Both the Term Loan and the Revolver have been guaranteed by the Subsidiary Guarantors and secured by first priority security interests in substantially all the assets of Steak n Shake Operations (including the capital stock of Steak n Shake Enterprises) and the Subsidiary Guarantors.  Biglari Holdings is not a guarantor under the New Credit Facility.  Net proceeds from the New Credit Facility were used to pay the Company a cash dividend in the amount of $83.2 million and to repay all outstanding amounts under Steak n Shake Operations former credit facility.
 
Cautionary Statements
 
The representations, warranties and covenants made by the parties in the New Credit Facility are qualified by information in disclosure schedules that the parties exchanged in connection with the execution of the New Credit Facility. Representations and warranties may be used as a tool to allocate risks between the parties, including where the parties do not have complete knowledge of all facts. Accordingly, investors should not rely on the representations, warranties and covenants or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of the Company, its subsidiaries or any of the Companys affiliates.
 
 
2
 
 
This description of the New Credit Facility is qualified in its entirety by the New Credit Facility filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, which is incorporated herein by reference.
 
Security Agreement
 
In connection with the New Credit Facility, on September 8, 2011, Steak n Shake Operations and the Subsidiary Guarantors (together with the other guarantors from time to time party thereto, the Pledgors) and Jefferies Finance, in its capacity as collateral agent pursuant to the New Credit Facility, entered into a security agreement (the Security Agreement). Pursuant to the Security Agreement, each Pledgor granted to Jefferies Finance a lien on all of the Pledged Collateral (as defined in the Security Agreement) as security for the payment and performance in full of all the secured obligations under the New Credit Facility.  The Pledged Collateral does not include the real estate of Steak n Shake Operations and the Subsidiary Guarantors, but such real estate is subject to a springing lien if Steak n Shake Operations does not maintain certain leverage ratios.
 
This description of the Security Agreement is qualified in its entirety by the Security Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, which is incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
On September 8, 2011, contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of the New Credit Facility, the Credit Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2009, as amended, by and between Steak n Shake Operations and Fifth Third Bank, was terminated and all outstanding amounts were repaid with a portion of the net proceeds from the New Credit Facility.  Steak n Shake Operations incurred no early termination penalties in connection with the termination of the agreement.
 
 
The disclosure provided under Item 1.01 of this Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03 as if fully set forth herein.
 
 
3
 
 
 
(d)
 
 
 
4
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
5
 
 
 
 
 
6
 

Exhibit 10.1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
i
 
 
 
 
 
ii
 
 
 
 
 
iii
 
 
 
 
iv
 
 
This CREDIT AGREEMENT (this ) dated as of September8,  2011, among Steak n Shake Operations, Inc., an Indiana corporation (the ), the Subsidiary Guarantors (such term and each other capitalized term used but not defined herein having the meaning given to it in ), the Lenders, Jefferies Finance LLC, as lead arranger (in such capacity, the ), as book manager (in such capacity, the ), as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the ), and as collateral agent for the Secured Parties (in such capacity, the ), The CIT GROUP/Business Credit, Inc., Regions Bank and CapitalSource Bank, as co-documentation agents for the Lenders (in such capacity, the ) and Fifth Third Bank, as syndication agent (in such capacity, the ), as swingline lender (in such capacity, the ) for the Lenders and as issuing bank (in such capacity, the ) for the Lenders.
Agreement
 
Borrower
Article I
Arranger
Book Manager
Administrative Agent
Collateral Agent
Documentation Agents
Syndication Agent
Swingline Lender
Issuing Bank
 
 
WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested the Lenders to extend credit in the form of (a) Term Loans on the Closing Date, in an aggregate principal amount not in excess of $110,000,000, and (b) Revolving Loans at any time and from time to time prior to the Revolving Credit Maturity Date, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not in excess of $20,000,000. The Borrower has requested the Swingline Lender to extend credit, at any time and from time to time prior to the Revolving Credit Maturity Date, in the form of Swingline Loans, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not in excess of $5,000,000.  The Borrower has requested the Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit, in an aggregate face amount at any time outstanding not in excess of $15,000,000, to support payment obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business by the Borrower and its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries.
 
WHEREAS, the proceeds of the Loans are to be used in accordance with .
Section 3.12
 
WHEREAS, the Lenders are willing to extend such credit to the Borrower, and the Issuing Bankiswilling to issue Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower, in each case on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein.
 
 
 
Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows:
 
 
.  As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings specified below:
Section 1.01       
Defined Terms
 
 when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, is used when such Loan comprising such Borrowing is, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing are, bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate in accordance with the provisions of .
ABR,
Article II
 
 shall mean a Borrowing comprised of ABR Loans.
ABR Borrowing
 
 shall mean any ABR Term Loan or ABR Revolving Loan.
ABR Loan
 
 shall mean any Revolving Loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate in accordance with the provisions of .
ABR Revolving Loan
Article II
 
 
 
 
 
 shall mean any Term Loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate in accordance with the provisions of .
ABR Term Loan
Article II
 
 shall mean the purchase consideration for a Permitted Acquisition or acquisition permitted pursuant to Section 6.07(f) and all other payments, directly or indirectly, by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in exchange for, or as part of, or in connection with, such acquisition, whether paid in cash or by exchange of Equity Interests or of properties or otherwise and whether payable at or prior to the consummation of such acquisition or deferred for payment at any future time, whether or not any such future payment is subject to the occurrence of any contingency, and includes any and all payments representing the purchase price and any assumptions of Indebtedness and/or Contingent Obligations,  and other agreements to make any payment the amount of which is, or the terms of payment of which are, in any respect subject to or contingent upon the revenues, income, cash flow or profits (or the like) of any person or business; provided that any such future payment that is subject to a contingency shall be considered Acquisition Consideration only to the extent of the reserve, if any, required under GAAP (as determined at the time of the consummation of such acquisition) to be established in respect thereof by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.
Acquisition Consideration
earn-outs
 
 shall mean, with respect to any Eurodollar Borrowing for any Interest Period, the greater of (a) (x) an interest rate per annum (rounded upward, if necessary, to the next 1/100th of 1%) determined by the Administrative Agent to be equal to the LIBOR Rate for such Eurodollar Borrowing in effect for such Interest Period divided by (y) 1 the Statutory Reserves (if any) for such Eurodollar Borrowing for such Interest Period and (b) 1.00% per annum.
Adjusted LIBOR Rate
minus
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Additional Amounts
Annex II
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto and includes each other person appointed as the successor administrative agent pursuant to .
Administrative Agent
Article IX
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Administrative Agent Fees
Section 2.05(b)
 
 shall mean an Administrative Questionnaire in the form supplied from time to time by the Administrative Agent.
Administrative Questionnaire
 
 shall mean legal counsel (including local, foreign and in-house counsel), auditors, accountants, consultants, appraisers, engineers or other advisors.
Advisors
 
 shall mean, when used with respect to a specified person, another person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the person specified; , , that, for purposes of , the term  shall also include (i) any person that directly or indirectly owns more than 10% of any class of Equity Interests of the person specified or (ii) any person that is an officer or director of the person specified.
Affiliate
provided
however
Section 6.09
Affiliate
 
 shall mean the Arranger, the Documentation Agents, the Syndication Agent, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Book Manager; and  shall mean any of them.
Agents
Agent
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto.
Agreement
 
 shall mean, for any day, a rate per annum (rounded upward, if necessary, to the next 1/100th of 1%) equal to the greatest of (a) the Base Rate in effect on such day, (b) the Adjusted LIBOR Rate for a Eurodollar Borrowing with a one-month Interest Period commencing on such day plus 1.00% and (c) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus 0.50%.  If the Administrative Agent shall have determined (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that it is unable to ascertain the Federal Funds Effective Rate for any reason, including the inability or failure of the Administrative Agent to obtain sufficient quotations in accordance with the terms of the definition thereof, the Alternate Base Rate shall be determined without regard to clause (c) of the preceding sentence until the circumstances giving rise to such inability no longer exist.  Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Base Rate, the Adjusted LIBOR Rate or the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall be effective on the effective date of such change in the Base Rate, the Adjusted LIBOR Rate or the Federal Funds Effective Rate, respectively.
Alternate Base Rate
 
 
2
 
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Anti-Terrorism Laws
Section 3.21(a)
 
 shall mean, for any day, (i) with respect to any Term Loan that is an ABR Loan, 3.50% per annum, (ii) with respect to any Term Loan that is a Eurodollar Loan, 4.50% per annum, and (iii) with respect to any Revolving Loan or Swingline Loan, the applicable percentage set forth in under the applicable caption.
Applicable Margin
Annex II
 
 shall mean any person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank and other commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender.
Approved Fund
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto.
Arranger
 
 shall mean (a) any disposition of any property, by any Company and (b) any issuance or sale of any Equity Interests of any Subsidiary of the Borrower, in each case, to any person other than a Subsidiary of the Borrower that is a Loan Party.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the following shall constitute :  (i) any disposition of assets permitted by, or expressly referred to in, , , , , , or , or (ii) solely for purposes of clause (a) above, any disposition of any property, by any Company for Fair Market Value resulting in not more than $2,000,000 in Net Cash Proceeds per asset sale (or series of related asset sales) and not more than $5,000,000 in Net Cash Proceeds in any fiscal year.
Asset Sale
Asset Sales
Section 6.04(c)
6.06(a)
6.06(g)
6.06(h)
6.06(i)
6.06(j)
6.06(k)
 
 shall mean an assignment and acceptance entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required pursuant to ), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, substantially in the form of , or such other form as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent.
Assignment and Acceptance
Section 10.04(b)
Exhibit A
 
 shall mean, when used with respect to any Sale and Leaseback Transaction, as at the time of determination, the present value (discounted at a rate equivalent to Borrowers then-current weighted average cost of funds for borrowed money as at the time of determination, compounded on a semi-annual basis) of the total obligations of the lessee for rental payments (and substantially similar payments) during the remaining term of the lease included in any such Sale and Leaseback Transaction.
Attributable Indebtedness
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Security Agreement.
Bailee Letter
 
 shall mean, for any day, the prime rate published in The Wall Street Journal for such day; that if ceases to publish for any reason such rate of interest,  shall mean the prime lending rate as set forth on the Bloomberg page PRIMBB Index (or successor page) for such day (or such other service as determined by the Administrative Agent from time to time for purposes of providing quotations of prime lending interest rates); each change in the Base Rate shall be effective on the date such change is effective.  The prime rate is not necessarily the lowest rate charged by any financial institution to its customers.
Base Rate
provided
The Wall Street Journal
Base Rate
 
 
3
 
 
 shall mean the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States.
Board
 
 shall mean, with respect to any person, (i) in the case of any corporation, the board of directors of such person, (ii) in the case of any limited liability company, the board of managers or board of directors, as applicable, of such person, or if such limited liability company does not have a board of managers or board of directors, the functional equivalent of the foregoing, (iii) in the case of any partnership, the board of directors or board of managers, as applicable, of the general partner of such person and (iv) in any other case, the functional equivalent of the foregoing.
Board of Directors
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto.
Book Manager
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto.
Borrower
 
 shall mean those Persons whose primary business consists of operating restaurants who are identified in writing by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent prior to the Closing Date, as such list may be supplemented after the Closing Date as reasonably agreed by the Administrative Agent.
Borrower Competitor
 
 shall mean (a) Loans of the same Class and Type, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Eurodollar Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect, or (b) a Swingline Loan.
Borrowing
 
 shall mean a request by Borrower in accordance with the terms of and substantially in the form of , or such other form as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent.
Borrowing Request
Section 2.03
Exhibit B
 
 shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which banks in New York City are authorized or required by law to close; , , that when used in connection with a Eurodollar Loan, the term  shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open for dealings in Dollar deposits in the London interbank market.
Business Day
provided
however
Business Day
 
 shall mean, without duplication, for any period (a) any expenditure or commitment to expend money made during such period for any purchase or other acquisition of any asset including capitalized leasehold improvements, which would be classified as a fixed or capital asset on a consolidated balance sheet of Borrower and its Subsidiaries prepared in accordance with GAAP, and (b) Capital Lease Obligations incurred by such persons during such period with respect to real or personal property acquired during such period, or Synthetic Lease Obligations incurred by such persons during such period, but excluding (i) expenditures made in connection with the replacement, substitution or restoration of property pursuant to Section 2.10(e), (ii) the purchase price of equipment that is purchased substantially contemporaneously with the trade-in of existing equipment to the extent that the gross amount of such purchase price is reduced by the credit granted by the seller of such equipment for the equipment being traded in at such time, (iii) any Permitted Acquisitions; and (iv) any acquisitions pursuant to Section 6.07(f).
Capital Expenditures
 
 
4
 
 
 shall mean, with respect to any person, any lease of, or other arrangement conveying the right to use, any property by such person as lessee that has been or should be accounted for as a capital lease on a balance sheet of such person prepared in accordance with GAAP.
Capital Lease
 
 of any person shall mean the obligations of such person to pay rent or other amounts under any Capital Lease, any lease entered into as part of any Sale and Leaseback Transaction or any Synthetic Lease, or a combination thereof, which obligations are (or would be, if such Synthetic Lease or other lease were accounted for as a Capital Lease) required to be classified and accounted for as Capital Leases on a balance sheet of such person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof (or the amount that would be capitalized, if such Synthetic Lease or other lease were accounted for as a Capital Lease) determined in accordance with GAAP.
Capital Lease Obligations
 
 shall mean, as to any person, any matter, directly or indirectly, (i) regarding capital adequacy, capital ratios, capital requirements, the calculation of such persons capital or similar matters, or (ii) affecting the amount of capital required to be obtained or maintained by such person or any person controlling such person (including any direct or indirect holding company), or the manner in which such person or any person controlling such person (including any direct or indirect holding company), allocates capital to any of its contingent liabilities (including letters of credit), advances, acceptances, commitments, assets or liabilities.
Capital Requirements
 
 shall mean (a) securities issued, or directly, unconditionally and fully guaranteed or insured, by the United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof (provided that the full faith and credit of the United States is pledged in support thereof) having maturities of not more than one year from the date of acquisition by such person, (b) time deposits and certificates of deposit of any Lender or any commercial bank having, or which is the principal banking subsidiary of a bank holding company organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia having, capital and surplus aggregating in excess of $500,000,000 and a rating of A (or such other similar equivalent rating) or higher by at least one nationally recognized statistical rating organization (as defined in Rule 436 under the Securities Act) with maturities of not more than one year from the date of acquisition by such person, (c) repurchase obligations with a term of not more than 30 days for underlying securities of the types described in clause (a) above entered into with any person meeting the qualifications specified in clause (b) above, (d) commercial paper issued by any person incorporated in the United States having one of the two highest ratings obtainable from Standard & Poors Rating Service or Moodys Investors Service Inc., in each case maturing not more than one year after the date of acquisition by such person, (e) investments in money market funds at least 95% of whose assets are comprised of securities of the types described in clauses (a) through (d) above, and (f) demand deposit accounts maintained in the ordinary course of business with any bank meeting the qualifications specified in clause (b) above.
Cash Equivalents
 
 shall mean, with respect to any Letter of Credit, as of any date, that Borrower shall have deposited with the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Revolving Lenders, an amount in cash equal to 105% of the LC Exposure as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon.   shall have the correlative meaning.
Cash Collateralized
Cash Collateralize
 
 shall mean, for any period, Consolidated Interest Expense for such period, less the sum of (a) interest on any debt paid by the increase in the principal amount of such debt including by issuance of additional debt of such kind or the accretion or capitalization of interest as principal for such period; and (b) items described in clause (c) or, other than to the extent paid in cash or Cash Equivalents, clause (f) of the definition of  for such period.
Cash Interest Expense
Consolidated Interest Expense
 
 
5
 
 
 shall mean any loss of title (other than through a consensual disposition of such property in accordance with this Agreement) or any loss of or damage to or any destruction of, or any condemnation or other taking (including by any Governmental Authority) of, any property of any Company; provided that any such event (or series of related events) resulting in Net Cash Proceeds (i) not exceeding $500,000 for any such event (or series of related events) and (ii) not exceeding in the aggregate for all such events (or series of related events) $1,000,000 in any fiscal year, shall not be deemed a Casualty Event.   shall include any taking of all or any part of any Real Property of any person or any part thereof, in or by condemnation or other eminent domain proceedings pursuant to any Legal Requirement, or by reason of the temporary requisition of the use or occupancy of all or any part of any Real Property of any person or any part thereof by any Governmental Authority, or any settlement in lieu thereof.
Casualty Event
Casualty Event
 
 shall mean the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, 42 U.S.C.  9601 .
CERCLA
et seq
 
A  shall mean the occurrence of any of the following:
Change in Control
 
(a)        Holdings at any time ceases to own directly 100% of the Equity Interests of the Borrower or ceases to have the power to vote, or direct the voting of, any such Equity Interests;
 
(b)        any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or group or its respective subsidiaries, and any person acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan), other than (i) Sardar Biglari or any of his Affiliates and (ii) any direct or indirect Subsidiary of Holdings, is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act, except that for purposes of this clause such person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person or group has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time (such right, an option right)), directly or indirectly, of the Voting Stock of Holdings representing more than 33% of the voting power of the total outstanding Voting Stock of Holdings on a fully diluted basis (and taking into account all such securities that such person or group has the right to acquire (whether pursuant to an option right or otherwise));
 
(c)        during any period of 12 consecutive months, a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of Holdings cease to be composed of individuals (i) who were members of that Board of Directors at the commencement of such period, (ii) whose election or nomination to that Board of Directors was approved by individuals referred to in preceding clause (i) constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that Board of Directors or (iii) whose election or nomination to that Board of Directors was approved by individuals referred to in preceding clauses (i) and (ii) constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that Board of Directors (excluding, in the case of both preceding clauses (i) and (ii), any individual whose initial nomination for, or assumption of office as, a member of that Board of Directors occurs as a result of an actual (or threatened) solicitation of proxies or consents for the election or removal of one or more directors by any person or group other than a solicitation for the election of one or more directors by or on behalf of the Board of Directors), or
 
(d)        any person or two or more persons acting in concert, other than (i) Sardar Biglari or any of his Affiliates and (ii) any direct or indirect Subsidiary of Holdings, shall have acquired by contract or otherwise, or shall have entered into a contract or arrangement that, upon consummation thereof, will result in its or their acquisition of the power to exercise, directly or indirectly, a controlling influence over the management or policies of Holdings, or control over the Voting Stock of Holdings on a fully-diluted basis (and taking into account all such securities that such person or persons have the right to acquire (whether pursuant to an option right or otherwise)) representing 33% or more of the combined voting power of such Voting Stock.
 
 
6
 
 
 shall mean the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation, policy, or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued.
Change in Law
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Charges
Section 10.13
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Claims
Section 10.03(b)
 
 when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Revolving Loans, Term Loans or Swingline Loans and, when used in reference to any Commitment, refers to whether such Commitment is a Revolving Commitment, Term Loan Commitment or Swingline Commitment.
Class,
 
 shall mean the date of the initial Credit Extension hereunder.
Closing Date
 
 shall mean a cash Dividend made by the Borrower to Holdings on the Closing Date in an amount not to exceed $83,154,185.40.
Closing Date Dividend
 
 shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
Code
 
 shall mean, collectively, all of the Security Agreement Collateral, the Mortgaged Property and all other property of whatever kind and nature, whether now existing or hereafter acquired, pledged as collateral or otherwise subject to a security interest under any Security Document.
Collateral
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto.
Collateral Agent
 
 shall mean, with respect to any Lender, such Lenders Revolving Commitment, Term Loan Commitment or Swingline Commitment.
Commitment
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Commitment Fee
Section 2.05(a)
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Communications
Section 10.01(b)
 
 shall mean the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; and  shall mean any one of them.
Companies
Company
 
 
7
 
 
 shall mean a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Borrower substantially in the form of .
Compliance Certificate
Exhibit C
 
 shall mean that certain confidential information memorandum dated July 2011.
Confidential Information Memorandum
 
 shall mean, for any period, the amortization expense of Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.
Consolidated Amortization Expense
 
 shall mean, as at any date of determination, the total assets of Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities) which may properly be classified as current assets on a consolidated balance sheet of Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP.
Consolidated Current Assets
 
 shall mean, as at any date of determination, the total liabilities of Borrower and its Subsidiaries which may properly be classified as current liabilities (other than the current portion of any Loans) on a consolidated balance sheet of Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP.
Consolidated Current Liabilities
 
 shall mean, for any period, the depreciation expense of Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.
Consolidated Depreciation Expense
 
 shall mean, for any period, Consolidated Net Income for such period, adjusted by (x) , without duplication, in each case only to the extent (and in the same proportion) deducted in determining such Consolidated Net Income (and with respect to the portion of Consolidated Net Income attributable to any Subsidiary of Borrower only if a corresponding amount of cash would be permitted to be distributed to Borrower by such Subsidiary by operation of the terms of its Organizational Documents and all agreements, instruments, Orders and other Legal Requirements applicable to such Subsidiary or its equityholders):
Consolidated EBITDA
adding thereto
 
(a)        Consolidated Interest Expense for such period;
 
(b)        Consolidated Amortization Expense for such period;
 
(c)        Consolidated Depreciation Expense for such period;
 
(d)        Consolidated Tax Expense for such period; and
 
(e)        the aggregate amount of all other non-cash items reducing Consolidated Net Income (excluding any non-cash charge that results in an accrual of a reserve for cash charges in any future period or the amortization of a prepaid cash item that was paid in a prior period or any write-down or write off of assets for such period); and
 
(y)  the aggregate amount of all non-cash items increasing Consolidated Net Income (other than the accrual of revenue or recording of receivables in the ordinary course of business) for such period.
subtracting therefrom
 
 shall mean, for any Test Period, the ratio of:  (a) Consolidated EBITDA for such Test Period the aggregate amount of Capital Expenditures for such Test Period, to the extent paid in cash the Consolidated Rental Expense for such Test Period; to (b) Consolidated Fixed Charges for such Test Period.
Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio
minus
plus
 
 
8
 
 
 shall mean, for any period, the sum, without duplication, of
Consolidated Fixed Charges
 
(a)        Consolidated Interest Expense for such period (net of the consolidated interest income of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period);
 
(b)        the principal amount of all scheduled amortization payments on all Indebtedness (including the principal component of all Capital Lease Obligations of Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period) as determined on the first day of the respective period (or, with respect to a given issuance of Indebtedness incurred thereafter, on the date of the incurrence thereof);
 
(c)        all cash payments in respect of Taxes (including federal, state, local and foreign income taxes) made during such period (net of any cash refund in respect of income taxes actually received by Borrower and its Subsidiaries during such period);
 
(d)        all cash Dividends paid to Holdings by Borrower during such period (excluding the Closing Date Dividend); and
 
(e)        Consolidated Rental Expense for such period.
 
In determining the Consolidated Fixed Charges for any period (1) pro forma effect will be given to: the acquisition (whether by purchase, merger or otherwise) or disposition (whether by sale, merger or otherwise) of any property or assets acquired or disposed of by Borrower and/or any of its Subsidiaries since the first day of such period, as if such acquisition or disposition occurred on the first day of such period; (2) interest on Indebtedness bearing a floating interest rate will be computed as if the rate as of the last day of the period had been the applicable rate for the entire period; (3) if such Indebtedness bears, at the option of Borrower and/or any of its Subsidiaries, a fixed or floating rate of interest, interest thereon will be computed by applying, at the option of Borrower, either the fixed or floating rate; and (4) interest on Indebtedness under a revolving credit facility will be computed based upon the average daily balance of such Indebtedness during such period.
 
 shall mean, as at any date of determination, without duplication, the aggregate amount of all Indebtedness and all LC Exposure of Borrower and its Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.
Consolidated Indebtedness
 
 shall mean, for any period, the total consolidated interest expense of Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP , without duplication:
Consolidated Interest Expense
plus
 
(a)        imputed interest on Capital Lease Obligations and Attributable Indebtedness of Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period;
 
(b)        commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to letters of credit securing financial obligations, bankers acceptance financing, receivables financings and similar credit transactions for such period;
 
(c)        amortization of debt issuance costs, debt discount or premium and other financing fees and expenses incurred by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries for such period;
 
 
9
 
 
(d)        cash contributions to any employee stock ownership plan or similar trust made by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to the extent such contributions are used by such plan or trust to pay interest or fees to any person (other than Borrower or any of its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries) in connection with Indebtedness incurred by such plan or trust for such period;
 
(e)        all interest paid or payable with respect to discontinued operations of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries for such period;
 
(f)        the interest portion of any payment obligations of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries for such period deferred for payment at any future time, whether or not such future payment is subject to the occurrence of any contingency, and includes any and all payments representing the purchase price and any assumptions of Indebtedness and/or Contingent Obligations,  and other agreements to make any payment the amount of which is, or the terms of payment of which are, in any respect subject to or contingent upon the revenues, income, cash flow or profits (or the like) of any person or business; and
earn-outs
 
(g)        all interest on any Indebtedness of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of the type described in clause (e) or (j) of the definition of  for such period;
Indebtedness
 
that (a) to the extent directly related to the Transactions, debt issuance costs, debt discount or premium and other financing fees and expenses shall be excluded from the calculation of Consolidated Interest Expense and (b)Consolidated Interest Expense shall be calculated after giving effect to Hedging Agreements (including associated costs) intended to protect against fluctuations in interest rates, but excluding unrealized gains and losses with respect to any such Hedging Agreements.
provided
 
 
 shall mean, for any period, the consolidated net income (or loss) of Borrower and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; that there shall be excluded from such net income (to the extent otherwise included therein), without duplication:
Consolidated Net Income
provided
 
(a)        the net income (or loss) of any person (other than a Subsidiary of Borrower) in which any person other than Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries has an ownership interest, except to the extent that cash in an amount equal to any such income has actually been received by Borrower or (subject to clause (b) below) any of its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries from such person during such period;
 
(b)        the net income of any Subsidiary of Borrower during such period to the extent that the declaration and/or payment of dividends or similar distributions by such Subsidiary of that income is not permitted by operation of the terms of its Organizational Documents or any agreement, instrument, Order or other Legal Requirement applicable to that Subsidiary or its equityholders during such period, except that Borrowers equity in net loss of any such Subsidiary for such period shall be included in determining Consolidated Net Income;
 
(c)        any non-cash gain (or loss), together with any related provisions for taxes on any such gain (or the tax effect of any such loss), realized during such period by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries upon any disposition of assets by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries;
 
(d)        non-cash gains and losses due solely to fluctuations in currency values and the related tax effects determined in accordance with GAAP for such period;
 
 
10
 
 
(e)        earnings resulting from any reappraisal, revaluation or write-up of assets;
 
(f)        any extraordinary non cash gain (or extraordinary non cash loss), together with any related provision for taxes on any such non cash gain (or the tax effect of any such non cash loss), recorded or recognized by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries during such period;
 
(g)        non-cash gains and losses resulting from any reappraisal, revaluation, write-down or write-up of assets (including intangible assets, goodwill and deferred financing costs);
 
(h)        unrealized gains and losses with respect to Hedging Obligations for such period; and
 
(i)        any non-cash extraordinary or non-cash nonrecurring gain (or extraordinary or nonrecurring loss), together with any related provision for taxes on any such gain (or the tax effect of any such loss), recorded or recognized by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries during such period;
 
For purposes of this definition of Consolidated Net Income, nonrecurring means any gain or loss as of any date that (i) did not occur in the ordinary course of Borrowers or its Subsidiaries business and (ii) is of a nature and type that has not occurred in the prior twelve month period and is not reasonably expected to occur in the future.
 
 shall mean, for any period, the aggregate amount of all fixed payments that Borrower and its Subsidiaries are required to make as lessee under, or by the terms of, any lease during such period.
Consolidated Rental Expense
 
 shall mean, for any period, the tax expense (including federal, state, local and foreign income taxes) of Borrower and its Subsidiaries, for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.
Consolidated Tax Expense
 
 shall mean, as to any person, any obligation, agreement, understanding or arrangement of such person guaranteeing or intended to guarantee any Indebtedness, leases, dividends or other obligations () of any other person (the ) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including any obligation, agreement, understanding or arrangement of such person, whether or not contingent, (a) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor, (b) to advance or supply funds (i) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (ii) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth, net equity, liquidity, level of income, cash flow or solvency of the primary obligor, (c) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the primary obligor of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation, (d) with respect to bankers acceptances, letters of credit and similar credit arrangements, until a reimbursement or equivalent obligation arises (which reimbursement obligation shall constitute a primary obligation), or (e) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the primary obligor of any such primary obligation against loss (in whole or in part) in respect thereof; , , that the term Contingent Obligation shall not include endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business or any product warranties given in the ordinary course of business.  The amount of any Contingent Obligation shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Contingent Obligation is made (or, if less, the maximum amount of such primary obligation for which such person may be liable, whether singly or jointly, pursuant to the terms of the instrument, agreements or other documents or, if applicable, unwritten agreement, evidencing such Contingent Obligation) or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof (assuming such person is required to perform thereunder) as determined by such person in good faith.
Contingent Obligation
primary obligations
primary obligor
provided
however
 
 
11
 
 
 shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise, and the terms  and  shall have meanings correlative thereto.
Control
Controlling
Controlled
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Security Agreement.
Control Agreement
 
 shall mean, as the context may require, (i) the making of a Loan by a Lender or (ii) the issuance of any Letter of Credit, or the extension of the expiry date or renewal, or any amendment or other modification to increase the amount, of any existing Letter of Credit, by the Issuing Bank.
Credit Extension
 
 shall mean the revolving credit, swingline, letter of credit and term loan facilities (including any increases in such facilities pursuant to ).
Credit Facilities
Section 2.19
 
 shall mean the incurrence by any Company of any Indebtedness after the Closing Date (other than as permitted by ).
Debt Issuance
Section 6.01
 
 shall mean, for any period, Cash Interest Expense for such period plus scheduled principal amortization (whether pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise) of all Indebtedness for such period.
Debt Service
 
 shall mean any event, occurrence or condition which is, or upon notice, lapse of time or both would constitute, an Event of Default.
Default
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Default Excess
Section 2.16(c)
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Default Period
Section 2.16(c)
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Default Rate
Section 2.06(c)
 
 shall mean any Lender that has (a) failed to fund its portion of any Borrowing, or any portion of its participation in any Letter of Credit or Swingline Loan, within one Business Day of the date on which it shall have been required to fund the same, unless the subject of a good faith dispute between Borrower and such Lender related hereto, (b) notified Borrower, the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement or has made a public statement to the effect that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations under this Agreement or under agreements in which it commits to extend credit generally, (c) failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or Borrower, to confirm that it will comply with the terms of this Agreement relating to its obligations to fund prospective Loans (unless the subject of a good faith dispute between Borrower and such Lender) and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans; that any such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender under this clause (c) upon receipt of such confirmation by the Administrative Agent or Borrower, (d) otherwise failed to pay over to Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within one Business Day of the date when due (unless the subject of a good faith dispute), or (e) after the Closing Date (i) been adjudicated as, or determined by any Governmental Authority having regulatory authority over such person or its Properties or assets to be, insolvent or (ii) become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or custodian, appointed for it, or has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment, unless, in the case of any Lender referred to in this clause (e), Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender and each Issuing Bank shall be satisfied that such Lender intends, and has all approvals required to enable it, to continue to perform its obligations as a Lender hereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, a Lender shall not be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in such Lender or its parent by a Governmental Authority; that, as of any date of determination, the determination of whether any Lender is a Defaulting Lender hereunder shall not take into account, and shall not otherwise impair, any amounts funded by such Lender which have been assigned by such Lender to an SPC pursuant to .
Defaulting Lender
provided
provided
Section 10.04(h)
 
 
 
12
 
 shall mean, with respect to any property, any conveyance, sale, lease, sublease, assignment, transfer or other disposition of such property (including (i) by way of merger or consolidation, (ii) any Sale and Leaseback Transaction and (iii) any Synthetic Lease).
disposition
 
 shall mean any Equity Interest which, by its terms (or by the terms of any security or instrument into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable or exercisable), or upon the happening of any event, (a) matures (excluding any maturity as the result of an optional redemption by the issuer thereof) or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, on or prior to the first anniversary of the Final Maturity Date, (b) is convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable (unless at the sole option of the issuer thereof) for (i) debt securities or other indebtedness or (ii) any Equity Interests referred to in (a) above, in each case at any time on or prior to the first anniversary of the Final Maturity Date, or (c) contains any repurchase or payment obligation which may come into effect prior to the first anniversary of the Final Maturity Date.
Disqualified Capital Stock
 
 shall mean, with respect to any person, that such person has declared or paid a dividend or returned any equity capital to the holders of its Equity Interests or authorized or made any other distribution, payment or delivery of property (other than Qualified Capital Stock of such person) or cash to the holders of its Equity Interests as such, or redeemed, retired, purchased or otherwise acquired, directly or indirectly, for consideration any of its Equity Interests outstanding (or any options or warrants issued by such person with respect to its Equity Interests), or set aside or otherwise reserved, directly or indirectly, any funds for any of the foregoing purposes, or shall have permitted any of its Subsidiaries to purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any of the outstanding Equity Interests of such person (or any options or warrants issued by such person with respect to its Equity Interests).  Without limiting the foregoing,  with respect to any person shall also include all payments made or required to be made by such person with respect to any stock appreciation rights, plans, equity incentive or achievement plans or any similar plans or setting aside of or otherwise reserving any funds for the foregoing purposes.
Dividend
Dividends
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto.
Documentation Agents
 
 or  shall mean lawful money of the United States.
Dollars
$
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Embargoed Person
Section 6.19
 
 shall mean any  as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA which is or was maintained or contributed to by any Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates.
Employee Benefit Plan
employee benefit plan
 
 
13
 
 
 shall mean any surface or subsurface physical medium or natural resource, including air, land, soil, surface waters, ground waters, stream and river sediments, biota and any indoor area, surface or physical medium.
Environment
 
 shall mean any claim, notice, demand, Order, action, suit, proceeding, or other communication alleging or asserting liability or obligations under Environmental Law, including liability or obligation for investigation, assessment, remediation, removal, cleanup, response, corrective action, monitoring, post-remedial or post-closure studies, investigations, operations and maintenance, injury, damage, destruction or loss to natural resources, personal injury, wrongful death, property damage, fines, penalties or other costs resulting from, related to or arising out of (i) the presence, Release or threatened Release of Hazardous Material in, on, into or from the Environment at any location or (ii) any violation of or non-compliance with Environmental Law, and shall include any claim, notice, demand, Order, action, suit or proceeding seeking damages (including the costs of remediation), contribution, indemnification, cost recovery, penalties, fines, indemnities, compensation or injunctive relief resulting from, related to or arising out of the presence, Release or threatened Release of Hazardous Material or alleged injury or threat of injury to human health or the Environment.
Environmental Claim
 
 shall mean any and all applicable current and future Legal Requirements relating to human health or safety or the Environment, the Release or threatened Release of Hazardous Material, natural resources or natural resource damages, or, to the extent relating to exposure to Hazardous Materials, occupational safety or health.
Environmental Law
 
 shall mean any permit, license, approval, consent, registration, notification, exemption or other authorization required by or from a Governmental Authority under any Environmental Law.
Environmental Permit
 
 shall mean, with respect to any person, any and all shares, interests, rights to purchase, warrants, options, participations or other equivalents, including membership interests (however designated, whether voting or nonvoting), of equity of such person, including, if such person is a partnership, partnership interests (whether general or limited), or if such person is a limited liability company, membership interests and any other interest or participation that confers on a person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of property of, such partnership, whether outstanding on the date hereof or issued on or after the Closing Date, but excluding debt securities convertible or exchangeable into such equity.
Equity Interest
 
 shall mean, without duplication, (i) any issuance or sale by the Borrower after the Closing Date of any Equity Interests in the Borrower (including any Equity Interests issued upon exercise of any warrant or option or equity-based derivative) or any warrants or options or equity-based derivatives to purchase Equity Interests in the Borrower, (ii) any Preferred Stock Issuance or (iii) any contribution to the capital of the Borrower.
Equity Issuance
 
 shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, the regulations promulgated thereunder and any successor statute.
ERISA
 
 shall mean, with respect to any person, any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with such person, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code, or solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code.  Any former ERISA Affiliate of a person or any of its Subsidiaries shall continue to be considered an ERISA Affiliate of such person or such Subsidiary within the meaning of this definition with respect to the period such entity was an ERISA Affiliate of such person or such Subsidiary and with respect to liabilities arising after such period for which such person or such Subsidiary could reasonably be expected to be liable under the Code or ERISA, but in no event for more than six years after such period if no such liability has been asserted against such person or such Subsidiary; , , that such person or such Subsidiary shall continue to be an ERISA Affiliate of such person or such Subsidiary after the expiration of the six-year period solely with respect to any liability asserted against such person or such Subsidiary prior to the expiration of such six-year period.
ERISA Affiliate
provided
however
 
 
14
 
 
 shall mean (i) a  within the meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA and the regulations issued thereunder with respect to any Pension Plan; (ii) the failure to meet the minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the Code with respect to any Pension Plan (whether or not waived in accordance with Section 412(d) of the Code) or the failure to make by its due date a required installment of a material amount under Section 412(m) of the Code with respect to any Pension Plan or the failure to make any required contribution of a material amount to a Multiemployer Plan; (iii) the provision by the administrator of any Pension Plan pursuant to Section 4041(a)(2) of ERISA of a notice of intent to terminate such plan in a distress termination described in Section 4041(c) of ERISA; (iv) the withdrawal by any Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates from any Pension Plan with two or more contributing sponsors or the termination of any such Pension Plan resulting in liability to any Company pursuant to Section 4063 or 4064 of ERISA; (v) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate any Pension Plan, or the occurrence of any event or condition which could reasonably be expected to constitute grounds under ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan; (vi) the imposition of liability of a material amount on any Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates pursuant to Section 4062(e) or 4069 of ERISA or by reason of the application of Section 4212(c) of ERISA; (vii) the withdrawal of any Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates in a complete or partial withdrawal (within the meaning of Sections 4203 and 4205 of ERISA) from any Multiemployer Plan, or the receipt by any Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates of notice from any Multiemployer Plan that it is in reorganization or insolvency pursuant to Section 4241 or 4245 of ERISA, or that it intends to terminate or has terminated under Section 4041A or 4042 of ERISA, if, in any such case, there is potential liability of a material amount of any Company therefor; (viii) the assertion of a material claim (other than routine claims for benefits) against any Employee Benefit Plan, or the assets thereof, or against any Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates in connection with any Employee Benefit Plan; (ix) receipt from the Internal Revenue Service of notice of the failure of any Pension Plan (or any other Employee Benefit Plan intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code) to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code, or the failure of any trust forming part of any Pension Plan to qualify for exemption from taxation under Section 501(a) of the Code; (x) the imposition of a Lien pursuant to Section 401(a)(29) or 412(n) of the Code or pursuant to ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan; or (xi) the occurrence of a non-exempt prohibited transaction (within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA) which could reasonably be expected to result in liability of a material amount to any Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates.
ERISA Event
reportable event
 
 shall mean a Borrowing comprised of Eurodollar Loans.
Eurodollar Borrowing
 
 shall mean any Eurodollar Revolving Loan or Eurodollar Term Loan.
Eurodollar Loan
 
 shall mean a Borrowing comprised of Eurodollar Revolving Loans.
Eurodollar Revolving Borrowing
 
 shall mean any Revolving Loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBOR Rate.
Eurodollar Revolving Loan
 
 shall mean any Term Loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBOR Rate.
Eurodollar Term Loan
 
 
15
 
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in , and shall include any Default.
Event of Default
Article VIII
 
 shall mean, for any Excess Cash Flow Period, the sum, without duplication, of:
Excess Cash Flow
 
(a)        the sum, without duplication, of:
 
(i)        Consolidated EBITDA for such Excess Cash Flow Period;
 
(ii)       cash items of income during such Excess Cash Flow Period not included in calculating Consolidated EBITDA;
 
(iii)      the decrease, if any, in the Net Working Capital from the beginning to the end of such Excess Cash Flow Period; and
 
(iv)      the reversal, during such Excess Cash Flow Period, of any reserve established pursuant to clause (b)(i) below;
minus
 
(b)        the sum, without duplication, of:
 
(i)        the amount of any cash Consolidated Tax Expense paid or payable by Borrower and its Subsidiaries with respect to such Excess Cash Flow Period and for which, to the extent required under GAAP, reserves have been established;
 
(ii)       the amount of any cash Permitted Tax Distributions paid during such Excess Cash Flow Period;
 
(iii)      the amount of Debt Service for such Excess Cash Flow Period;
 
(iv)      permanent repayments and prepayments of Indebtedness made by Borrower and its Subsidiaries during such Excess Cash Flow Period but only to the extent that (A) (i) such repayments and prepayments by their terms cannot be reborrowed or redrawn, and (ii) such repayments and prepayments do not occur in connection with a refinancing of all or a portion of such Indebtedness, (B) the amounts used to make such payments are funded from Internally Generated Funds, and (C) the amount of such repayments and prepayments of Indebtedness (other than the Term Loans) do not exceed $10,000,000;
 
(v)       the sum of (i) Capital Expenditures made in cash in accordance with during such Excess Cash Flow Period, to the extent funded from Internally Generated Funds, (ii) cash consideration paid during such Excess Cash Flow Period to make Permitted Acquisitions to the extent funded from Internally Generated Funds, and (iii) cash consideration paid during such Excess Cash Flow Period to make acquisitions permitted pursuant to Section 6.07(f) to the extent funded from Internally Generated Funds;
Section 6.10
 
(vi)      the increase, if any, in the Net Working Capital from the beginning to the end of such Excess Cash Flow Period; and
 
(vii)     cash items of expense (including losses) during such Excess Cash Flow Period not deducted in calculating Consolidated EBITDA.
 
 
16
 
 
  shall mean (i) the period taken as one accounting period from September 28, 2011 and ending on September 26, 2012 and (ii) each fiscal year of Borrower thereafter.
Excess Cash Flow Period
 
 shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Exchange Act
 
 shall mean, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the Issuing Bank or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of Borrower hereunder, (a) income or franchise taxes imposed on (or measured by) its net income by the United States, or by the jurisdiction under the laws of which such recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable lending office is located, and (b) in the case of a Foreign Lender (other than an assignee pursuant to a request by Borrower under ), any withholding tax that is imposed on amounts payable to such Foreign Lender at the time such Foreign Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (or designates a new lending office) or is attributable to such Foreign Lenders failure or inability (other than as a result of a Change in Law) to comply with , except to the extent that such Foreign Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, at the time of designation of a new lending office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts from Borrower with respect to such withholding tax pursuant to (it being understood and agreed, for the avoidance of doubt, that any withholding tax imposed on a Foreign Lender as a result of a Change in Law occurring after the time such Foreign Lender became a party to this Agreement shall not be an Excluded Tax).
Excluded Taxes
Section 2.16
Section 2.15(e)
Section 2.15(a)
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Executive Order
Section 3.21(a)
 
 shall mean each Letter of Credit previously issued for the account of Fifth Third Bank that (a) is outstanding on the Closing Date and (b) is listed on .
Existing Letter of Credit
Schedule 1.01(e)
 
 shall mean the Confirmation, dated as February 1, 2011, between the Borrower and Fifth Third Bank, which Confirmation forms a part of and is subject to, the ISDA Master Agreement, dated as of January 25, 2011, between the Borrower and Fifth Third Bank, as modified by the Schedule to the Master Agreement, dated as of January 25, 2011.
Existing Hedge Agreement
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Existing Lien
Section 6.02(c)
 
 shall mean any cash received by or paid to or for the account of any person not in the ordinary course of business, including tax refunds, pension plan reversions, proceeds of insurance, judgments, settlements, condemnation awards (and payments in lieu thereof), indemnity payments, and any purchase price adjustments; , that, for the avoidance of doubt, the following shall not be Extraordinary Receipts:  (i) the receipt by Borrower of amounts pursuant to , (ii) the receipt by Borrower from Holdings or a third-party that is not an Affiliate of any Company of cash in exchange for the issuance of Qualified Capital Stock, (iii) the receipt of insurance proceeds, condemnation awards and other compensation received in respect of any Casualty Events, and (iv) the receipt by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of purchase price credits under any supply agreements or deposits under any franchise agreements.
Extraordinary Receipts
provided
Section 2.15(f)
 
 shall mean, with respect to any asset (including any Equity Interests of any person), the price at which a willing buyer, not an Affiliate of the seller, and a willing seller who does not have to sell, would agree to purchase and sell such asset, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors or, pursuant to a specific delegation of authority by such Board of Directors or a designated senior executive officer, of the Borrower, or the Subsidiary of the Borrower selling such asset.
Fair Market Value
 
 
17
 
 
 means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and any regulations (whether final, temporary or proposed) that are issued thereunder or official governmental interpretations thereof.
FATCA
 
 shall mean, for any day, the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System of the United States arranged by federal funds brokers, as published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the average (rounded upwards, if necessary to the next 1/100th of 1%) of the quotations for the day for such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it.
Federal Funds Effective Rate
 
 shall mean the confidential Fee Letter, dated September 8, 2011, between the Borrower and Jefferies Finance LLC.
Fee Letter
 
 shall mean the Commitment Fees, the Administrative Agent Fees, the LC Participation Fees, the Fronting Fees and the other fees referred to in .
Fees
Section 2.05(d)
 
 shall mean the later of (i) the Revolving Maturity Date and (ii) the Term Loan Maturity Date.
Final Maturity Date
 
 of any person shall mean the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of such person.
Financial Officer
 
 shall mean any Lender that is not, for United States federal income tax purposes, (i) a citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation or entity treated as a corporation created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, or any political subdivision thereof, (iii) an estate whose income is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source or (iv) a trust if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of such trust and one or more United States persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of such trust.
Foreign Lender
 
 shall mean a Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia.
Foreign Subsidiary
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Fronting Fee
Section 2.05(c)
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Funding Default
Section 2.16(c)
 
 shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, as in effect from time to time but subject to , applied on a consistent basis.
GAAP
Section 1.04
 
 shall mean any federal, state, local or foreign (whether civil, criminal, military or otherwise) court, central bank or governmental agency, tribunal, authority, instrumentality or regulatory body or any subdivision thereof or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank).
Governmental Authority
 
 shall mean any Legal Requirement of any Governmental Authority requiring notification of the buyer, lessee, mortgagee, assignee or other transferee of any Real Property, facility, establishment or business, or any notification, registration or filing to or with any Governmental Authority, in connection with the disposition (including any transfer of control) of any Real Property, facility, establishment or business, as may be required under any applicable Environmental Law or of any actual or threatened presence or Release in, on, into or from the Environment, or the use, disposal or handling of Hazardous Material on, at, under, from or near the Real Property, facility, establishment or business to be sold, acquired, leased, mortgaged, assigned or transferred.
Governmental Real Property Disclosure Requirements
 
 
18
 
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Granting Lender
Section 10.04(h)
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Guaranteed Obligations
Section 7.01
 
 shall mean the guarantees issued pursuant to by the Subsidiary Guarantors.
Guarantees
Article VII
 
 shall mean hazardous substances, hazardous wastes, hazardous materials, polychlorinated biphenyls () or any substance or compound containing PCBs, asbestos or any asbestos-containing materials in any form or condition, lead-based paint, urea formaldehyde, pesticides, radon or any other radioactive materials including any source, special nuclear or by-product material, petroleum, petroleum products, petroleum-derived substances, crude oil or any fraction thereof, any toxic mold, microbial or fungal contamination that could pose a risk to human health or the Environment or would negatively impact the condition of the Real Property in any material respect or any other pollutants, contaminants, chemicals, wastes, materials, compounds, constituents or substances subject to regulation under, or which can give rise to liability or obligations under, any Environmental Laws.
Hazardous Materials
PCBs
 
 shall mean (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options or warrants to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by, or otherwise subject to, any master agreement or any netting agreement, and (b) any and all transactions or arrangements of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement (or similar documentation) published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such agreement or documentation, together with any related schedules, a ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement.
Hedging Agreement
Master Agreement
 
 shall mean obligations under or with respect to Hedging Agreements.
Hedging Obligations
 
 shall mean, in respect of any one or more Hedging Agreements, after taking into account the effect of any netting agreements relating to such Hedging Agreements (to the extent, and only to the extent, such netting agreements are legally enforceable in Insolvency Proceedings against the applicable counterparty obligor thereunder), (i) for any date on or after the date such Hedging Agreements have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (ii) for any date prior to the date referenced in preceding clause (i), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Hedging Agreements, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Hedging Agreements (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender).
Hedging Termination Value
 
 shall mean Biglari Holdings Inc., an Indiana corporation.
Holdings
 
 
19
 
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Increasing Lenders
Section 2.19(b)
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Incremental Loan Amendment
Section 2.19(d)
 
 of any person shall mean, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such person for borrowed money or advances; (b) all obligations of such person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or similar instruments; (c) all obligations of such person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property purchased by such person (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or lender under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property); (d) all obligations of such person issued or assumed as part of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding trade accounts payable and accrued obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business on normal trade terms and not overdue by more than 90 days); (e) all Indebtedness secured by any Lien on property owned or acquired by such person, whether or not the obligations secured thereby have been assumed, but limited to the lower of (i) the Fair Market Value of such property and (ii) the amount of the Indebtedness secured; (f) all Capital Lease Obligations, Purchase Money Obligations and Synthetic Lease Obligations of such person; (g) all obligations of such person, contingent or otherwise, to purchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire for value any Equity Interests of such person, valued, in the case of a redeemable preferred Equity Interest, at the greater of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends; (h) all Hedging Obligations to the extent required to be reflected on a balance sheet of such person, valued at the Hedging Termination Value thereof; (i) all obligations of such person for the reimbursement of any obligor in respect of letters of credit, letters of guaranty, bankers acceptances and similar credit transactions, but excluding obligations with respect to letters of credit (including trade letters of credit) securing obligations of such person described in clause (c) above or entered into in the ordinary course of business of such person to the extent such letters of credit are not drawn upon; and (j) all Contingent Obligations of such person in respect of Indebtedness or obligations of others of the kinds referred to in clauses (a) through (i) above.  The Indebtedness of any person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such person is a general partner) to the extent such person is liable therefor as a result of such persons ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except (other than in the case of general partner liability) to the extent that terms of such Indebtedness expressly provide that such person is not liable therefor.  shall mean Taxes other than Excluded Taxes.
Indebtedness
Indemnified Taxes
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Indemnitee
Section 10.03(b)
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Information
Section 10.12
 
 shall mean the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other insolvency, bankruptcy, receivership, liquidation, conservatorship, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, reorganization, or similar Legal Requirements of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally.
Insolvency Laws
 
 shall mean (i) any case, action or proceeding before any court or other Governmental Authority relating to bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, liquidation, receivership, dissolution, winding-up or relief of debtors, or (ii) any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, formal or informal moratorium, composition, marshaling of assets for creditors or other, similar arrangement in respect of its creditors generally or any substantial portion of its creditors, in each case, undertaken under United States federal or state or non-United States Legal Requirements, including the Bankruptcy Code of the United States.
Insolvency Proceeding
 
 
20
 
 
 shall mean the insurance policies and coverages required to be maintained by each Loan Party that is an owner or lessee of Mortgaged Property with respect to the applicable Mortgaged Property pursuant to and all renewals and extensions thereof.
Insurance Policies
Section 5.04
 
 shall mean, collectively, all provisions of the Insurance Policies, all requirements of the issuer of any of the Insurance Policies and all Orders, rules, regulations and any other requirements of the National Board of Fire Underwriters (or any other body exercising similar functions) binding upon any Loan Party that is an owner of Mortgaged Property and applicable to the Mortgaged Property or any use or condition thereof.
Insurance Requirements
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Intellectual Property
Section 3.06(a)
 
 shall mean the intercompany demand promissory note substantially in the form of .
Intercompany Note
Exhibit D
 
 shall mean a request by Borrower to convert or continue a Revolving Borrowing or Term Borrowing in accordance with , substantially in the form of .
Interest Election Request
Section 2.08(b)
Exhibit E
 
 shall mean (a) with respect to any ABR Loan (including Swingline Loans), the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December to occur during any period in which such Loan is outstanding, (b) with respect to any Eurodollar Loan, the last day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Eurodollar Loan with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months duration after the first day of such Interest Period, (c) with respect to any Revolving Loan or Swingline Loan, the Revolving Maturity Date (or such earlier date on which the Revolving Commitments are terminated) and, after such maturity (or termination as the case may be), on each date on which demand for payment is made and (d) with respect to any Term Loan, the Term Loan Maturity Date and, after such maturity, on each date on which demand for payment is made.
Interest Payment Date
 
 shall mean, with respect to any Eurodollar Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, two, three or six months (or, if each affected Lender so agrees, nine or twelve months) thereafter, as Borrower may elect; that (a) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, and (b) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period.  For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing.
Interest Period
provided
 
 shall mean funds not constituting the proceeds of any Indebtedness, Debt Issuance, Equity Issuance, Asset Sale or Casualty Event (in each case, without regard to the exclusions from the definitions thereof, other than in the case of an Asset Sale only, any disposition of assets permitted by , , , or ).
Internally Generated Funds
Section 6.04(c)
6.06(a)
6.06(g)
6.06(h)
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Investments
Section 6.04
 
 
21
 
 
 shall mean, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the International Standby Practices 1998 (or ISP 98) published by the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, Inc. (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance of such Letter of Credit).
ISP
 
 shall mean, as the context may require, (a) each of Fifth Third Bank and any other Lender reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and Borrower which agrees to issue Letters of Credit hereunder, with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it; (b) any other Lender that may become an Issuing Bank pursuant to and with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Lender; (c) with respect to each Existing Letter of Credit, the Lender that issued such Existing Letter of Credit,and/or (d) collectively, all of the foregoing.  Any Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by one or more Affiliates of such Issuing Bank (and such Affiliate shall be deemed to be an  for all purposes of the Loan Documents).  In the event that there is more than one Issuing Bank at any time, references herein and in the other Loan Documents to the Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to the Issuing Bank in respect of the applicable Letter of Credit or to all Issuing Banks, as the context requires.
Issuing Bank
Sections 2.18(j)
(k)
 
Issuing Bank
 
 shall mean a joinder agreement substantially in the form of to the Security Agreement.
Joinder Agreement
Exhibit 3
 
 shall mean a Landlord Access Agreement, substantially in the form of , or such other form as may reasonably be acceptable to the Administrative Agent.
Landlord Access Agreement
Exhibit F
 
 shall mean the commitment of the Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit pursuant to ; that at no time shall the LC Commitment exceed the Revolving Commitment.  The amount of the LC Commitment shall be $15,000,000 on the Closing Date.
LC Commitment
Section 2.18
provided
 
 shall mean a payment or disbursement made by the Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit.
LC Disbursement
 
 shall mean, as at any date of determination, the sum of (a) the aggregate amount available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time (b) the aggregate principal amount of all Reimbursement Obligations outstanding at such time.  The LC Exposure of any Revolving Lender at any time shall mean its Pro Rata Percentage of the aggregate LC Exposure at such time.  For all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP (or any other equivalent applicable rule with respect to force majeure events), such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be  in the amount so remaining available to be drawn.
LC Exposure
plus
outstanding
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
LC Participation Fee
Section 2.05(c)
 
 shall mean a request by Borrower in accordance with the terms of and substantially in the form of , or such other form as shall be approved by the Issuing Bank.
LC Request
Section 2.18(b)
Exhibit G
 
 shall mean any and all leases, subleases, tenancies, options, concession agreements, rental agreements, occupancy agreements, franchise agreements, access agreements and any other agreements (including all amendments, extensions, replacements, renewals, modifications and/or guarantees thereof), whether or not of record and whether now in existence or hereafter entered into, affecting the use or occupancy of all or any portion of any Real Property.
Leases
 
 
22
 
 
 shall mean, as to any person, the Organizational Documents of such person, and any treaty, law (including the common law), statute, ordinance, code, rule, regulation, guidelines, license, permit requirement, Order or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such person or any of its property or to which such person or any of its property is subject.
Legal Requirements
 
 shall mean (a) the financial institutions and other persons party hereto as  on the date hereof, and (b) each financial institutions or other person that becomes a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance (including pursuant to ), other than, in each case, any such financial institution or person that has ceased to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance.  Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, the term  shall include the Swingline Lender.
Lenders
Lenders
Section 2.19
Lenders
 
 shall mean any standby letter of credit issued or to be issued by an Issuing Bank for the account of Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries pursuant to .
Letter of Credit
Section 2.18
 
 shall mean the date which is five Business Days prior to the Revolving Maturity Date.
Letter of Credit Expiration Date
 
 shall mean, with respect to any Eurodollar Borrowing for any Interest Period therefor, the rate per annum equal to the arithmetic mean (rounded to the nearest 1/100th of 1%) of the offered rates for deposits in Dollars with a term comparable to such Interest Period that appears on Reuters Screen LIBOR01 (or such other page as may replace such page on such service for the purpose of displaying the rates at which Dollar deposits are offered by leading banks in the London interbank deposit market as designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at approximately 11:00 a.m., London, England time, on the second full Business Day preceding the first day of such Interest Period; , , that (i) if no comparable term for an Interest Period is available, the LIBOR Rate shall be determined using the weighted average of the offered rates for the two terms most nearly corresponding to such Interest Period and (ii) if Reuters Screen LIBOR01 shall at any time no longer exist,  shall mean, with respect to each day during each Interest Period pertaining to Eurodollar Borrowings comprising part of the same Borrowing, the rate per annum equal to the rate at which the Administrative Agent is offered deposits in Dollars at approximately 11:00 a.m., London, England time, two Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period in the London interbank market for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period for the number of days comprised therein and in an amount comparable to its portion of the amount of such Eurodollar Borrowing to be outstanding during such Interest Period.  shall mean the display designated on the Reuters 3000 Xtra Page (or such other page as may replace such page on such service for the purpose of displaying the rates at which Dollar deposits are offered by leading banks in the London interbank deposit market).
LIBOR Rate
provided
however
LIBOR Rate
Reuters Screen LIBOR01
 
 shall mean, with respect to any property, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien (statutory or other), pledge, encumbrance, claim, charge, assignment, hypothecation, deposit arrangement, security interest or encumbrance of any kind or any arrangement to provide priority or preference or any filing of any financing statement under the UCC or any other similar notice of Lien under any similar notice or recording statute of any Governmental Authority, including any easement, servitude, right-of-way or other encumbrance on title to Real Property, in each of the foregoing cases whether voluntary or imposed by law, and any agreement to give any of the foregoing, (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such property, and (c) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities.
Lien
 
 
23
 
 
 shall mean this Agreement, the Letters of Credit, the Notes (if any), the Security Documents, each Joinder Agreement and, except for purposes of , the Fee Letter.
Loan Documents
Section 10.02(b)
 
 shall mean the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors.
Loan Parties
 
 shall mean, as the context may require, a Revolving Loan, a Term Loan or a Swingline Loan.
Loan
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Regulation U.
Margin Stock
 
 shall mean (a) a material adverse effect on, or material adverse change in, the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, assets, liabilities (contingent or otherwise), properties, solvency, business or value of the Companies, taken as a whole, or the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, (b) material impairment of the ability of the Loan Parties to fully and timely perform any of their obligations under any Loan Document, (c) a material impairment of the rights of or benefits or remedies available to the Lenders, the Issuing Bank or any Agent under any Loan Document, or (d) a material adverse effect on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) or the Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent (for its benefit and for the benefit of the other Secured Parties) on the Collateral or the validity, enforceability, perfection or priority of such Liens.
Material Adverse Effect
 
 shall mean any agreement, contract or instrument to which any Company is a party or by which any Company or any of its properties is bound (i) pursuant to which any Company is required to make payments or other consideration, or will receive payments or other consideration, in excess of $2,500,000 in any twelve month period, or (ii) the termination or suspension of which, or the failure of any party thereto to perform its obligations thereunder, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Material Agreement
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Maximum Rate
Section 10.13
 
 shall mean an agreement, including a mortgage, deed of trust or any other document, creating and evidencing a first priority Lien (subject to Permitted Collateral Liens) on a Mortgaged Property, which shall be substantially in the form of or other form reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, in each case, with such schedules and including such provisions as shall be necessary to conform such document to applicable local or foreign law or as shall be customary under applicable local or foreign Legal Requirements.
Mortgage
Exhibit H
 
 shall mean each Real Property, if any, which shall be subject to a Mortgage delivered after the Closing Date pursuant to .
Mortgaged Property
Section 5.10(d)
 
 shall mean (i) the first date on which the Borrowers Total Leverage Ratio, calculated as of the last day of the most recent Test Period, is greater than or equal to 3.75:1.00or (ii) at any time upon and during the continuance of any Default, the date specified as the Mortgage Trigger Date by the Administrative Agent.
Mortgage Trigger Date
 
 
 shall mean a multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) or Section 3(37) of ERISA, (a) to which any Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates is then making or accruing an obligation to make contributions, (b) to which any Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates has within the preceding six plan years made or been obligated to make contributions, or (c) with respect to which any Company could incur liability.
Multiemployer Plan
 
 
24
 
 
 shall mean:
Net Cash Proceeds
 
(a)        with respect to any Asset Sale (other than any issuance or sale of Equity Interests), the proceeds thereof in the form of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities (including any such proceeds received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or purchase price adjustment receivable, or by the sale, transfer or other disposition of any non-cash consideration received in connection therewith or otherwise, but only as and when received) received by any Company (including cash proceeds subsequently received (as and when received by any Company) in respect of non-cash consideration initially received) net of (i) reasonable and customary selling expenses (including reasonable brokers fees or commissions, legal, accounting and other professional and transactional fees, transfer and similar taxes (but excluding any such amounts payable to any Affiliate of Borrower) and Borrowers good faith estimate of income taxes paid or payable in connection with such sale (after taking into account any available tax credits or deductions and any tax sharing arrangements)), (ii) amounts provided as a reserve, in accordance with GAAP, against (x) any liabilities under any indemnification obligations associated with such Asset Sale or (y) any other liabilities retained by any Company associated with the properties sold in such Asset Sale ( that, to the extent and at the time any such amounts are released from such reserve, such amounts shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds), and (iii) the principal amount, premium or penalty, if any, interest and other amounts on any Indebtedness for borrowed money that is secured by a Lien on the properties sold in such Asset Sale (so long as such Lien was permitted to encumber such properties under the Loan Documents at the time of such sale) and which is repaid with such proceeds (other than any such Indebtedness assumed by the purchaser of such properties);
provided
 
(b)        with respect to any (i) Debt Issuance, (ii) Equity Issuance (iii) other issuance or sale of Equity Interests by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any Extraordinary Receipts, the cash proceeds thereof received by any Company, net of reasonable and customary fees (including legal, accounting and other professional and transaction fees and brokers fees), commissions, costs and other expenses incurred in connection therewith; and
 
(c)        with respect to any Casualty Event, the cash insurance proceeds, condemnation awards and other compensation received by any Company in respect thereof, net of all reasonable costs and expenses (including legal, accounting and other professional and transaction fees and brokers fees) incurred in connection with the collection of such proceeds, awards or other compensation in respect of such Casualty Event (including legal, accounting and other professional and transaction fees and brokers fees).
 
 shall mean, at any time, Consolidated Current Assets at such time minus Consolidated Current Liabilities at such time.
Net Working Capital
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
New Lender
Section 2.19(c)
 
 shall mean any notes evidencing the Term Loans, Revolving Loans or Swingline Loans, in each case issued pursuant to , if any, substantially in the form of , or , .
Notes
Section 2.04(e)
Exhibit I-1
I-2
I-3
respectively
 
 shall mean (a) all obligations of Borrower and the other Loan Parties from time to time arising under or in respect of the due and punctual payment of (i) the principal of and premium, if any, and interest (including interest accruing during the pendency of any Insolvency Proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such Insolvency Proceeding) on the Loans, when and as due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, upon one or more dates set for prepayment or otherwise, (ii) each payment required to be made by Borrower and the other Loan Parties under this Agreement in respect of any Letter of Credit, when and as due, including payments in respect of Reimbursement Obligations, interest thereon and obligations to provide cash collateral and (iii) all other monetary obligations, including fees, costs, expenses and indemnities, whether primary, secondary, direct, contingent, fixed or otherwise (including monetary obligations incurred during the pendency of any Insolvency Proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such Insolvency Proceeding), of Borrower and the other Loan Parties under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and (b) the due and punctual performance of all covenants, agreements, obligations and liabilities of Borrower and the other Loan Parties under or pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, in each case, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising.
Obligations
 
 
25
 
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
OFAC
Section 3.21(b)
 
 shall mean a certificate executed by (i) the chairman of the Board of Directors (if an officer), the chief executive officer or the president and (ii) one of the Financial Officers, each in his or her official (and not individual) capacity.
Officers Certificate
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
OID
Section 2.19(a)
 
 shall mean any judgment, decree, verdict, order, consent order, consent decree, writ, declaration or injunction.
Order
 
 shall mean, with respect to any person, (i) in the case of any corporation, the certificate of incorporation or deed of incorporation and by-laws (or similar documents) of such person, (ii) in the case of any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement or memorandum and articles of association (or similar constitutive documents) of such person, (iii) in the case of any limited partnership, the certificate of formation and limited partnership agreement (or similar constitutive documents) of such person (and, where applicable, the equityholders or shareholders registry of such person), (iv) in the case of any general partnership, the partnership agreement (or similar constitutive document) of such person, (v) in any other case, the functional equivalent of the foregoing, and (vi) any shareholder, voting trust or similar agreement between or among any holders of Equity Interests of such person.
Organizational Documents
 
 shall mean any and all present or future stamp or documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges (including fees and expenses to the extent incurred with respect to any such taxes or charges) or similar levies (including interest, fines, penalties and additions with respect to any of the foregoing) arising from any payment made or required to be made under any Loan Document or from the execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document.
Other Taxes
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Participant
Section 10.04(e)
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Patriot Act
Section 3.21(a)
 
 shall mean the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA.
PBGC
 
 shall mean any Employee Benefit Plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA which is maintained or contributed to by any Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates or with respect to which any Company could reasonably be expected to incur liability, contingent or otherwise, under ERISA (including under Section 4069 of ERISA).
Pension Plan
 
 
26
 
 
 shall mean a perfection certificate in the form of or any other form approved by the Collateral Agent, as the same shall be supplemented from time to time by a Perfection Certificate Supplement or otherwise.
Perfection Certificate
Exhibit J-1
 
 shall mean a perfection certificate supplement in the form of or any other form approved by the Collateral Agent.
Perfection Certificate Supplement
Exhibit J-2
 
 shall mean any transaction or series of related transactions for the direct or indirect (a) acquisition of all or substantially all of the property of any person, or of any business or division of any person, (b) acquisition of in excess of 50% of the Equity Interests of any person, and otherwise causing such person to become a Subsidiary of such person, or (c) merger or consolidation or any other combination with any person, if each of the following conditions is met:
Permitted Acquisition
 
(i)        no Default then exists or would result therefrom;
 
(ii)       after giving effect to such transaction on a Pro Forma Basis, (A) Borrower shall be in compliance with all covenants set forth in as of the most recent Test Period (assuming, for purposes of , that (i) such transaction had occurred on the first day of such relevant Test Period, and (ii) the maximum Total Leverage Ratio permitted in any Test Period pursuant to is the lesser of (1) 3.00:1.00 and (2) 0.25:1.00 lower than the maximum Total Leverage Ratio set forth in for such Test Period), and (B) to the extent that (i) the transaction involves Acquisition Consideration in excess of $5,000,000 or (ii) the Borrower is not in compliance with the covenant set forth in as of the most recent Test Period (assuming, for purposes of , that (1) such transaction had occurred on the first day of such relevant Test Period, and (2) the maximum Total Leverage Ratio permitted in any Test Period pursuant to is 0.50:1.00 lower than the maximum Total Leverage Ratio set forth in for such Test Period), the person or business to be acquired shall have generated positive cash flow for the Test Period most recently ended prior to the date of consummation of such acquisition unless expressly approved by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion;
Section 6.10
Section 6.10(a)
Section 6.10(a)
Section 6.10(a)
Section 6.10(a)
Section 6.10(a)
Section 6.10(a)
Section 6.10(a)
 
(iii)      after giving effect to such transaction on a Pro Forma Basis, the aggregate amount of (A) all unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents of the Loan Parties and (B) the undrawn and available portion of the Revolving Commitments shall be at least $10,000,000;
 
(iv)      no Company shall, in connection with any such transaction, assume or remain liable with respect to any Indebtedness or Contingent Obligation (including any material tax or ERISA liability) of the related seller or the business, person or properties acquired, except (A) to the extent permitted under and (B) obligations not constituting Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business (and not in anticipation of such acquisition) and necessary or desirable to the continued operation of the underlying business, persons or properties being so acquired, and any other such liabilities or obligations not permitted to be assumed or otherwise supported by any Company hereunder shall be paid in full or released as to the business, persons or properties being so acquired on or before the consummation of such acquisition;
Section 6.01
 
(v)       the person or business to be acquired shall be, or shall be engaged in, a business of the type that Borrower and its Subsidiaries are permitted to be engaged in under and the property acquired in connection with any such transaction shall be made subject to the Lien of the Security Documents in accordance with and shall be free and clear of any Liens, other than Permitted Collateral Liens;
Section 6.14
Section 5.10
 
 
27
 
 
(vi)      the Board of Directors of the person to be acquired shall not have indicated its opposition to the consummation of such acquisition (which opposition has not been publicly withdrawn);
 
(vii)     all transactions in connection therewith shall be consummated, in all material respects, in accordance with all applicable Legal Requirements;
 
(viii)    with respect to any transaction involving Acquisition Consideration of more than $10,000,000, Borrower shall have provided the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with (A) historical financial statements for the last three fiscal years (or, if less, the number of years since formation) of the person or business to be acquired (audited if available without undue cost or delay) and unaudited financial statements thereof for the most recent interim period that is available, (B) quarterly projections for the year following such Permitted Acquisition and annual projections for the year immediately following such year (or, if sooner, through the Final Maturity Date) pertaining to the person or business to be acquired and updated projections for Borrower after giving effect to such transaction, (C) a reasonably detailed description of all material information relating thereto and copies of all material documentation pertaining to such transaction, and (D) all such other information and data relating to such transaction or the person or business to be acquired as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, to the extent made available to or otherwise obtainable by Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor;
 
(ix)       such transaction could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;
 
(x)        at least five Business Days prior to the proposed date of consummation of the transaction, Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders an Officers Certificate certifying that such transaction complies with this definition (which shall have attached thereto reasonably detailed backup data and calculations showing such compliance);
 
(xi)       the aggregate amount of the Acquisition Consideration for all Permitted Acquisitions, when taken together with the aggregate amount of Acquisition Consideration for all acquisitions permitted pursuant to Section 6.07(f), in each case, since the Closing Date shall not exceed $50,000,000; that no Equity Interests constituting all or a portion of such Acquisition Consideration shall require any payments or other distributions of cash or property in respect thereof, or any purchases, redemptions or other acquisitions thereof for cash or property, in each case prior to the 91st day following payment in full and performance of the Obligations; and
provided
 
(xii)      (a) in the case of an acquisition of all or substantially all of the property of any person, (A) the person making such acquisition is Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor, and (B) to the extent required under the Loan Documents, including , upon consummation of the Permitted Acquisition, the person being so acquired becomes a Subsidiary Guarantor, (b) in the case of an acquisition of in excess of 50% of the Equity Interests of any person, (A) the person making such acquisition is Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor, and (B) to the extent required under the Loan Documents, including , upon consummation of the Permitted Acquisition, the person the Equity Interests of which are being so acquired becomes a Subsidiary Guarantor, and (c) in the case of a merger or consolidation or any other combination with any person, the person surviving such merger, consolidation or other combination (x) is Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor or (y) to the extent required under the Loan Documents, including , upon consummation of the Permitted Acquisition becomes a Subsidiary Guarantor.
Section 5.10
Section 5.10
Section 5.10
 
 
28
 
 
 shall mean (a) in the case of Collateral other than Mortgaged Property, Permitted Liens and (b) in the case of Mortgaged Property, Permitted Collateral Liens shall mean the Liens described in clauses (a), (b), (d), (e), (g) and (l) of ; , , upon the date of delivery of each Mortgage under or , Permitted Collateral Liens shall mean only those Liens that are (i) identified on a schedule to the applicable Mortgage, (ii) excepted as being prior to the Lien of such Mortgage as set forth in the title insurance policy (or commitment) relating to such Mortgaged Property issued by the applicable Title Company and (iii) otherwise Permitted Liens.
Permitted Collateral Liens
Section 6.02
provided
however
Section 5.10
5.11
 
 shall mean any Hedging Agreement to the extent constituting a swap, cap, collar, forward purchase or similar agreements or arrangements dealing with interest rates, currency exchange rates or commodity prices, either generally or under specific contingencies, in each case entered into in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes or taking a market view.
Permitted Hedging Agreement
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Permitted Liens
Section 6.02
 
 shall mean payments, dividends or distributions by Borrower to Holdings in order to pay consolidated or combined federal, state or local taxes which payments by Borrower are not in excess of the tax liabilities that would have been payable by Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a stand-alone basis.
Permitted Tax Distributions
 
 shall mean any natural person, corporation, business trust, joint venture, trust, association, company (whether limited in liability or otherwise), partnership (whether limited in liability or otherwise) or Governmental Authority, or any other entity, in any case, whether acting in a personal, fiduciary or other capacity.
person
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Platform
Section 10.01(d)
 
 shall mean each Company listed on , and each other Subsidiary of any Loan Party that is or becomes a party to this Agreement (in its capacity as a Subsidiary Guarantor) and the Security Documents pursuant to .
Pledgor
Schedule 1.01(c)
Section 5.10
 
 shall mean, with respect to any person, any and all preferred or preference Equity Interests (however designated) of such person whether now outstanding or issued after the Closing Date.
Preferred Stock
 
 shall mean the issuance or sale by any Company of any Preferred Stock after the Closing Date.
Preferred Stock Issuance
 
 shall have the meaning assigned thereto in the applicable Mortgage.
Premises
 
 shall mean, with respect to compliance with any test or covenant hereunder, compliance with such covenant or test after giving effect to (a) any Permitted Acquisition (to the extent not subsequently disposed of during such period) or (b) any Asset Sale, as if such Permitted Acquisition or Asset Sale, and all other Permitted Acquisitions or Asset Sales consummated during the applicable period, and any Indebtedness or other liabilities incurred in connection with such Permitted Acquisitions or Asset Sales had been consummated and incurred at the beginning of such period.  For purposes of this definition, if any Indebtedness to be so incurred bears interest at a floating rate and is being given pro forma effect, the interest on such Indebtedness will be calculated as if the rate in effect on the date of incurrence had been the applicable rate for the entire period (taking into account any applicable interest rate Hedging Agreements).
Pro Forma Basis
 
 
29
 
 
 of any Revolving Lender at any time shall mean the percentage of the total Revolving Commitments of all Revolving Lenders represented by such Lenders Revolving Commitment.
Pro Rata Percentage
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Projections
Section 3.04(c)
 
 shall mean any right, title or interest in or to property or assets of any kind whatsoever, whether real, personal or mixed and whether tangible or intangible and including Equity Interests of any person and whether now in existence or owned or hereafter entered into or acquired, including all Real Property, cash, securities, accounts, revenues and contract rights.
property
 
 shall mean, for any person, the obligations of such person in respect of Indebtedness (including Capital Lease Obligations) incurred for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price of any fixed or capital assets (including Equity Interests of any person owning fixed or capital assets) or the cost of installation, construction or improvement of any fixed or capital assets.
Purchase Money Obligation
 
 of any person shall mean any Equity Interests of such person that are not Disqualified Capital Stock.
Qualified Capital Stock
 
 shall mean, collectively, all right, title and interest (including any leasehold, fee, mineral or other estate) in and to any and all parcels of or interests in real property owned, leased or operated by any person, whether by lease, license or other means, together with, in each case, all easements, hereditaments and appurtenances relating thereto, all improvements and appurtenant fixtures and equipment, all general intangibles and contract rights and other property and rights incidental to the ownership, lease or operation thereof.
Real Property
 
 shall mean the repayment in full of, and the termination of any commitment to make extensions of credit under, all of the outstanding indebtedness of any Company listed on .
Refinancing
Schedule 1.01(d)
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Register
Section 10.04(c)
 
 shall mean Regulation D of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof.
Regulation D
 
 shall mean Regulation T of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof.
Regulation T
 
 shall mean Regulation U of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof.
Regulation U
 
 shall mean Regulation X of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof.
Regulation X
 
 shall mean Borrowers obligations under to reimburse LC Disbursements.
Reimbursement Obligations
Section 2.18(e)
 
 shall mean, with respect to any person, (a) each Affiliate of such person and each of the officers, directors, partners, trustees, employees, affiliates, shareholders, Advisors, agents, attorneys-in-fact and Controlling persons of each of the foregoing, and (b) if such person is an Agent, each other person designated, nominated or otherwise mandated by or assisting such Agent pursuant to or any comparable provision of any Loan Document.
Related Person
Section 9.05
 
 
30
 
 
 shall mean any spilling, leaking, seepage, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping, disposing, depositing, dispersing, emanating or migrating of any Hazardous Materials in, into, onto, from or through the Environment or any Real Property.
Release
 
 shall mean, at any date of determination (and subject to Section 2.16(c)), Lenders having Loans, LC Exposure and unused Revolving and Term Loan Commitments representing more than 50% of the sum of all Loans outstanding, LC Exposure and unused Revolving and Term Loan Commitments at such time.
Required Lenders
 
 shall mean (a)  as such term is defined in CERCLA, 42 U.S.C.  9601(25) or any other applicable Environmental Law, or (b) all other actions required by any Governmental Authority or voluntarily undertaken to (i) clean up, remove, treat, remediate, contain, assess, abate, monitor or in any other way address any Hazardous Materials at, in, on, under or from any Real Property, or otherwise in the Environment, (ii) prevent, stop, control or minimize the Release or threat of Release, or minimize the further Release, of any Hazardous Material, or (iii) perform studies, investigations, maintenance or monitoring in connection with, following, or as a precondition to or to determine the necessity of, the actions set forth in clause (i) or (ii) above.
Response
response
 
 shall mean Indebtedness of any Company, the payment, prepayment, repurchase, defeasance or acquisition for value of which is restricted under .
Restricted Indebtedness
Section 6.11
 
 of any person shall mean any executive officer or Financial Officer of such person and any other officer or similar official thereof with significant responsibility for the administration of the obligations of such person in respect of this Agreement.
Responsible Officer
 
 shall mean the period from and including the Closing Date to but excluding the earlier of (i) the Business Day preceding the Revolving Maturity Date and (ii) the date of termination of the Revolving Commitments.
Revolving Availability Period
 
 shall mean a Borrowing comprised of Revolving Loans.
Revolving Borrowing
 
 shall mean, with respect to each Lender, the commitment, if any, of such Lender to make Revolving Loans hereunder up to the amount set forth on or on to the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender assumed its Revolving Commitment, as applicable, as the same may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to and (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to .  The aggregate principal amount of the Lenders Revolving Commitments on the Closing Date is $20,000,000.
Revolving Commitment
Annex I
Schedule 1
Section 2.07
Section 10.04
 
 shall mean, with respect to any Lender at any time, the aggregate principal amount at such time of all outstanding Revolving Loans of such Lender, the aggregate amount at such time of such Lenders LC Exposure, the aggregate amount at such time of such Lenders Swingline Exposure.
Revolving Exposure
plus
plus
 
 shall mean a Lender with a Revolving Commitment.
Revolving Lender
 
 
31
 
 
 shall mean a Loan made by the Lenders to Borrower pursuant to .  Each Revolving Loan shall either be an ABR Revolving Loan or a Eurodollar Revolving Loan.
Revolving Loan
Section 2.01(b)
 
 shall mean September 8, 2014, the date which is three years after the Closing Date or, if such date is not a Business Day, the first Business Day thereafter.
Revolving Maturity Date
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Sale and Leaseback Transaction
Section 6.03
 
 shall mean the United States Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 
 shall mean (a) the Obligations, (b) the due and punctual payment and performance of all obligations of Borrower and the other Loan Parties under (i) each Permitted Hedging Agreement intended to protect against fluctuations in interest rates entered into with any counterparty that is a Secured Party and (ii) the Existing Hedge Agreement so long as Fifth Third Bank is a Lender or is otherwise a Secured Party and (c) the due and punctual payment and performance of all obligations of Borrower and the other Loan Parties in respect of overdrafts and related liabilities owed to any Secured Party arising from treasury, depositary and cash management services or in connection with any automated clearinghouse transfer of funds.
Secured Obligations
 
 shall mean, collectively:
Secured Parties
 
(a)        with respect to the Obligations, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, each other Agent and the Lenders;
 
(b)        with respect to obligations under Permitted Hedging Agreements intended to protect against fluctuations in interest rates, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, each other Agent, the Lenders and each counterparty to a Permitted Hedging Agreement relating to the Loans if (i) at the date of entering into such Hedging Agreement such counterparty was an Agent, a Lender or an Affiliate of an Agent or Lender, and (ii) such counterparty executes and delivers to the Administrative Agent a letter agreement in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent pursuant to which such counterparty (x) appoints the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent as its agents under the applicable Loan Documents and (y) agrees to be bound by the provisions of , and as if it were a Lender; and
Sections 9.03
10.03
10.09
 
(c)        with respect to overdrafts and related liabilities arising from treasury, depositary and cash management services or in connection with any automated clearinghouse transfer of funds, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, each other Agent, each Lender, and each Affiliate of an Agent or Lender that, in each case, provides treasury, depositary and/or cash management services to a Loan Party; provided that such Affiliate executes and delivers to the Administrative Agent a letter agreement in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent pursuant to which such Affiliate (x) appoints the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent as its agents under the applicable Loan Documents and (y) agrees to be bound by the provisions of , and as if it were a Lender.
Sections 9.03
10.03
10.09
 
 shall mean the Securities Act of 1933.
Securities Act
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Security Agreement.
Securities Collateral
 
 
32
 
 
 shall mean a Security Agreement substantially in the form of among the Loan Parties and the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, as the same may be supplemented from time to time by one or more Joinder Agreements.
Security Agreement
Exhibit K
 
 shall mean all property pledged or granted as collateral pursuant to the Security Agreement delivered on the Closing Date or thereafter pursuant to .
Security Agreement Collateral
Section 5.10
 
 shall mean the Security Agreement, the Mortgages, each Control Agreement and each other security document or pledge agreement delivered in accordance with applicable local or foreign Legal Requirements to grant a valid, enforceable, perfected security interest (with the priority required under the Loan Documents) in any property as collateral for the Secured Obligations, and all UCC or other financing statements or instruments of perfection required by this Agreement, the Security Agreement, any Mortgage, any Control Agreement or any other such security document or pledge agreement to be filed or registered with respect to the security interests in property created pursuant to the Security Agreement, any Mortgage, any Control Agreement and any other document or instrument utilized to pledge any property as collateral for the Secured Obligations.
Security Documents
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Solvency Certificate
Section 4.01(h)
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
SPC
Section 10.04(h)
 
 shall mean, for any day during any Interest Period for any Eurodollar Borrowing, the average maximum rate at which reserves (including any marginal, supplemental or emergency reserves) are required to be maintained, during such Interest Period under regulations issued from time to time (including Regulation D, issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Bank of the United States (the ) by member banks of the United States Federal Reserve System in New York City with deposits exceeding one billion Dollars against Eurocurrency funding liabilities (currently referred to as Eurocurrency liabilities (as such term is used in Regulation D)).  Eurodollar Borrowings shall be deemed to constitute Eurodollar liabilities and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exceptions or offsets which may be available from time to time to any Lender under the Reserve Regulations.
Statutory Reserves
Reserve Regulations
 
 shall mean Indebtedness of any Company that is by its terms subordinated in right of payment to all or any portion of the Secured Obligations.
Subordinated Indebtedness
 
 shall mean, with respect to any person (the ) at any date, (i) any person the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parents consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, (ii) any other corporation, limited liability company, association or other business entity of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50% of the voting power of all Equity Interests entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of the Board of Directors thereof are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held by the parent and/or one or more subsidiaries of the parent, (iii) any partnership (a) the sole general partner or the managing general partner of which is the parent and/or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or (b) the only general partners of which are the parent and/or one or more subsidiaries of the parent and (iv) any other person that is otherwise Controlled by the parent and/or one or more subsidiaries of the parent.  Unless the context requires otherwise,  refers to a Subsidiary of Borrower.
Subsidiary
parent
Subsidiary
 
 shall mean each Subsidiary listed on , and each other Subsidiary of any Loan Party that is or becomes a party to this Agreement and the Security Documents pursuant to .
Subsidiary Guarantor
Schedule 1.01(b)
Section 5.10
 
 
33
 
 
 shall mean a survey of any Mortgaged Property (and all improvements thereon) which is (a) (i) prepared by a surveyor or engineer licensed to perform surveys in the state where such Mortgaged Property is located, (ii) dated (or redated) not earlier than six months prior to the date of delivery thereof unless there shall have occurred within six months prior to such date of delivery any exterior construction on the site of such Mortgaged Property or any easement, right of way or other interest in the Mortgaged Property has been granted or become effective through operation of applicable Legal Requirements or otherwise with respect to such Mortgaged Property which, in either case, can be depicted on a survey, in which events, as applicable, such survey shall be dated (or redated) after the completion of such construction or if such construction shall not have been completed as of such date of delivery, not earlier than 20 days prior to such date of delivery, or after the grant or effectiveness of any such easement, right of way or other interest in the Mortgaged Property, (iii) certified by the surveyor (in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Title Company, (iv) complying in all respects with the minimum detail requirements of the American Land Title Association as such requirements are in effect on the date of preparation of such survey and (v) sufficient for the Title Company to remove all standard survey exceptions from the title insurance policy (or commitment) relating to such Mortgaged Property and issue the endorsements of the type required by or (b) otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent.
Survey
Section 5.10(d)(i)(C)
 
 shall mean the commitment of the Swingline Lender to make loans pursuant to , as the same may be reduced from time to time pursuant to that at no time shall the Swingline Commitment exceed the Revolving Commitment.  The aggregate principal amount of the Swingline Commitment shall be $5,000,000on the Closing Date.
Swingline Commitment
Section 2.17
Section 2.07
provided
 
 
 shall mean at any time the aggregate principal amount at such time of all outstanding Swingline Loans.  The Swingline Exposure of any Revolving Lender at any time shall equal its Pro Rata Percentage of the aggregate Swingline Exposure at such time.
Swingline Exposure
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto.
Swingline Lender
 
 shall mean any loan made by the Swingline Lender pursuant to .
Swingline Loan
Section 2.17
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto.
Syndication Agent
 
 shall mean, as to any person, (a) any lease (including leases that may be terminated by the lessee at any time) of any property (i) that is accounted for as an operating lease under GAAP and (ii) in respect of which the lessee retains or obtains ownership of the property so leased for U.S. federal income tax purposes, other than any such lease under which such person is the lessor or (b) (i) a synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax retention lease, or (ii) an agreement for the use or possession of property (including a Sale and Leaseback Transaction), in each case under this clause (b), creating obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such person but which, upon the application of any Insolvency Laws to such person, would be characterized as the indebtedness of such person (without regard to accounting treatment).
Synthetic Lease
 
 shall mean, as to any person, an amount equal to the capitalized amount of the remaining lease payments under any Synthetic Lease that would appear on a balance sheet of such person in accordance with GAAP if such obligations were accounted for as Capital Lease Obligations.
Synthetic Lease Obligations
 
 shall mean any swap, derivative or other agreement or combination of agreements pursuant to which any Company is or may become obligated to make (a) any payment in connection with a purchase by any third party from a person other than a Company of any Equity Interest or Restricted Indebtedness or (b) any payment (other than on account of a permitted purchase by it of any Equity Interest or Restricted Indebtedness) the amount of which is determined by reference to the price or value at any time of any Equity Interest or Restricted Indebtedness.
Synthetic Purchase Agreement
 
 
34
 
 
 shall mean all returns, statements, filings, attachments and other documents or certifications filed or required to be filed in respect of Taxes.
Tax Returns
 
 shall mean (i) any and all present or future taxes, duties, levies, imposts, assessments, fees, deductions, withholdings or other similar charges, whether computed on a separate, consolidated, unitary, combined or other basis and any and all liabilities (including interest, fines, penalties or additions with respect to any of the foregoing) with respect to the foregoing, and (ii) solely for purposes of Sections 3.13 and 5.05, any transferee, successor, joint and several, contractual or other liability (including liability pursuant to Treasury Regulation  1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state, local or non-U.S. law)) in respect of any item described in clause (i).
Taxes
 
 shall mean a Borrowing comprised of Term Loans.
Term Borrowing
 
 shall mean, with respect to each Lender, the commitment, if any, of such Lender to make a Term Loan hereunder in the amount set forth on Annex I to this Agreement or on Schedule 1 to the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender assumed its Term Loan Commitment, as applicable, as the same may be (a) increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.19 and (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to .  The aggregate principal amount of the Lenders Term Loan Commitments on the Closing Date is $110,000,000.
Term Loan Commitment
Section 10.04
 
 shall mean a Lender with a Term Loan Commitment or an outstanding Term Loan.
Term Loan Lender
 
 shall mean September 8, 2015, the date which is four years after the Closing Date or, if such date is not a Business Day, the first Business Day thereafter.
Term Loan Maturity Date
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Term Loan Repayment Date
Section 2.09(a)
 
 shall mean the term loans made by the Lenders to Borrower pursuant to and .  Each Term Loan shall be either an ABR Term Loan or a Eurodollar Term Loan.
Term Loans
Section 2.01(a)
Section 2.19
 
 shall mean, at any time, the four consecutive fiscal quarters of Borrower then last ended (in each case taken as one accounting period) for which financial statements have been or are required to be delivered pursuant to or .
Test Period
Section 5.01(a)
(b)
 
 shall mean any title insurance company as shall be retained by Borrower and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent.
Title Company
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Title Policy
Section 5.10(d)(i)(C)
 
 shall mean, at any date of determination, the ratio of (i) Consolidated Indebtedness on such date to (ii) Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period then most recently ended.
Total Leverage Ratio
 
 shall mean, collectively, (a) the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents and the initial Credit Extensions hereunder, (b) the Refinancing; (c) the Closing Date Dividend; and (d) the payment of all fees, costs and expenses to be paid on or prior to the Closing Date owing in connection with the foregoing.
Transactions
 
 
35
 
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Transferred Guarantor
Section 7.09
 
 shall mean, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, a reference to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined on the basis of Adjusted LIBOR Rate or the Alternate Base Rate.
Type
 
 shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time (except as otherwise specified) in any applicable state or jurisdiction.
UCC
 
 shall mean the excess of a Pension Plans benefit liabilities under Section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA, over the current value of that Pension Plans assets, determined in accordance with the actuarial assumptions used for funding the Pension Plan pursuant to Section 412 of the Code for the applicable plan year.
Unfunded Pension Liability
 
 and  shall mean the United States of America.
United States
U.S.
 
 shall mean, with respect to any Term Loans made pursuant to , (i) the interest rate applicable to such Term Loans (ii) the interest rate applicable to Term Loans set forth in , (iii) 50 basis points.
Yield Differential
Section 2.19
minus
Section 2.06
minus
 
 shall mean, with respect to any person, any class or classes of Equity Interests pursuant to which the holders thereof have the general voting power under ordinary circumstances to elect at least a majority of the Board of Directors of such person.
Voting Stock
 
 shall mean, with respect to any person, (a) any corporation 100% of whose capital stock (other than directors qualifying shares to the extent required under applicable Legal Requirements) is at the time owned by such person and/or one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such person and (b) any partnership, association, joint venture, limited liability company or other entity in which such person and/or one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such person have a 100% equity interest (other than directors qualifying shares to the extent required under applicable Legal Requirements) at such time.
Wholly Owned Subsidiary
 
.  For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class (, a Revolving Loan) or by Type (e.g., a Eurodollar Loan) or by Class and Type (, a Eurodollar Revolving Loan).  Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class (, a Revolving Borrowing, Borrowing of Term Loans) or by Type (e.g., a Eurodollar Borrowing) or by Class and Type (, a Eurodollar Revolving Borrowing).
Section 1.02      
Classification of Loans and Borrowings
e.g.
e.g.
e.g.
e.g.
 
.  The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined.  Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms.  The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation.  The phrase Material Adverse Effect shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase , individually or in the aggregate.  The words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect.  The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall.  Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any Loan Document, agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth in any Loan Document), (b) any reference herein to any person shall be construed to include such persons successors and assigns, (c) the words herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, and (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement, unless otherwise indicated and (e) any reference to any law or regulation shall (i) include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing or interpreting or supplementing such law or regulation, and (ii) unless otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time.  This shall apply, , to all Loan Documents.
Section 1.03      
Terms Generally
Section 1.03
mutatis mutandis
 
 
36
 
 
.  Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all financial statements to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in accordance with and all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with GAAP as in effect from time to time.  If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio set forth in any Loan Document or any financial definition of any other provision of this Agreement, and Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent and Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to approval by the Required Lenders and Borrower); that, until so amended, such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein, and Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders within five days after delivery of each certificate or financial report required hereunder that is affected thereby a written statement of a Financial Officer of Borrower setting forth in reasonable detail the differences (including any differences that would affect any calculations relating to the financial covenants as set forth in ) that would have resulted if such financial statements had been prepared without giving effect to such change.  Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, any lease that is treated as an operating lease for purposes of GAAP as of the date hereof shall continue to be treated as an operating lease (and any future lease, if it were in effect on the date hereof, that would be treated as an operating lease for purposes of GAAP as of the date hereof shall be treated as an operating lease), in each case for purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding any change in GAAP after the date hereof.
Section 1.04      
Accounting Terms; GAAP
provided
Section 6.10
 
.  With respect to any applicable period during which any Permitted Acquisition or Asset Sale occurs as permitted pursuant to the terms hereof, the financial covenants set forth in and the Total Leverage Ratio for purposes of determining the Applicable Margin (if applicable) shall be calculated with respect to such period and such Permitted Acquisition or Asset Sale on a Pro Forma Basis.  Any financial ratios required to be satisfied in order for a specific action to be permitted under this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number).
Section 1.05      
Pro Forma Calculations; Rounding
Section 6.10
 
 
.  Subject to the terms and conditions and relying upon the representations and warranties herein set forth:
Section 2.01      
Commitments
 
(a)        each Term Lender agrees, severally and not jointly, to make a Term Loan to Borrower on the Closing Date in the principal amount equal to its Term Loan Commitment; and
 
 
37
 
 
(b)        each Revolving Lender agrees, severally and not jointly, to make Revolving Loans to Borrower, at any time and from time to time after the Closing Date until the earlier of the Revolving Maturity Date and the termination of the Revolving Commitment of such Lender in accordance with the terms hereof, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in such Lenders Revolving Exposure exceeding such Lenders Revolving Commitment.
 
Amounts paid or prepaid in respect of Term Loans may not be reborrowed.  Within the limits set forth in clause (b) above and subject to the terms, conditions and limitations set forth herein, Borrower may borrow, pay or prepay and reborrow Revolving Loans.
 
.  (a) Each Loan (other than Swingline Loans) shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their applicable Commitments; that the failure of any Lender to make any Loan shall not in itself relieve any other Lender of its obligation to lend hereunder (it being understood, however, that no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make any Loan required to be made by such other Lender).  Except for Loans deemed made pursuant to , (x) any Borrowing shall be in an aggregate principal amount that is (i) an integral multiple of $100,000and not less than $250,000 or (ii) equal to the remaining available balance of the applicable Commitments.
Section 2.02      
Loans
provided
Section 2.18(e)(ii)
 
 
(b)        Subject to and , each Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans or Eurodollar Loans as Borrower may request pursuant to .  Each Lender may at its option make any Eurodollar Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch of such Lender to make such Loan; that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Lender to make such Loan and Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  Borrowings of more than one Type may be outstanding at the same time; that Borrower shall not be entitled to request any Borrowing that, if made, would result in more than five Eurodollar Borrowings outstanding hereunder at any one time.  For purposes of the foregoing, Borrowings having different Interest Periods, regardless of whether they commence on the same date, shall be considered separate Borrowings.
Sections 2.11
2.12
Section 2.03
provided
provided
 
(c)        Except with respect to Loans made pursuant to , each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds to such account in New York City as the Administrative Agent may designate from time to time not later than 10:00 a.m., New York City time, and the Administrative Agent shall promptly credit the amounts so received to an account as directed by Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request maintained with the Administrative Agent or, if a Borrowing shall not occur on such date because any condition precedent herein specified shall not have been met, return the amounts so received to the respective Lenders within two Business Days.
Section 2.18(e)(ii)
 
(d)        Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice from a Lender prior to the date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lenders portion of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such portion available to the Administrative Agent on the date of such Borrowing in accordance with , and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to Borrower on such date a corresponding amount.  If the Administrative Agent shall have so made funds available, then, to the extent that such Lender shall not have made such portion available to the Administrative Agent, each of such Lender and Borrower severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is made available to Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules or practices on interbank compensation, and (ii) in the case of Borrower, the interest rate applicable at the time to ABR Loans.  If such Lender shall repay to the Administrative Agent such corresponding amount, such amount shall constitute such Lenders Loan as part of such Borrowing for purposes of this Agreement, and Borrowers obligation to repay the Administrative Agent such corresponding amount pursuant to this shall cease.
Section 2.02(c)
Section 2.02(d)
 
 
38
 
 
(e)        Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Borrower shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Revolving Maturity Date or the Term Loan Maturity Date, as applicable.
 
.  To request a Revolving Borrowing or Term Borrowing, Borrower shall deliver, by hand delivery or telecopy (or transmit by other electronic transmission, if arrangements for doing so have been approved in writing by the Administrative Agent), a duly completed and executed Borrowing Request to the Administrative Agent (i) in the case of a Eurodollar Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing (except that in the case of proposed Eurodollar Borrowings on the Closing Date, such Borrowing Request may be delivered not later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the Closing Date)  or (ii) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing.  Each Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable and shall specify the following information in compliance with :
Section 2.03      
Borrowing Procedure
Section 2.02
 
(a)        whether the requested Borrowing is to be a Borrowing of Revolving Loans or Term Loans;
 
(b)        the aggregate amount of such Borrowing;
 
(c)        the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day;
 
(d)        whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Eurodollar Borrowing;
 
(e)        in the case of a Eurodollar Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto;
 
(f)        the location and number of Borrowers account to which funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements of ; and
Section 2.02(c)
 
(g)        that the conditions set forth in are satisfied as of the date of the notice.
Sections 4.02(b)-(d)
 
If no election as to the Type of Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing.  If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Eurodollar Revolving Borrowing, then Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one months duration.  Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this , the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lenders Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing.
Section 2.03
 
.  (a) Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay to (i) the Administrative Agent for the account of each Term Loan Lender, the principal amount of each Term Loan of such Term Loan Lender as provided in , (ii) the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender, the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan of such Revolving Lender on the Revolving Maturity Date and (iii) the Swingline Lender, the then unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan on the earlier of the Revolving Maturity Date and the first date after such Swingline Loan is made that is the 15th or last day of a calendar month (or, if such date is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day) and is at least five (5) Business Days after such Swingline Loan is made; that, on each date that a Revolving Borrowing is made, Borrower shall repay all Swingline Loans that were outstanding on the date such Borrowing was requested.
Section 2.04      
Evidence of Debt; Repayment of Loans
Section 2.09
provided
 
 
39
 
 
(b)        Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender from time to time, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time under this Agreement.
 
(c)        The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it will record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Type and Class thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from Borrower to each Lender hereunder, and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lenders share thereof.
 
(d)        The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to and shall be evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations therein recorded; that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligations of Borrower and the other Loan Parties to pay, and perform, the Obligations in accordance with the Loan Documents.  In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent in respect of such entries, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error.
Sections 2.04(b)
(c)
prima facie
provided
 
(e)        Any Lender by written notice to Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) may request that Loans of any Class made by it be evidenced by a promissory note.  In such event, Borrower shall promptly (and, in all events, within five Business Days of receipt of such request) prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to the order of such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) in the form of , or , as the case may be.  Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to ) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the order of the payee named therein (or, if such promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its registered assigns).
Exhibit I-1
I-2
I-3
Section 10.04
 
.
Section 2.05      
Fees
 
(a)        .  Subject to Section 2.16(c), Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a commitment fee (a ) equal to 0.75% per annum of the average daily unused amount of each Revolving Commitment of such Lender during the period from and including the date hereof to but excluding the date on which such Revolving Commitment terminates.  Accrued Commitment Fees shall be payable in arrears (A) on the last Business Day of March, June, September and December of each year, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof, and (B) on the date on which such Commitment terminates.  Commitment Fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day).  For purposes of computing Commitment Fees, a Revolving Commitment of a Lender shall be deemed to be used to the extent of the outstanding Revolving Loans and LC Exposure of such Lender (and the Swingline Exposure of such Lender shall be disregarded for such purpose).
Commitment Fee
Commitment Fee
 
 
40
 
 
(b)        .  Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, the administrative fees set forth in the Fee Letter and such other fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between Borrower and the Administrative Agent (the ).
Administrative Agent Fees
Administrative Agent Fees
 
(c)        .  Subject to Section 2.16(c), Borrower agrees to pay to (i) the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender a participation fee () with respect to its participations in Letters of Credit, which shall accrue at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Margin from time to time used to determine the interest rate on Eurodollar Revolving Loans pursuant to on the average daily amount of such Lenders LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to Reimbursement Obligations) during the period from and including the Closing Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Lenders Revolving Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure, and (ii) the Issuing Bank a fronting fee (), which shall accrue at the rate of 0.25% per annum (or such lesser rate per annum as the Issuing Bank may from time to time agree) on the average daily amount of the LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to Reimbursement Obligations) during the period from and including the Closing Date to but excluding the later of the date of termination of the Revolving Commitments and the date on which there ceases to be any LC Exposure, as well as the Issuing Banks customary fees with respect to the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder.  Accrued LC Participation Fees and Fronting Fees shall be payable in arrears (i) on the last Business Day of March, June, September and December of each year, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Closing Date, and (ii) on the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate.  Any such fees accruing after the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand.  Any other fees payable to the Issuing Bank pursuant to this shall be payable within five Business Days after demand therefor.  All LC Participation Fees and Fronting Fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day).
LC and Fronting Fees
LC Participation Fee
Section 2.06
Fronting Fee
Section 2.05(c)
 
(d)        .  Borrower agrees to pay the Agents, for their own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between Borrower and the applicable Agents.
Other Fees
 
(e)        .  All Fees shall be paid on the dates due, in immediately available funds in Dollars, to the Administrative Agent for distribution, if and as appropriate, among the Lenders, except that Borrower shall pay (i) the Fronting Fees directly to the Issuing Bank, and (ii) the Fees provided under directly to the Agents.  Once paid, none of the Fees shall be refundable under any circumstances.
Payment of Fees
Section 2.05(d)
 
.  (a) Subject to the provisions of , the Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing, including each Swingline Loan, shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin in effect from time to time.
Section 2.06      
Interest on Loans
Section 2.06(c)
 
(b)        Subject to the provisions of and , the Loans comprising each Eurodollar Borrowing shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Adjusted LIBOR Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Margin in effect from time to time.
Section 2.06(c)
Section 2.19
 
(c)        Notwithstanding the foregoing, during an Event of Default, all Obligations shall, bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a per annum rate equal to (i) in the case of principal of or interest on any Loan, 2.0% plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in and or (ii) in the case of any other Obligation, 2.0% plus the rate applicable to ABR Revolving Loans as provided in Section 2.06(a) (in either case, the ).
Sections 2.06(a)
(b)
Default Rate
 
 
41
 
 
(d)        Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan; that (i) interest accrued pursuant to (including interest on past due interest) and all interest accrued but unpaid on or after the Revolving Maturity Date or the Term Loan Maturity Date, as applicable, shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Revolving Loan or a Swingline Loan), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Eurodollar Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion.
provided
Section 2.06(c)
 
(e)        All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that interest computed by reference to the Alternate Base Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day); that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to , bear interest for one day.  The applicable Alternate Base Rate or Adjusted LIBOR Rate shall be determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any Insolvency Proceeding.
provided
Section 2.14
 
.  (a) Subject to the provisions of , the Term Loan Commitments shall automatically terminate at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Closing Date.  The Revolving Commitments, the Swingline Commitment and the LC Commitment shall automatically terminate on the Revolving Maturity Date.
Section 2.07     
Termination and Reduction of Commitments
Section 2.19
 
(b)        At its option, Borrower may at any time terminate, or from time to time permanently reduce, the Commitments of any Class; that (i) each reduction of the Commitments of any Class shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of $500,000and not less than $1,000,000and (ii) the Revolving Commitments shall not be terminated or reduced if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Revolving Loans in accordance with , the aggregate amount of Revolving Exposures would exceed the aggregate amount of Revolving Commitments.
provided
 
 
Section 2.10
 
(c)        Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing of any election to terminate or reduce the Commitments under at least five Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction (which effective date shall be a Business Day), specifying such election and the effective date thereof.  Promptly following receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof.  Each notice delivered by Borrower pursuant to this shall be irrevocable, provided that a notice of termination of the Commitments delivered by Borrower in accordance with this may, if the Administrative Agent (in its reasonable discretion) has previously agreed to a customary pay-off letter with Borrower, expressly state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of new credit facilities or similar new Indebtedness and which effectiveness will result in the immediate payment in full of all Obligations and the Cash Collateralization of all outstanding Letters of Credit, in which case such notice may be revoked by Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to 2:00 p.m., New York City time, one Business Day prior to the specified notice effective date) if such condition is not satisfied (or is then unlikely to be satisfied).   Any termination or reduction of the Commitments of any Class shall be permanent.  Each reduction of the Commitments of any Class shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments of such Class.
Section 2.07(b)
Section 2.07
Section 2.07
 
 
42
 
 
.  (a) Each Revolving Borrowing and Term Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a Eurodollar Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request.  Thereafter, Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a Eurodollar Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this .  Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, Borrower shall not be entitled to request any conversion or continuation that, if made, would result in more than five Eurodollar Borrowings outstanding hereunder at any one time.This shall not apply to Swingline Borrowings, which may not be converted or continued.
Section 2.08      
Interest Elections
Section 2.08
 
Section 2.08
 
(b)        To make an election pursuant to this , Borrower shall deliver, by hand delivery or telecopy, a duly completed and executed Interest Election Request to the Administrative Agent not later than the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under if Borrower were requesting a Revolving Borrowing or Term Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election.  Each Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable.
Section 2.08
Section 2.03
 
(c)        Each Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with :
Section 2.02
 
(i)        the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, or if outstanding Borrowings are being combined, allocation to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing);
 
(ii)       the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day;
 
(iii)      whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Eurodollar Borrowing; and
 
(iv)      if the resulting Borrowing is a Eurodollar Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period.
 
If any such Interest Election Request requests a Eurodollar Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one months duration.
 
(d)        Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lenders portion of each resulting Borrowing.
 
(e)        If an Interest Election Request with respect to a Eurodollar Borrowing is not timely delivered prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing.  Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may require, by notice to Borrower, that (i) no outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a Eurodollar Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, each Eurodollar Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto.
 
 
43
 
 
.  (a) Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Term Loan Lenders, on each March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31, beginning with December 31, 2011 or if any such date is not a Business Day, on the immediately following Business Day (each such date, a ), a principal amount of the Term Loans equal to 2.50% of the initial aggregate principal amount of such Term Loans (as adjusted from time to time pursuant to ), together in each case with accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to be paid to but excluding the date of such payment.
Section 2.09      
Amortization of Term Borrowings
Term Loan Repayment Date
Section 2.10
 
(b)        To the extent not previously irrevocably paid in full in cash, all Term Loans shall be due and payable on the Term Loan Maturity Date.
 
.  (a) Optional Prepayments.  Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing, in whole or in part, without premium or penalty, subject to the requirements of this ; that each partial prepayment shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of not less than $250,000 or, if less, the outstanding principal amount of such Borrowing.
Section 2.10      
Optional and Mandatory Prepayments of Loans
Section 2.10
provided
 
(b)        .  (i) In the event of the termination of all the Revolving Commitments, Borrower shall, on the date of such termination, repay or prepay all its outstanding Revolving Borrowings and all outstanding Swingline Loans and either (A) replace all outstanding Letters of Credit or (B) Cash Collateralize all outstanding Letters of Credit in accordance with the procedures set forth in .
Revolving Loan Prepayments
Section 2.18(i)
 
(ii)        In the event of any partial reduction of the Revolving Commitments, then (x) at or prior to the effective date of such reduction, the Administrative Agent shall notify Borrower and the Revolving Lenders of the sum of the Revolving Exposures after giving effect thereto and (y) if the sum of the Revolving Exposures would exceed the aggregate amount of Revolving Commitments after giving effect to such reduction, then Borrower shall, on the date of such reduction, , repay or prepay Swingline Loans, , repay or prepay Revolving Borrowings and , replace outstanding Letters of Credit or Cash Collateralize outstanding Letters of Credit in accordance with the procedures set forth in in an aggregate amount sufficient to eliminate such excess.
first
second
third
Section 2.18(i)
 
(iii)      In the event that the sum of all Lenders Revolving Exposures exceeds the Revolving Commitments then in effect, Borrower shall, without notice or demand, immediately , repay or prepay Swingline Loans, , repay or prepay Revolving Borrowings, and , replace outstanding Letters of Credit or Cash Collateralize outstanding Letters of Credit in accordance with the procedures set forth in in an aggregate amount sufficient to eliminate such excess.
first
second
third
Section 2.18(i)
 
(iv)      In the event that the aggregate LC Exposure exceeds the LC Commitment then in effect, Borrower shall, without notice or demand, immediately replace outstanding Letters of Credit or Cash Collateralize outstanding Letters of Credit  in accordance with the procedures set forth in in an aggregate amount sufficient to eliminate such excess.
Section 2.18(i)
 
(c)        .  Not later than three Business Days following the receipt of any Net Cash Proceeds of any Asset Sale by any Company, Borrower shall apply 100% of such Net Cash Proceeds to make prepayments in accordance with that:
Asset Sales
Section 2.10(h)
provided
 
 
44
 
 
(i)        so long as no Default shall then exist or would arise therefrom and the aggregate of such Net Cash Proceeds of Asset Sales shall not exceed $5,000,000 in any fiscal year of Borrower, such proceeds shall not be required to be so applied on such date to the extent that Borrower shall have delivered an Officers Certificate to the Administrative Agent on or prior to such date stating that such Net Cash Proceeds are reasonably expected to be reinvested in fixed or capital assets of any Loan Party within 360 days following the date of such Asset Sale (which Officers Certificate shall set forth the estimates of the proceeds to be so expended); that, if the property subject to such Asset Sale constituted Collateral, then all property purchased or otherwise acquired with the Net Cash Proceeds thereof pursuant to this subsection shall be made subject to the first priority perfected Lien (subject to Permitted Liens) of the applicable Security Documents in favor of the Collateral Agent, for its benefit and for the benefit of the other Secured Parties in accordance with and ; and
provided
Sections 5.11
5.12
 
(ii)        if all or any portion of such Net Cash Proceeds is not so reinvested within such 360-day period, such unused portion shall be applied on the last day of such period as a mandatory prepayment as provided in this .
Section 2.10(c)
 
(d)        .  Not later than three Business Days following the receipt of any Net Cash Proceeds of any Debt Issuance or Equity Issuance by any Company, Borrower shall make prepayments in accordance with in an aggregate principal amount equal to 100% of such Net Cash Proceeds.
Debt Issuance or Equity Issuance
Section 2.10(h)
 
(e)        .  Not later than three Business Days following the receipt of any Net Cash Proceeds from a Casualty Event by any Company, Borrower shall apply an amount equal to 100% of such Net Cash Proceeds to make prepayments in accordance with ; that:
Casualty Events
Section 2.10(h)
provided
 
(i)        so long as no Default shall then exist or arise therefrom, such proceeds shall not be required to be so applied on such date to the extent that (A) in the event such Net Cash Proceeds shall be less than $1,000,000, Borrower shall have delivered an Officers Certificate to the Administrative Agent on or prior to such date stating that such proceeds are reasonably expected to be used, or (B) in the event that such Net Cash Proceeds equal or exceed $1,000,000, the Administrative Agent has elected by notice to Borrower on or prior to such date to require such proceeds to be used, in each case, to repair, replace or restore any property in respect of which such Net Cash Proceeds were paid or to reinvest in fixed or capital assets of any Loan Party, no later than 360 days following the date of receipt of such proceeds (which Officers Certificate shall set forth the estimates of the proceeds to be so expended); that if the property subject to such Casualty Event constituted Collateral, then all property purchased or otherwise acquired with the Net Cash Proceeds thereof pursuant to this subsection shall be made subject to the first priority perfected Lien (subject to Permitted Liens) of the applicable Security Documents in favor of the Collateral Agent, for its benefit and for the benefit of the other Secured Parties in accordance with and ; and
provided
Sections 5.11
5.12
 
(ii)        if all or any portion of such Net Cash Proceeds shall not be so applied within such 360-day period, such unused portion shall be applied on the last day of such period as a mandatory prepayment as provided in this .
Section 2.10(e)
 
(f)        .  Not later than three Business Days following the receipt of any Net Cash Proceeds from an Extraordinary Receipts by any Company, Borrower shall apply an amount equal to 100% of such Net Cash Proceeds to make prepayments in accordance with ; that:
Extraordinary Receipts
Section 2.10(h)
provided
 
(i)        so long as no Default shall then exist or would arise therefrom, such Net Cash Proceeds of Extraordinary Receipts in an aggregate amount of up to $1,000,000in any fiscal year of Borrower shall not be required to be so applied on such date to the extent that Borrower shall have delivered an Officers' Certificate to the Administrative Agent on or prior to such date stating that such Net Cash Proceeds are expected to be reinvested in fixed or capital assets of any Loan Party within 360 days following the date of receipt of such proceeds (which Officers' Certificate shall set forth the estimates of the proceeds to be so expended); , that all property purchased or otherwise acquired with the Net Cash Proceeds thereof pursuant to this subsection shall be made subject to the first priority perfected Lien (subject to Permitted Collateral Liens) of the applicable Security Documents in favor of the Collateral Agent, for its benefit and for the benefit of the other Secured Parties in accordance with and ; and
 
provided
Sections 5.11
5.12
 
 
45
 
 
(ii)        if all or any portion of such Net Cash Proceeds is not so reinvested within such 360-day period, such unused portion shall be applied on the last day of such period as a mandatory prepayment as provided in this .
Section 2.10(f)
 
(g)        .        No later than the earlier of (i) 90 days after the end of each Excess Cash Flow Period and (ii) three (3) Business Days after the date on which the audited financial statements with respect to such fiscal year in which such Excess Cash Flow Period occurs are delivered pursuant to , Borrower shall make prepayments in accordance with in an aggregate principal amount equal to (x) 75% of Excess Cash Flow for the Excess Cash Flow Period then ended if the Total Leverage Ratio at the end of such period is greater than or equal to 2.75:1.0, and (y) 50% of Excess Cash Flow for the Excess Cash Flow Period then ended if the Total Leverage Ratio at the end of such period is less than or equal to 2.75:1.0.
Excess Cash Flow
Section 5.01(a)
Section 2.10(h)
 
(h)        .
Application of Prepayments
 
(i)        Prior to any optional prepayment hereunder, Borrower shall select the Borrowing or Borrowings to be prepaid and shall specify such selection in the notice of such prepayment pursuant to , subject to the provisions of this .  Any prepayments of Term Loans pursuant to shall be applied (x) to reduce scheduled payments required under on a basis among the payments remaining to be made on each Term Loan Repayment Date and then to reduce payments required under , and (y) to the extent there are prepayment amounts remaining after the application of such prepayments under clause , such excess amounts shall be applied to the prepayment of outstanding Revolving Loans and to Cash Collateralize outstanding Letters of Credit (and with a corresponding reduction in Revolving Commitments if, and only if, a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time such prepayment is made) and Borrower shall comply with .
Section 2.10(h)(iii)
Section 2.10(h)(i)
Section 2.10 (a), (c)-(g)
first
Section 2.09(a)
pro rata
Section 2.09(b)
second
first
Section 2.10(b)
 
(ii)       Amounts to be applied pursuant to this to the prepayment of Term Loans and Revolving Loans shall be applied, as applicable, first to reduce outstanding ABR Term Loans and ABR Revolving Loans, respectively.  Any amounts remaining after each such application shall be applied to prepay Eurodollar Term Loans or Eurodollar Revolving Loans, as applicable.
Section 2.10
 
(iii)      .  Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, the Swingline Lender) by written notice of any prepayment hereunder (i) in the case of prepayment of a Eurodollar Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of prepayment, (ii) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, one Business Day before the date of prepayment; provided that a notice of optional prepayment delivered by Borrower in accordance with this and that contemplates payment in full of the Loans may, if the Administrative Agent (in its reasonable discretion) has previously agreed to a customary pay-off letter with Borrower, expressly state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of new credit facilities or similar new Indebtedness and which effectiveness will result in the immediate payment in full of all Obligations and the Cash Collateralization of all outstanding Letters of Credit, in which case such notice may be revoked by Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to 2:00 p.m., New York City time, one Business Day prior to the specified notice effective date) if such condition is not satisfied (or is then unlikely to be satisfied) and (iii) in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of prepayment.  Each such notice shall be irrevocable.  Each such notice shall specify the prepayment date, the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid and, in the case of a mandatory prepayment, a reasonably detailed calculation of the amount of such prepayment.  Promptly following receipt of any such notice (other than a notice relating solely to Swingline Loans), the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof.  Such notice to the Lenders may be by electronic communication.  Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of a Borrowing of the same Type as provided in , except as necessary to apply fully the required amount of a mandatory prepayment.  Each prepayment of a Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing and otherwise in accordance with this .  Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the extent required by .
Notice of Prepayment
Section 2.10(h)
Section 2.10(a)
Section 2.02
Section 2.10
Section 2.06
 
 
46
 
 
.  If prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Eurodollar Borrowing:
Section 2.11      
Alternate Rate of Interest
 
(a)        the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be final and conclusive absent manifest error) that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted LIBOR Rate for such Interest Period; or
 
(b)        the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by the Required Lenders that the Adjusted LIBOR Rate for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their Loans included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period;
 
then the Administrative Agent shall give written notice thereof to Borrower and the Lenders as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent notifies Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (i) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Eurodollar Borrowing shall be ineffective and (ii) if any Borrowing Request requests a Eurodollar Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be made as an ABR Borrowing.
 
.  (a) If any Change in Law shall:
Section 2.12      
Increased Costs; Change in Legality
 
(i)        impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against property of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by or participated in by, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement reflected in the Adjusted LIBOR Rate) or the Issuing Bank; or
 
(ii)        impose on any Lender or the Issuing Bank or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or Eurodollar Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein;
 
and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making or maintaining any Eurodollar Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to increase the cost to such Lender, the Issuing Bank or such Lenders or the Issuing Banks holding company, if any, of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit) or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or the Issuing Bank hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then Borrower shall, upon the written request of such Lender or the Issuing Bank, pay to such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered, it being understood that, to the extent duplicative of the provisions of , this shall not apply to Taxes.  The protection of this Section 2.12 shall be available to each Lender and the Issuing Bank regardless of any possible contention of the invalidity or inapplicability of the Change in Law that shall have occurred or been imposed.
Section 2.15
Section 2.12
 
 
47
 
 
(b)        If any Lender or the Issuing Bank determines (in good faith, but in its sole absolute discretion) that any Change in Law regarding Capital Requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lenders or the Issuing Banks capital or on the capital of such Lenders or the Issuing Banks holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans held by such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by the Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or the Issuing Bank or such Lenders or the Issuing Banks holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lenders or the Issuing Banks policies and the policies of such Lenders or the Issuing Banks holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time Borrower will pay to such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the Issuing Bank or such Lenders or the Issuing Banks holding company, for any such reduction suffered.
 
(c)        A certificate of a Lender or the Issuing Bank setting forth in reasonable detail the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or the Issuing Bank or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in or shall be delivered to Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) and shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error.  Borrower shall pay such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within three Business Days after receipt thereof.
Sections 2.12(a)
(b)
 
(d)        Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or the Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this shall not constitute a waiver of such Lenders or the Issuing Banks right to demand such compensation; provided that Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or the Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section 2.12 for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than 12 months prior to the earlier of (x) the date on which such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lenders or the Issuing Banks intention to claim compensation therefor and (y) the date on which such Change in Law becomes effective.
Section 2.12
 
(e)        Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any Change in Law shall make it unlawful for any Lender to make or maintain any Eurodollar Loan or to give effect to its obligations as contemplated hereby with respect to any Eurodollar Loan, then, by written notice to Borrower and to the Administrative Agent:
 
(i)        such Lender may declare that Eurodollar Loans will not thereafter (for the duration of such unlawfulness (as determined in good faith by such Lender)) be made by such Lender hereunder (or be continued for additional Interest Periods and ABR Loans will not thereafter (for such duration) be converted into Eurodollar Loans), whereupon any request for a Eurodollar Loan (or to convert an ABR Loan to a Eurodollar Loan or to continue a Eurodollar Loan for an additional Interest Period) shall, as to such Lender only, be deemed a request for an ABR Loan (or a request to continue an ABR Loan as such for an additional Interest Period or to convert a Eurodollar Loan into an ABR Loan, as the case may be), unless such declaration shall be subsequently withdrawn by such Lender by written notice to Borrower and to the Administrative Agent; and
 
 
48
 
 
(ii)       such Lender may require that all outstanding Eurodollar Loans made by it be converted to ABR Loans, in which event all such Eurodollar Loans shall be automatically converted to ABR Loans as of the effective date of such notice as provided in .
Section 2.12(f)
 
In the event any Lender shall exercise its rights under clause (i) or (ii) above, all payments and prepayments of principal that would otherwise have been applied to repay the Eurodollar Loans that would have been made by such Lender or the converted Eurodollar Loans of such Lender shall instead be applied to repay the ABR Loans made by such Lender in lieu of, or resulting from the conversion of, such Eurodollar Loans.
 
(f)        For purposes of , a notice to Borrower by any Lender shall be effective as to each Eurodollar Loan made by such Lender, if lawful, on the last day of the Interest Period then applicable to such Eurodollar Loan; in all other cases such notice shall be effective on the date of receipt by Borrower.
Section 2.12(e)
 
.  In the event of (a) the payment or prepayment, whether optional or mandatory, of any principal of any Eurodollar Loan earlier than the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default), (b) the conversion of any Eurodollar Loan earlier than the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Revolving Loan or Term Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto or (d) the assignment of any Eurodollar Loan earlier than the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by Borrower pursuant to , then, in any such event, Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event.  In the case of a Eurodollar Loan, such loss, cost or expense to any Lender shall be deemed to include an amount determined by such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest that would have accrued on the principal amount of such Loan had such event not occurred, at the Adjusted LIBOR Rate plus the Applicable Margin (together with any interest payable at the Default Rate, if then applicable) that would have been applicable to such Loan, for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period for such Loan), over (ii) the amount of interest that would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest rate which such Lender would bid were it to bid, at the commencement of such period, for Dollar deposits of a comparable amount and period from other banks in the Eurodollar market.  A certificate of any Lender setting forth in reasonable detail any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this shall be delivered to Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) and shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error.  Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within three Business Days after receipt thereof.
Section 2.13      
Breakage Payments
Section 2.16
Section 2.13
 
.  (a) Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder or under any other Loan Document (whether of principal, interest, fees or Reimbursement Obligations, or of amounts payable under , or , or otherwise) on or before the time expressly required hereunder or under such other Loan Document for such payment (or, if no such time is expressly required, prior to 1:00 p.m., New York City time), on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without setoff, deduction or counterclaim.  Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon.  All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent at its offices at 520 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10022 Attn: Steak n Shake Operations, Inc. Account Manager, except payments to be made directly to the Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to , , and shall be made directly to the persons entitled thereto and payments pursuant to other Loan Documents shall be made to the persons specified therein.  The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof.  If any payment under any Loan Document shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, unless specified otherwise, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension.  All payments under each Loan Document shall be made in Dollars.
Section 2.14     
Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Setoffs
Section 2.12
2.13
2.15
Sections 2.12
2.13
2.15
10.03
 
 
49
 
 
(b)        If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, Reimbursement Obligations, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) , towards payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) , towards payment of principal and Reimbursement Obligations then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal and Reimbursement Obligations then due to such parties.
first
second
 
(c)        If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim (including pursuant to ) or otherwise (including by exercise of its rights under the Security Documents), obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Revolving Loans, Term Loans or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Revolving Loans, Term Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Revolving Loans, Term Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Revolving Loans, Term Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans; rovided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Revolving Loans, Term Loans or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to any Company or any Affiliates thereof (as to which the provisions of this shall apply).  Each Loan Party consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable Legal Requirements, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against each Loan Party rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Loan Party in the amount of such participation.  If under applicable Insolvency Law any Secured Party receives a secured claim in lieu of a setoff or counterclaim to which this applies, such Secured Party shall to the extent practicable, exercise its rights in respect of such secured claim in a manner consistent with the rights to which the Secured Party is entitled under this to share in the benefits of the recovery of such secured claim.
Section 10.08
p
Section 2.14(c)
Section 2.14(c)
Section 2.14(c)
Section 2.14(c)
 
(d)        Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice from Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the Issuing Bank hereunder that Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount due.  In such event, if Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or the Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules or practices on interbank compensation.
 
 
50
 
 
(e)        If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to , , , , or , then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lenders obligations under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid.
Section 2.02(c)
2.14(d)
2.17(d)
2.18(d)
2.18(e)
10.03(e)
 
.  (a) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Loan Parties hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be made without setoff, counterclaim or other defense and free and clear of and without deduction, reduction or withholding for any and all Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes; that if Borrower shall be required by applicable Legal Requirements to deduct any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes from such payments, then (i) the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions (including deductions, reductions or withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this ) the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions, reductions or withholdings been made, (ii) Borrower shall make or cause to be made such deductions, reductions or withholdings and (iii) Borrower shall timely pay or cause to be paid the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Legal Requirements.
Section 2.15      
Taxes
provided
Section 2.15
 
(b)        In addition, Borrower shall timely pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Legal Requirements.
 
(c)        Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Issuing Bank, within ten Business Days after written demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes paid by the Administrative Agent, such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, on or with respect to any payment by or on account of any obligation of Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document (including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.15) and any penalties, interest and expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority.  A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability and setting forth in reasonable detail the calculation of and basis for such payment or liability delivered to Borrower by a Lender or the Issuing Bank (in each case, with a copy delivered concurrently to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender or the Issuing Bank, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.
 
(d)        As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes and in any event within 30 days following any such payment being due, by or on behalf of Borrower to a Governmental Authority, Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.  If Borrower fails to pay any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes when due to the appropriate Governmental Authority or fails to remit to the Administrative Agent the required receipts or other documentary evidence, Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Issuing Bank for any incremental Taxes or expenses that may become payable by the Administrative Agent, such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, as a result of any such failure.
 
 
51
 
 
(e)        (i)        Any Foreign Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding tax under the law of the jurisdiction in which Borrower is resident for tax purposes, or any treaty to which such jurisdiction is a party, with respect to payments under this Agreement shall deliver to Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at the time or times prescribed by applicable law, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding.  Each Foreign Lender shall (i) furnish either (a) two accurate and complete originally executed U.S. Internal Revenue Service Forms W-8BEN (or successor form) or (b) two accurate and complete originally executed U.S. Internal Revenue Service Forms W-8ECI (or successor form), certifying, in either case, to such Foreign Lenders legal entitlement to an exemption or reduction from U.S. federal withholding tax with respect to all interest payments hereunder, and (ii) to the extent it may lawfully do so at such times, upon reasonable request by Borrower or the Administrative Agent, provide a new Form W-8BEN (or successor form) or Form W-8ECI (or successor form) upon the expiration or obsolescence of any previously delivered form to reconfirm any complete exemption from, or any entitlement to a reduction in, U.S. federal withholding tax with respect to any interest payment hereunder; that any Foreign Lender that is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code shall also furnish a Non-Bank Certificate in the form of if it is furnishing a Form W-8BEN.  If requested by Borrower or the Administrative Agent, each Foreign Lender shall (and shall cause other Persons acting on its behalf to) take any action (including entering into an agreement with the Internal Revenue Service) and comply with any information gathering and reporting requirements, in each case, that are required to obtain the maximum available exemption from U.S. federal withholding taxes under FATCA, with respect to payments received by or on behalf of such Foreign Lender; provided that a Foreign Lenders breach of this sentence shall affect the rights only of a breaching Foreign Lender, and not the rights of any other Foreign Lender, under .
provided
Exhibit L
Section 2.15(a)
 
(f)        If the Administrative Agent or a Lender (or an assignee) determines in its reasonable discretion that it has received a refund of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by Borrower or with respect to which Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this , it shall pay over such refund to Borrower (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by Borrower under this with respect to the Indemnified Taxes or the Other Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent or such Lender (or assignee) and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund); , , that if the Administrative Agent or such Lender (or assignee) is required to repay all or a portion of such refund to the relevant Governmental Authority, Borrower, upon the request of the Administrative Agent or such Lender (or assignee), shall repay the amount paid over to Borrower that is required to be repaid (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent or such Lender (or assignee) within three Business Days after receipt of written notice that the Administrative Agent or such Lender (or assignee) is required to repay such refund (or a portion thereof) to such Governmental Authority.  Nothing contained in this shall require the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or assignee) to make available its Tax Returns or any other information which it deems confidential or privileged to Borrower or any other person.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in no event will the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or assignee) be required to pay any amount to Borrower the payment of which would place the Administrative Agent or such Lender (or assignee) in a less favorable net after-tax position than the Administrative Agent or such Lender (or assignee) would have been in if the additional amounts giving rise to such refund of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes had never been paid.
Section 2.15
Section 2.15
provided
however
Section 2.15(f)
 
 
52
 
 
.  (a) .  If any Lender requests compensation under or , or if Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to , then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce materially amounts payable pursuant to , or , as the case may be, in the future, (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense, (iii) would not require such Lender to take any action inconsistent with its internal policies or legal or regulatory restrictions, and (iv) would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender.  Borrower shall pay all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment.  A certificate setting forth such costs and expenses submitted by such Lender to the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error.
Section 2.16      
Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders
Mitigation of Obligations
Section 2.12(a)
(b)
Section 2.15
Section 2.12(a)
2.12(b)
2.15
 
(b)        .  In the event (i) any Lender or the Issuing Bank delivers a certificate requesting compensation pursuant to or , (ii) any Lender or the Issuing Bank delivers a notice described in , (iii) Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or the Issuing Bank or any Governmental Authority on account of any Lender or the Issuing Bank pursuant to , (iv) any Lender fails to consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification of any Loan Document requested by Borrower that requires the consent of 100% of the Lenders or 100% of all affected Lenders and, which, in each case, has been consented to by all other Lenders or all other affected Lenders, as the case may be, or (v) any Lender or the Issuing Bank defaults in its obligations to make Loans or issue Letters of Credit, as the case may be, or other extensions of credit hereunder, Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort (including with respect to the processing and recordation fee referred to in ), upon notice to such Lender or the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender or the Issuing Bank to transfer and assign, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in ), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to an assignee which shall assume such assigned obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); that (w) except in the case of clause (iv) above if the effect of such amendment, waiver or other modification of the applicable Loan Document would cure any Default then ongoing, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (x) such assignment shall not conflict with any applicable Legal Requirement, (y) Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (and, if a Revolving Commitment is being assigned, the prior written consent of the Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender), which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, and (z) Borrower or such assignee shall have paid to the affected Lender or the Issuing Bank in immediately available funds an amount equal to the sum of the principal of and interest accrued to the date of such payment on the outstanding Loans or LC Disbursements of such Lender or the Issuing Bank, respectively, affected by such assignment plus all Fees and other amounts owing to or accrued for the account of such Lender or such Issuing Bank hereunder (including any amounts under and ); that, if prior to any such transfer and assignment the circumstances or event that resulted in such Lenders or the Issuing Banks claim for compensation under or or notice under or the amounts paid pursuant to , as the case may be, cease to cause such Lender or the Issuing Bank to suffer increased costs or reductions in amounts received or receivable or reduction in return on capital, or cease to have the consequences specified in , or cease to result in amounts being payable under , as the case may be (including as a result of any action taken by such Lender or the Issuing Bank pursuant to ), or if such Lender or the Issuing Bank shall waive its right to claim further compensation under or in respect of such circumstances or event or shall withdraw its notice under or shall waive its right to further payments under in respect of such circumstances or event or shall consent to the proposed amendment, waiver, consent or other modification, as the case may be, then such Lender or the Issuing Bank shall not thereafter be required to make any such transfer and assignment hereunder.  Each Lender and the Issuing Bank hereby grants to the Administrative Agent an irrevocable power of attorney (which power is coupled with an interest) to execute and deliver, on behalf of such Lender and the Issuing Bank as assignor, any Assignment and Acceptance necessary to effectuate any assignment of such Lenders or the Issuing Banks interests hereunder in the circumstances contemplated by this .
Replacement of Lenders
Section 2.12(a)
(b)
Section 2.12(e)
Section 2.15
Section 10.04(b)
Section 10.04
provided
Sections 2.12
2.13
provided
further
Section 2.12(a)
(b)
Section 2.12(e)
Section 2.15
Section 2.12(e)
Section 2.15
Section 2.16(a)
Section 2.12(a)
(b)
Section 2.12(e)
Section 2.15
Section 2.16(b)
 
 
53
 
 
(c)        .  Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event that any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then (i) during any Default Period (as defined below) with respect to such Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender shall be deemed not to be a , and the amount of such Defaulting Lenders Revolving Commitment and Revolving Loans and/or Term Loan Commitments and Term Loans shall be excluded for purposes of voting, and the calculation of voting, on any matters (including the granting of any consents or waivers) with respect to any of the Loan Documents; , that such Defaulting Lender shall continue to be deemed a Lender for purposes of , and ; (ii) to the extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, until such time as the Default Excess (as defined below) with respect to such Defaulting Lender shall have been reduced to zero, (A) any voluntary prepayment of the Loans pursuant to shall, if Borrower so directs at the time of making such voluntary prepayment, be applied to the Loans and the Revolving Exposure of other Lenders in accordance with as if such Defaulting Lender had no Loans outstanding and the Revolving Exposure of such Defaulting Lender were zero, and (B) any mandatory prepayment of the Loans pursuant to shall, if Borrower so directs at the time of making such mandatory prepayment, be applied to the Loans and Revolving Exposure of other Lenders (but not to the Loans of such Defaulting Lender) in accordance with as if such Defaulting Lender had funded all Defaulted Revolving Loans of such Defaulting Lender, it being understood and agreed that Borrower shall be entitled to retain any portion of any mandatory prepayment of the Loans that is not paid to such Defaulting Lender solely as a result of the operation of the provisions of this clause (B); (iii) the amount of such Defaulting Lenders Revolving Commitment, Revolving Loans and LC Exposure shall be excluded for purposes of calculating the Commitment Fee payable to Revolving Lenders pursuant to in respect of any day during any Default Period with respect to such Defaulting Lender, and such Defaulting Lender shall not be entitled to receive any Commitment Fee pursuant to with respect to such Defaulting Lenders Revolving Commitment in respect of any Default Period with respect to such Defaulting Lender; (iv) if any Swingline Exposure or LC Exposure exists at the time a Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then: (A) all or any part of such Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure shall be reallocated among the Revolving Lenders that are not Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Revolving Commitments but, in any case, only to the extent the sum of the Revolving Exposures of all Revolving Lenders that are not Defaulting Lenders does not exceed the total of the Revolving Commitments of all Revolving Lenders that are not Defaulting Lenders; (B) if the reallocation described in clause (A) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected (as reasonably determined by the Administrative agent), Borrower shall within one Business Day following notice by the Administrative Agent (x) prepay such Swingline Exposure of such Defaulting Lender and (y) cash collateralize such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (A) above) in accordance with the procedures set forth in for so long as such LC Exposure is outstanding; (C) if Borrower cash collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure pursuant to this paragraph (iv), Borrower shall not be required to pay any LC Participation Fee to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to with respect to such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure during the period such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure is cash collateralized; (D) if the LC Exposure of the non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated pursuant to this paragraph (iv), then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to shall be adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Lenders reallocated LC Exposure; and (E) if any Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure is neither cash collateralized nor reallocated pursuant to this paragraph (iv), then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the Issuing Banks or any Lender hereunder, all Commitment Fees that otherwise would have been payable to such Defaulting Lender (solely with respect to the portion of such Defaulting Lenders Commitment that was utilized by such LC Exposure) and LC Participation Fee payable under with respect to such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure shall be payable to the applicable Issuing Banks until such LC Exposure is cash collateralized and/or reallocated; (v) the Revolving Exposure of all Lenders as at any date of determination shall be calculated as if such Defaulting Lender had funded all Defaulted Revolving Loans of such Defaulting Lender; and (vi) so long as any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure will be 100% covered by the Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders and/or cash collateral will be provided by Borrower in accordance with paragraph (iv) of this , and participating interests in any such newly issued or increased Letter of Credit or newly made Swingline Loan shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with paragraph (iv)(A) of this (and Defaulting Lenders shall not participate therein).  In the event that each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lender agree that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the Swingline Exposure, LC Exposure and Revolving Exposure of the Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lenders Commitment and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders (other than Swingline Loans) as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Revolving Commitment.
Defaulting Lenders
Lender
provided, however
Section 10.02(b)(i)
(ii)
(iii)
Section 2.10(a)
Section 2.10(a)
Section 2.10
Section 2.10
Section 2.05(a)
Section 2.05(a)
Section 2.18(i)
Section 2.05(c)
Section 2.05
Section 2.05
Section 2.16(c)
Section 2.16(c)
 
 
54
 
 
For purposes of this Agreement, (i)  means, with respect to any Defaulting Lender, the occurrence of any of the events set forth in the definition of Defaulting Lender (ii)  means, with respect to any Defaulting Lender, the period commencing on the date of the applicable Funding Default and ending on the earliest of the following dates: (a) the date on which all Commitments are cancelled or terminated and/or the Obligations and the Specified Hedging Agreement Obligations are declared or become immediately due and payable, (b) with respect any Funding Default (other than any such Funding Default arising pursuant to of the definition of ), the date on which (1) the Default Excess with respect to such Defaulting Lender shall have been reduced to zero (whether by the funding by such Defaulting Lender of any defaulted Loans of such Defaulting Lender or by the non-pro rata application of any voluntary or mandatory prepayments of the Loans in accordance with the terms hereof or any combination thereof) and (2) such Defaulting Lender shall have delivered to Borrower and the Administrative Agent a written reaffirmation of its intention to honor its obligations under this Agreement with respect to its Commitment(s), and (c) the date on which Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders waive all Funding Defaults of such Defaulting Lender in writing, and (iii)  shall mean, with respect to any Defaulting Lender, the excess, if any, of such Defaulting Lenders Pro Rata Percentage of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Loans of all Lenders (calculated as if all Defaulting Lenders (including such Defaulting Lender) had funded all of their respective funding obligations) over the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Loans of such Defaulting Lender.
Funding Default
,
Default Period
clause (e)
Defaulting Lender
Default Excess
 
No amount of the Commitment of any Lender shall be increased or otherwise affected, and, except as otherwise expressly provided in , performance by Borrower of its obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be excused or otherwise modified, as a result of any Funding Default or the operation of .  The rights and remedies against a Defaulting Lender under are in addition to other rights and remedies that Borrower may have against such Defaulting Lender with respect to any Funding Default and that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have against such Defaulting Lender with respect to any Funding Default.
Section 2.16(c)
Section 2.16(c)
Section 2.16(c)
 
.  (a) .  Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swingline Lender agrees to make Swingline Loans to Borrower from time to time during the Revolving Availability Period, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in (and upon each such Borrowing of Swingline Loans, Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that such Borrowing will not result in) (i) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Swingline Loans exceeding the Swingline Commitment or (ii) the sum of the total Revolving Exposures exceeding the total Revolving Commitments; that the Swingline Lender shall not be required to make a Swingline Loan to refinance, in whole or in part, an outstanding Swingline Loan.  Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, Borrower may borrow, repay and reborrow Swingline Loans.
Section 2.17      
Swingline Loans
Swingline Commitment
provided
 
 
55
 
 
(b)        .  To request a Swingline Loan, Borrower shall deliver, by hand delivery or telecopy, a duly completed and executed Borrowing Request to the Administrative Agent and the Swingline Lender, not later than 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the day of a proposed Swingline Loan.  Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the requested date (which shall be a Business Day) and the amount of the requested Swingline Loan.  Each Swingline Loan shall be an ABR Loan.  The Swingline Lender shall make each Swingline Loan available to Borrower by means of a credit to the general deposit account of Borrower with the Swingline Lender (or, in the case of a Swingline Loan made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in , by remittance to the Issuing Bank) by 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the requested date of such Swingline Loan.  Borrower shall not request a Swingline Loan if at the time of or immediately after giving effect to the Credit Extension contemplated by such request a Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom.  Swingline Loans shall be made in minimum amounts of $250,000and integral multiples of $100,000above such amount.
Swingline Loans
Section 2.18(e)
 
 
 
(c)        .  Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to repay any Swingline Loan, in whole or in part, upon giving written notice to the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent before 12:00 p.m., New York City time, on the proposed date of repayment.
Prepayment
 
(d)        .  The Swingline Lender (i) may at any time in its discretion, and (ii) no less frequently than every five Business Days or as directed by the Administrative Agent from time to time on not less than one Business Days written notice to the Swingline Lender, shall by written notice given to the Administrative Agent ( such notice requirements shall not apply if the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent are the same entity) not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next succeeding Business Day following such notice require the Revolving Lenders to acquire participations on such Business Day in all or a portion of the Swingline Loans then outstanding.  Such notice shall specify the aggregate amount of Swingline Loans in which Revolving Lenders will participate.  Promptly upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent will give notice thereof to each Revolving Lender, specifying in such notice such Lenders Pro Rata Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Loans.  Each Revolving Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, upon receipt of notice as provided above, to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Swingline Lender, such Lenders Pro Rata Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Loans.  Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever (so long as such payment shall not cause such Lenders Revolving Exposure to exceed such Lenders Revolving Commitment).  Each Revolving Lender shall comply with its obligation under this by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and shall apply, , to the payment obligations of the Revolving Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the Swingline Lender the amounts so received by it from the Revolving Lenders.  The Administrative Agent shall notify Borrower of any participations in any Swingline Loan acquired by the Revolving Lenders pursuant to this , and thereafter payments in respect of such Swingline Loan shall be made to the Administrative Agent and not to the Swingline Lender.  Any amounts received by the Swingline Lender from Borrower (or other party on behalf of Borrower) in respect of a Swingline Loan after receipt by the Swingline Lender of the proceeds of a sale of participations therein shall be promptly remitted to the Administrative Agent.  Any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent shall be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Revolving Lenders that shall have made their payments pursuant to this , as their interests may appear.  The purchase of participations in a Swingline Loan pursuant to this shall not relieve Borrower of any default in the payment thereof
Participations
provided
Section 2.17(d)
Section 2.17(d)
Section 2.02(c)
Section 2.02
mutatis mutandis
Section 2.17(d)
Section 2.17(d)
Section 2.17(d)
 
 
56
 
 
(e)        .  The Swingline Lender may resign as the Swingline Lender hereunder at any time upon at least 30 days prior written notice to the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and Borrower.  The Swingline Lender may be replaced at any time by written agreement among Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the successor Swingline Lender.  The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of the Swingline Lender.  At the time any such resignation or replacement shall become effective, Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Swingline Lender.  From and after the effective date of any such resignation or replacement, (i) the successor Swingline Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of the Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans to be made by it thereafter and (ii) references herein and in the other Loan Documents to the term Swingline Lender shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Swingline Lender, or to such successor and all previous Swingline Lenders, as the context shall require.  After the resignation or replacement of the Swingline Lender hereunder, the replaced Swingline Lender shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of the Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made by it prior to such resignation or replacement, but shall not be required to make additional Swingline Loans.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this or otherwise, the Swingline Lender may not resign until such time as a successor Swingline Lender has been appointed.
Resignation or Removal of the Swingline Lender
Section 2.17(e)
 
.  (a) .  Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, Borrower may request the Issuing Bank, and the Issuing Bank agrees, to issue Letters of Credit for its own account or the account of a Wholly Owned Subsidiary in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank, at any time and from time to time during the Revolving Availability Period ( that Borrower shall be a co-applicant, and be jointly and severally liable, with respect to each Letter of Credit issued for the account of a Wholly Owned Subsidiary).  The Issuing Bank shall have no obligation to issue, and Borrower shall not request the issuance of, any Letter of Credit at any time if after giving effect to such issuance, the LC Exposure would exceed the LC Commitment or the total Revolving Exposure would exceed the total Revolving Commitments.  In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application or other agreement submitted by Borrower to, or entered into by Borrower with, the Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control.
Section 2.18      
Letters of Credit
General
provided
 
(b)        .  To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit or the amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit, Borrower shall hand deliver or telecopy (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved in writing by the Issuing Bank) an LC Request to the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the third Business Day preceding the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (or such later date and time as is acceptable to the Issuing Bank).
Request for Issuance, Amendment, Renewal, Extension; Certain Conditions
 
 
57
 
 
A request for an initial issuance of a Letter of Credit shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Issuing Bank:
 
(i)        the proposed issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day);
 
(ii)       the face amount thereof;
 
(iii)      the expiry date thereof (which shall not be later than the close of business on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date);
 
(iv)      the name and address of the beneficiary thereof;
 
(v)       whether the Letter of Credit is to be issued for its own account or for the account of one of its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries ( that Borrower shall be a co-applicant, and be jointly and severally liable, with respect to each Letter of Credit issued for the account of a Wholly Owned Subsidiary);
provided
 
(vi)      the documents to be presented by such beneficiary in connection with any drawing thereunder;
 
(vii)     the full text of any certificate to be presented by such beneficiary in connection with any drawing thereunder; and
 
(viii)    such other matters as the Issuing Bank may require.
 
A request for an amendment, renewal or extension of any outstanding Letter of Credit shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Issuing Bank:
 
(ix)       the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended;
 
(x)        the proposed date of amendment, renewal or extension thereof (which shall be a Business Day);
 
(xi)       the nature of the proposed amendment, renewal or extension; and
 
(xii)      such other matters as the Issuing Bank may require.
 
If requested by the Issuing Bank, Borrower also shall submit a letter of credit application on the Issuing Banks standard form in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit.  A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended only if (and, upon issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit, Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, (i) the LC Exposure shall not exceed the LC Commitment, (ii) the total Revolving Exposures shall not exceed the total Revolving Commitments and (iii) the conditions set forth in in respect of such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension shall have been satisfied.  Unless the Issuing Bank shall agree otherwise, no Letter of Credit shall be in an initial amount less than $50,000.
Article IV
 
(c)        .  Each Letter of Credit shall expire at or prior to the close of business on the earlier of (x) the date which is one year after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any renewal or extension thereof, one year after such renewal or extension) and (y) the Letter of Credit Expiration Date; that this shall not prevent any Issuing Bank from agreeing that a Letter of Credit will automatically be extended for one or more successive periods not to exceed one year each (and, in any case, not to extend beyond the Letter of Credit Expiration Date) unless each such Issuing Bank elects not to extend for any such additional period.
Expiration Date
provided
Section 2.18(c)
 
 
58
 
 
(d)        .  By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) and without any further action on the part of the Issuing Bank or the Lenders, the Issuing Bank hereby irrevocably grants to each Revolving Lender, and each Revolving Lender hereby acquires from the Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Revolving Lenders Pro Rata Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit.  In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Revolving Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Issuing Bank, such Revolving Lenders Pro Rata Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by the Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by Borrower on the date due as provided in , or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to Borrower for any reason.  Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever (so long as such payment shall not cause such Lenders Revolving Exposure to exceed such Lenders Revolving Commitment)
Participations
Section 2.18(e)
Section 2.18(d)
 
(e)        .
Reimbursement
 
(i)        If the Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Issuing Bank an amount equal to such LC Disbursement not later than 1:00 p.m., New York City time, on the date that such LC Disbursement is made if Borrower shall have received notice of such LC Disbursement prior to 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on such date, or, if such notice has not been received by Borrower prior to such time on such date, then not later than 1:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Business Day immediately following the day that Borrower receives such notice; that Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with that such payment be financed with ABR Revolving Loans in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, Borrowers obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting ABR Revolving Loans.
provided
Section 2.03
 
(ii)        If Borrower fails to make such payment when due, or if the amount is not financed pursuant to the proviso to , the Issuing Bank shall notify the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Agent shall notify each Revolving Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement, the payment then due from Borrower in respect thereof and such Revolving Lenders Pro Rata Percentage thereof.  Each Revolving Lender shall pay by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Administrative Agent not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, on such date (or, if such Revolving Lender shall have received such notice later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, on any day, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the immediately following Business Day), an amount equal to such Revolving Lenders Pro Rata Percentage of the unreimbursed LC Disbursement in the same manner as provided in with respect to Revolving Loans made by such Revolving Lender, and the Administrative Agent will promptly pay to the Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Revolving Lenders.  The Administrative Agent will promptly pay to the Issuing Bank any amounts received by it from Borrower pursuant to the above paragraph prior to the time that any Revolving Lender makes any payment pursuant to the preceding sentence and any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent from Borrower thereafter will be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Revolving Lenders that shall have made such payments and to the Issuing Bank, as appropriate.
Section 2.18(e)(i)
Section 2.02(c)
 
 
59
 
 
(iii)      If any Revolving Lender shall not have made its Pro Rata Percentage of such LC Disbursement available to the Administrative Agent as provided above, each of Borrower and such Revolving Lender severally agrees to pay interest on such amount, for each day from and including the date such amount is required to be paid in accordance with the foregoing to but excluding the date such amount is paid, to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Issuing Bank at (i) in the case of Borrower, the Default Rate and (ii) in the case of such Lender, at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules or practices on interbank compensation.
 
(f)        .  The Reimbursement Obligation of Borrower as provided in shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid and performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein; (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit being proved to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; (iii) payment by the Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that fails to comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit; (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this , constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the obligations of Borrower hereunder; (v) the fact that a Default shall have occurred and be continuing; (vi) any material adverse change in the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, assets, liabilities (contingent or otherwise), material agreements, properties, solvency, business, management, prospects or value of any Company; or (vii) any other fact, circumstance or event whatsoever.  None of the Agents, the Lenders, the Issuing Bank or any of their Affiliates shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the Issuing Bank; that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse the Issuing Bank from liability to Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential, exemplary, special, punitive or other indirect damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements) suffered by Borrower that are caused by the Issuing Banks failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof.  The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction) with respect to such a determination, the Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination.  In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, the Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit.
Obligations Absolute
Section 2.18(e)
Section 2.18
provided
 
(g)        .  The Issuing Bank shall, promptly following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit.  The Issuing Bank shall promptly give written notice to the Administrative Agent and Borrower of such demand for payment and whether the Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder; that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve Borrower of its Reimbursement Obligation to the Issuing Bank and the Revolving Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement (other than with respect to the timing of such Reimbursement Obligation set forth in ).
Disbursement Procedures
provided
Section 2.18(e)
 
 
60
 
 
(h)        .  If the Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement in full on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest payable on demand, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that Borrower reimburses such LC Disbursement, at the Default Rate.  Interest accrued pursuant to this shall be for the account of the Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Revolving Lender pursuant to to reimburse the Issuing Bank shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such payment.
Interim Interest
Section 2.18(h)
Section 2.18(e)
 
(i)        .  If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the Business Day that Borrower receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, Revolving Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50% of the total LC Exposure) demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this , Borrower shall deposit in the LC Sub-Account, in the name of the Collateral Agent and for the benefit of the Revolving Lenders, an amount in cash equal to 105% of the LC Exposure as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon; that the obligation to deposit such cash collateral shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower described in paragraph (g) or (h) of .  Funds in the LC Sub-Account shall be applied by the Collateral Agent to reimburse the Issuing Bank for LC Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of outstanding Reimbursement Obligations or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of Revolving Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50% of the total LC Exposure), be applied to satisfy other Obligations of Borrower in accordance with .  If Borrower is required to provide an amount of cash collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount any accrued interest with respect to such amounts (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall, in accordance with , be returned to Borrower within ten Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived.
Cash Collateralization
Section 2.18(i)
provided
Article VIII
Article IX
plus
Article IX
 
(j)        .  Borrower may, at any time and from time to time, designate one or more additional Revolving Lenders to act as an issuing bank under the terms of this Agreement, with the consent of each of the Administrative Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), the Issuing Bank (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld) and such Revolving Lender(s).  Any Revolving Lender designated as an issuing bank pursuant to this shall be deemed (in addition to being a Revolving Lender) to be the Issuing Bank with respect to Letters of Credit issued or to be issued by such Revolving Lender, and all references herein and in the other Loan Documents to the term Issuing Bank shall, with respect to such Letters of Credit, be deemed to refer to such Revolving Lender in its capacity as Issuing Bank, as the context shall require.
Additional Issuing Banks
Section 2.18(j)
 
(k)        .  The Issuing Bank may resign as Issuing Bank hereunder at any time upon at least 30 days prior written notice to the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and Borrower.  The Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement among Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the successor Issuing Bank.  The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of the Issuing Bank or any such additional Issuing Bank.  At the time any such resignation or replacement shall become effective, Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to .  From and after the effective date of any such resignation or replacement or addition, as applicable, (i) the successor or additional Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of the Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued by it thereafter and (ii) references herein and in the other Loan Documents to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to such successor or such addition or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor or such addition and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require.  After the resignation or replacement of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such resignation or replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit.  If at any time there is more than one Issuing Bank hereunder, Borrower may, in its discretion, select which Issuing Bank is to issue any particular Letter of Credit.
Resignation or Removal of the Issuing Bank
Section 2.05(c)
 
 
61
 
 
(l)        .  The Issuing Bank shall be under no obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if:
Other
 
(i)        any Order of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain the Issuing Bank from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Legal Requirement applicable to the Issuing Bank or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the Issuing Bank shall prohibit, or request that the Issuing Bank refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon the Issuing Bank with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which the Issuing Bank is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon the Issuing Bank any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which the Issuing Bank deems material to it; or
 
(ii)       the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of general application of the Issuing Bank.
 
(m)        The Issuing Bank shall be under no obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if (A) the Issuing Bank would have no obligation at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof, or (B) the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to such Letter of Credit.
 
.
Section 2.19      
Increases of the Term Loan Commitments
 
(a)        Borrower may, not more than three times after the Closing Date, increase, at Borrower's request to the Administrative Agent, the then effective aggregate principal amount of the Term Loan Commitments; that:
provided
 
(i)        the aggregate principal amount of the increases in the Term Loan Commitments pursuant to this shall not exceed $50,000,000 and the aggregate principal amount of any requested increase shall be (i) in an integral multiple of $5,000,000 and (ii) not less than $15,000,000 (or such lower amount that represents all remaining availability pursuant to this );
Section 2.19
Section 2.19
 
(ii)       the proceeds of such increases shall be used solely for the purpose of funding (i) Permitted Acquisitions or (ii) Dividends to Holdings permitted hereunder in an amount not to exceed $15,000,000 in the aggregate;
 
 
62
 
 
(iii)      Borrower shall execute and deliver such agreements, instruments and documents and take such other actions as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in connection with such increases and at the time of any such proposed increase;
 
(iv)      no Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would occur after giving effect to such increase and the application of proceeds therefrom;
 
(v)       each of the representations and warranties made by any Loan Party set forth in Article III or in any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such increase with the same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date); provided that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects on such respective dates.
 
(vi)      the Companies shall be in compliance, on a pro forma basis, with each of the financial covenants specified in , as of the last day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter after giving effect to such increase, the Borrowing of such increase in full by the Borrower on the date of such increase and the use of the proceeds of such increase to fund Permitted Acquisitions (assuming, for purposes of , that the maximum Total Leverage Ratio permitted in any Test Period pursuant to is the lesser of (1) 3.00:1.00 and (2) 0.25:1.00 lower than the maximum Total Leverage Ratio set forth in for such Test Period);
Section 6.10
Section 6.10
Section 6.10(a)
Section 6.10(a)
 
(vii)     the Term Loans made under this shall have a maturity date no earlier than the Term Loan Maturity Date and shall have a weighted average life to maturity no shorter than the Term Loans made under ;
Section 2.19
Section 2.02
 
(viii)    if the weighted average interest rates applicable to the Term Loans made pursuant to this exceed the interest rates set forth in by more than 50 basis points, then the interest rates set forth in Section 2.06 shall increase by the Yield Differential (it being understood that any increase in the weighted average interest rates may (i) take the form of original issue discount () or upfront fees, with such OID or upfront fees being equated to such interest margins in a manner determined by the Administrative Agent and consistent with generally accepted financial practice based on an assumed four-year life to maturity or (ii) be accomplished by a combination of an increase in the weighted average interest rates, OID and/or upfront fees);
Section 2.19
Section 2.06
OID
 
(ix)       all other terms and conditions with respect to the Term Loans made pursuant to this shall be substantially the same as those with respect to the then existing Term Loans;
Section 2.19
 
(b)        Any request under this shall be submitted by Borrower in writing to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly forward copies to the Lenders).  Borrower may also specify any fees offered to those Lenders (the ) that agree to increase the principal amount of their Term Loan Commitments, which fees may be variable based upon the amount by which any such Lender is willing to increase the principal amount of its Term Loan Commitment.  No Lender shall have any obligation, express or implied, to offer to increase the aggregate principal amount of its Term Loan Commitment.  Only the consent of each Increasing Lender shall be required for an increase in the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loan Commitments pursuant to this .  No Lender which declines to increase the principal amount of its Term Loan Commitment may be replaced with respect to its existing Term Loan Commitment as a result thereof without such Lenders consent.
Section 2.19
Increasing Lenders
Section 2.19
 
 
63
 
 
(c)        Each Increasing Lender shall as soon as reasonably practicable specify in writing the amount of the proposed increase of the Term Loan Commitments that it is willing to assume ( that any Lender not so responding within five Business Days (or such shorter period as may be specified by the Administrative Agent) shall be deemed to have declined such a request).  Borrower may accept some or all of the offered amounts or designate new lenders that are either Affiliates of existing Lenders or Approved Funds or banks, financial institutions or institutional lenders that are otherwise acceptable to the Administrative Agent as additional Lenders hereunder in accordance with this (each such new lender being a ), which New Lenders may assume all or a portion of the increase in the aggregate principal amount of the applicable Term Loan Commitments.  The Administrative Agent, in consultation with Borrower, shall have discretion jointly to adjust the allocation of the increased aggregate principal amount of the Term Loan Commitments among Increasing Lenders and New Lenders.
provided
Section 2.19
New Lender
 
(d)        Subject to the foregoing, any increase requested by Borrower shall be effective upon (A) delivery to the Administrative Agent of each of the following documents:  (i) an originally executed copy of a Joinder Agreement signed by a duly authorized officer of each New Lender; (ii) a notice to the Increasing Lenders and New Lenders, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, signed by a Financial Officer of Borrower; (iii) an Officers' Certificate of Borrower, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent; (iv) to the extent requested by any New Lender or Increasing Lender, executed Term Notes issued by Borrower in accordance with ; (v) an amendment (an ) to this Agreement and, as appropriate, the other Loan Documents, executed by Borrower, each Increasing Lender (if any), each New Lender (if any) and the Administrative Agent; and (vi) any other certificates or documents that the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and (B) satisfaction on the effective date of the Incremental Loan Amendment of (x) each of the conditions specified in (it being understood that all references to the date of such Credit Extension or similar language in shall be deemed to refer to the effective date of the Incremental Loan Amendment), and (y) such other conditions as the parties thereto shall agree.  Any such increase shall be in an aggregate principal amount equal to (A) the principal amount that Increasing Lenders are willing to assume as increases to the principal amount of their Term Loan Commitments plus (B) the principal amount offered by New Lenders with respect to the Term Loan Commitments, in either case as adjusted by Borrower and the Administrative Agent pursuant to this .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in , the Administrative Agent is expressly permitted, without the consent of the other Lenders, to amend the Loan Documents to the extent necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent to give effect to any increases pursuant to this .
Section 2.04(e)
Incremental Loan Amendment
Section 4.02
Section 4.02
Section 2.19
Section 10.02
Section 2.19
 
 
Each Loan Party represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing Bank and each of the Lenders (with references in this to the Companies being references thereto after giving effect to the Transactions unless otherwise expressly stated) that:
Article III
 
.  Each Company (a) is duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and (c) is qualified, licensed and in good standing (to the extent such concept is legally recognized in the applicable jurisdiction) to do business in every jurisdiction where such qualification is required, except in such jurisdictions where the failure to so qualify, be licensed or be in good standing could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Section 3.01      
Organization; Powers
 
 
64
 
 
.  The Transactions to be entered into by each Loan Party are within such Loan Partys powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action on the part of each such Loan Party.  This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party and constitutes, and each other Loan Document to which any Loan Party is to be a party, when executed and delivered by such Loan Party, will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.
Section 3.02      
Authorization; Enforceability
 
.  The Transactions (a) do not require any consent, exemption, authorization or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except (i) such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (ii) filings necessary to perfect or maintain the perfection or priority of the Liens created by the Security Documents and (iii) consents, approvals, exemptions, authorizations, registrations, filings, permits or actions the failure of which to obtain or perform could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (b) will not violate the Organizational Documents of any Company, (c) will not violate or result in a default or require any consent or approval under (x) any indenture, instrument, agreement, or other document binding upon any Company or its property or to which any Company or its property is subject, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by any Company, except for violations, defaults or the creation of such rights that could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or (y) any Organizational Document, (d) will not violate any Legal Requirement in any material respect, and (e) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any property of any Company, except Liens created by the Security Documents.  No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.
Section 3.03      
No Conflicts; No Default
 
.  (a)  Borrower has heretofore delivered to the Lenders the consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows of the Borrower (i) as of and for the fiscal years ended September 24, 2008, September 30, 2009 and September 29, 2010 audited by and accompanied by the unqualified opinion of Deloitte & Touche LLP, independent public accountants, and (ii) as of and for the forty-week period ended July 6, 2011 and for the comparable period of the preceding fiscal year, in each case, certified by the chief financial officer of Borrower.  Such financial statements and all financial statements delivered pursuant to and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the applicable period covered, respectively, thereby and present fairly and accurately the financial condition and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower as of the dates and for the periods to which they relate (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes).  Except as set forth in such financial statements, there are no material liabilities of any Company of any kind, whether accrued, contingent, absolute, determined, determinable or otherwise, and there is no existing condition, situation or set of circumstances which could reasonably be expected to result in such a liability.
Section 3.04      
Financial Statements; Projections
Sections 5.01(a)
(b)
 
(b)        [Reserved.]
 
(c)        Borrower has heretofore delivered to the Lenders the forecasts of financial performance of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal years 2011  2016 (the ).  The Projections have been prepared in good faith by the Loan Parties and based upon (i) the assumptions stated therein (which assumptions are believed by the Loan Parties on the date hereof and the Closing Date to be reasonable), (ii) accounting principles consistent with the historical audited financial statements delivered pursuant to above consistently applied throughout the fiscal years covered thereby, and (iii) the best information available to the Loan Parties as of the date hereof and the Closing Date.
Projections
Section 3.04(a)
 
 
65
 
 
(d)        Since September 29, 2010, there has been no event, change, circumstance or occurrence that has had, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect.
 
.  (a)  Each Company has good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all its property material to its business, free and clear of all Liens and irregularities, deficiencies and defects in title except for Permitted Liens (or, in the case of Collateral, Permitted Collateral Liens) and minor irregularities, deficiencies and defects in title that, individually or in the aggregate, do not, and could not reasonably be expected to, interfere in any material respect with its ability to conduct its business as currently conducted or to utilize such property for its intended purpose.
Section 3.05      
Properties
 
(b)        The property of the Companies, taken as a whole, (i) is in good operating order, condition and repair (ordinary wear and tear excepted), and (ii) constitutes all the property which is required for the business and operations of the Companies as presently conducted.
 
(c)         contains a true and complete list of each ownership and leasehold interest in Real Property (i) owned by any Company as of the Closing Date and describes the type of interest therein held by such Company and (ii) leased, subleased or otherwise occupied or utilized by any Company, as lessee, sublessee, franchisee or licensee, as of the Closing Date and describes the type of interest therein held by such Company.
Schedule 3.05(c)
 
(d)        No Mortgage encumbers improved Real Property that is located in an area that has been identified by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development as an area having special flood hazards within the meaning of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 unless flood insurance available under such Act has been obtained in accordance with .
Section 5.04
 
(e)        Each Company owns or has rights to use all of its property and all rights with respect to any of the foregoing used in or necessary for each Companys business as currently conducted, except for those the failure to own or have rights to use which, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  The use by each Company of its property and all such rights with respect to the foregoing do not infringe on the rights or other interests of any person, other than any infringement that could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  No claim has been made and remains outstanding that any Companys use of any of its property does or may violate the rights of any third party that, individually or in the aggregate, has had, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect.  The Real Property is zoned in all material respects to permit the uses for which such Real Property is currently being used.  The present uses of the Real Property and the current operations of each Companys business do not violate in any material respect any provision of any applicable building codes, subdivision regulations, fire regulations, health regulations or building and zoning by-laws.
 
(f)        Except for exceptions to the following that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, there is no pending or threatened condemnation or eminent domain proceeding with respect to, or that could affect any of the Real Property of the Companies.
 
(g)        Each parcel of Real Property is taxed as a separate tax lot and is currently being used in a manner that is consistent with and in compliance in all material respects with the property classification assigned to it for real estate tax assessment purposes.
 
.  (a)  Each Company owns or is licensed to use, free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens), all patents and patent applications, trademarks, trade names, service marks, copyrights, domain names and applications for registration thereof, and technology, trade secrets, proprietary information, inventions, know-how and processes, in each case necessary for the conduct of its business as currently conducted (the ), except for those the failure to own or license which, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Section 3.06     
Intellectual Property
Intellectual Property
 
 
66
 
 
(b)        No claim has been asserted in writing and is pending by any person challenging or questioning any Companys right to use any such Intellectual Property or the validity of any Companys Intellectual Property, except to the extent that such claims, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  The use of such Intellectual Property by each Company does not infringe the rights of any person, except for such claims and infringements which, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  Except pursuant to franchise agreements, samples of which have been provided to the Administrative Agent and other licenses, supply agreements, and other user agreements entered into by each Company in the ordinary course of business which, to the extent material and in existence on the Closing Date, are listed in , no Company has authorized any other person to use any such Intellectual Property, which use, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  Each Company has taken commercially reasonable actions to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all material trade secrets used in such Companys business.
Schedule 3.06(b)
 
(c)        .  (i) No Company is aware of any violation by others of any right of any Company with respect to any Intellectual Property, other than such violations that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) no Company is infringing upon or misappropriating any copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property right of any other personexcept such as individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (iii) no Company is in breach of, or in default under, any license of Intellectual Property by any other person, to such Company, except in any case where such breach or default, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (iv) no proceedings have been instituted or are pending against any Company, or to such Companys knowledge, threatened, and no claim against any Company has been received by any Company, alleging any such infringement or misappropriation, except to the extent that such proceedings or claims, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
No Violations or Proceedings
 
 
(d)        .  Neither the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, nor the consummation of the Transactions and the other transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, will alter or impair any right of any Company in any Intellectual Property, except for such alterations or impairments which result from any Companys compliance with, or the Agents enforcement of its rights under, the Loan Documents, and except to the extent that such alterations or impairments, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
No Impairment
 
(e)        .  No Company is subject to any settlement, covenant not to sue or other instrument, agreement or other document, or any outstanding Order, which could reasonably be expected to materially affect any Companys use or licensing of its Intellectual Property in its business as currently conducted.
No Agreement or Order Materially Affecting Intellectual Property
 
.  (a)   sets forth a list of (i) the Borrower and each Subsidiary of the Borrower and its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization as of the Closing Date and (ii) the number of each class of its Equity Interests authorized, and the number outstanding, on the Closing Date and the number of Equity Interests covered by all outstanding options, warrants, rights of conversion or purchase and similar rights on the Closing Date.  All Equity Interests of each Company are duly and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable, and, other than the Equity Interests of the Borrower, are owned by Borrower, directly or indirectly, through Wholly Owned Subsidiaries.  All Equity Interests of Borrower are owned directly by Holdings.  Each Loan Party is the record and beneficial owner of, and has good and marketable title to, the Equity Interests pledged by (or purporting to be pledged by) it under the Security Documents, free of any and all Liens, rights or claims of other persons, except the security interest created by the Security Documents and any Permitted Liens that arise by operation of applicable Legal Requirements and are not voluntarily granted, and, as of the Closing Date, there are no outstanding warrants, options or other rights (including derivatives) to purchase, or shareholder, voting trust or similar agreements outstanding with respect to, or property that is convertible into, or that requires the issuance or sale of, any such Equity Interests (or any economic or voting interests therein).
Section 3.07      
Equity Interests and Subsidiaries
Schedule 3.07(a)
 
 
67
 
 
(b)        No consent of any person, including any general or limited partner, any other member or manager of a limited liability company, any shareholder, any other trust beneficiary or derivative counterparty, is necessary in connection with the creation, perfection or first priority status (or the maintenance thereof) of the security interest of the Collateral Agent in any Equity Interests pledged to the Collateral Agent under the Security Documents or the exercise by the Collateral Agent or any Lender of the voting or other rights provided for in the Security Documents or the exercise of remedies in respect of such Equity Interests.
 
.  (a)  There are no actions, suits, claims, disputes or proceedings at law or in equity by or before any Governmental Authority now pending or, to the best of the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened against or affecting any Company or any business, property or rights of any Company (i) that purport to affect or involve any Loan Document or any of the Transactions or (ii) that have resulted, or as to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination and that, if adversely determined, could, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result, in a Material Adverse Effect.
Section 3.08      
Litigation; Compliance with Legal Requirements
 
.  (a)  No Company is a party to any agreement, instrument or other document or subject to any corporate or other constitutional restriction, or any restriction under its Organizational Documents, that has resulted, or could reasonably be expected to result, in a Material Adverse Effect.
Section 3.09      
Agreements
 
(b)        No Company is in default in any manner under any provision of any indenture or other agreement or instrument evidencing Indebtedness, or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a part or by which it or any of its property is or may be bound or subject, where such default could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
(c)         accurately and completely lists all Material Agreements (other than leases of Real Property set forth on and franchise agreements, samples of which have been provided to the Administrative Agent on or before the date hereof) to which any Loan Party is a party which are in effect on the Closing Date in connection with the operation of the business conducted thereby and Borrower has delivered to the Administrative Agent (or expressly made available in a reasonable manner to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders for review on or before the date hereof) complete and correct copies of all such Material Agreements, including any amendments, supplements or modifications with respect thereto, and all such Material Agreements are in full force and effect.
Schedule 3.09(c)
Schedule 3.05(c)
 
.  (a)  No Company is engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing, buying or carrying Margin Stock.
Section 3.10      
Federal Reserve Regulations
 
 
68
 
 
(b)        No part of the proceeds of any Credit Extension will be used, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, for any purpose that entails a violation of, or that is inconsistent with, the provisions of the regulations of the Board, including Regulation T, U or X.  The pledge of the Securities Collateral pursuant to the Security Agreement does not violate such regulations.
 
.  No Company is (a) an investment company or a company controlled by an investment company, as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or (b) subject to regulation under any Legal Requirement (other than Regulation X) that limits its ability to incur, create, assume or permit to exist Indebtedness or grant any Contingent Obligation in respect of Indebtedness.
Section 3.11      
Investment Company Act, etc
 
.  Borrower will use the proceeds of (a) the Term Loans to finance the Transactions and pay any related fees and expenses and (b) the Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans for working capital and general corporate purposes (including to effect Permitted Acquisitions, to refinance indebtedness of the business acquired pursuant to any such Permitted Acquisition and to pay fees and expenses in connection with any such Permitted Acquisition).
Section 3.12     
Use of Proceeds
 
.  Each Company has (a) timely filed or caused to be timely filed all material federal, state, local and foreign Tax Returns required to have been filed by it and all such Tax Returns are true and correct in all material respects and (b) duly and timely paid or caused to be duly and timely paid all material Taxes (whether or not shown on any Tax Return) due and payable by it and all assessments received by it, except Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which such Company has set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP.  Each Company has made adequate provision in accordance with GAAP for all Taxes not yet due and payable.  No Company has knowledge of any proposed or pending tax assessments, deficiencies, audits or other proceedings and no proposed or pending tax assessments, deficiencies, audits or other proceedings have resulted, or could, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result, in a Material Adverse Effect.  No Company has ever  in a  within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4.  No Company is party to any tax sharing or similar agreement.
Section 3.13      
Taxes
participated
reportable transaction
 
.  The Borrower has disclosed to the Lenders all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  Neither the Information Memorandum nor any of the other reports, financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading as of the date such information is dated or certified; provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time.
Section 3.14      
No Material Misstatements
 
.  There are no strikes, lockouts or slowdowns against any Company pending or, to the best of the knowledge of the Loan Parties, threatened that have resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect.  The hours worked by and payments made to employees of any Company have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended, or any other applicable Legal Requirement dealing with such matters in any manner that has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect.
Section 3.15      
Labor Matters
 
 
69
 
 
.  Both immediately before and immediately after the consummation of the Transactions to occur on the Closing Date and immediately following the making of each Credit Extension and after giving effect to the application of the proceeds of each Credit Extension, (a) the fair value of the properties of each Loan Party will exceed its debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, (b) the present fair saleable value of the property of each Loan Party will be greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of its debts and other liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and other liabilities become absolute and matured, (c) each Loan Party will be able to pay its debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and liabilities become absolute and matured; and (d) each Loan Party will not have unreasonably small capital with which to conduct its business in which it is engaged as such business is now conducted and is proposed, contemplated or about to be conducted following the Closing Date.
Section 3.16      
Solvency
 
.  (a)  Except to the extent the failure to comply could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each Company and each of its ERISA Affiliates is in compliance with all applicable Legal Requirements, including all applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder, with respect to all Employee Benefit Plans.  Each Employee Benefit Plan complies in all material respects, and is operated and maintained in compliance in all material respects, with all applicable Legal Requirements, including all applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder.  Each Employee Benefit Plan that is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination from the Internal Revenue Service for all required amendments and nothing has occurred which could reasonably be expected to prevent, or cause the loss of, such qualification.
Section 3.17      
Employee Benefit Plans
 
(b)        No ERISA Event has occurred or is expected to occur.  No Pension Plan has any Unfunded Pension Liability.  Except as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (either individually or in the aggregate), within the last six years, no Pension Plan has been terminated, whether or not in a standard termination as that term is used in Section 4041 of ERISA, nor has any Pension Plan (determined at any time within the last six years) with an Unfunded Pension Liability been transferred outside of the controlled group (within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(14) of ERISA) of any Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates.  Using actuarial assumptions and computation methods consistent with subpart I of subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA, the aggregate liabilities of any Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates to all Multiemployer Plans in the event of a complete withdrawal therefrom, as of the close of the most recent fiscal year of each such Multiemployer Plan, have not resulted in, and could not reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect.
 
.
Section 3.18      
Environmental Matters
 
(a)        Except as could not reasonably be expected to result in loss to the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, assets, properties, solvency, business, prospects or value of the Companies, individually or in the aggregate, in excess of $5,000,000:
 
(i)        the Companies and their businesses, operations and Real Property are and have at all times during the Companies' ownership or lease thereof been in compliance with, and the Companies have no liability under, any applicable Environmental Law;
 
(ii)        the Companies have obtained all Environmental Permits required for the conduct of their businesses and operations, and the ownership, operation and use of their Real Property, under all applicable Environmental Laws.  The Companies are in compliance with the terms and conditions of such Environmental Permits, and all such Environmental Permits are valid and in good standing;
 
 
70
 
 
(iii)      there has been no Release or threatened Release or any handling, management, generation, treatment, storage or disposal of Hazardous Materials on, at, under or from any Real Property or facility presently or formerly owned, leased or operated by any of the Companies or their predecessors in interest that has resulted in, or is reasonably likely to result in, liability or obligations by any of the Companies under Environmental Law or in an Environmental Claim;
 
(iv)      there is no Environmental Claim pending or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, threatened against any of the Companies, or relating to the Real Property currently or formerly owned, leased or operated by any of the Companies or relating to the operations of the Companies, and, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, there are no actions, activities, circumstances, conditions, events or incidents that are reasonably likely to form the basis of such an Environmental Claim;
 
(v)       no Company is obligated to perform any action or otherwise incur any expense under Environmental Law, including pursuant to any Order or agreement by which it is bound or has assumed by contract or agreement, and no Company is conducting or financing any Response pursuant to any Environmental Law with respect to any Real Property or any other location;
 
(vi)      no Real Property or facility owned, operated or leased by the Companies and, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, no Real Property or facility formerly owned, operated or leased by any of the Companies or any of their predecessors in interest is (i) listed or proposed for listing on the National Priorities List as defined in and promulgated pursuant to CERCLA or (ii) listed on the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Information System promulgated pursuant to CERCLA or (iii) included on any similar list maintained by any Governmental Authority that indicates that any Company has or is reasonably likely to have an obligation to undertake investigatory or remediation obligations under applicable Environmental Laws;
 
(vii)     there are no underground or aboveground storage tanks, whether empty or containing any Hazardous Material, located on any Real Property; and
 
(viii)    the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the consummation of the Transactions and the other transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not require any notification, registration, filing, reporting, disclosure, investigation, remediation or cleanup obligations pursuant to any Governmental Real Property Disclosure Requirements or any other Environmental Law.
 
.  Schedule 3.19 sets forth a true, complete and accurate description in reasonable detail of all insurance maintained by each Company as of the Closing Date.  Each Company has insurance in such amounts and covering such risks and liabilities as are customary for companies of a similar size engaged in similar businesses in similar locations or as are otherwise deemed prudent by the Borrower, in the exercise of its reasonable business judgment.  All material insurance maintained by the Companies is in full force and effect, all premiums have been duly paid, no Company has received notice of violation, invalidity or cancellation thereof, the Premises, and the use, occupancy and operation thereof, comply in all material respects with all Insurance Requirements, and there exists no default under any Insurance Requirement.
Section 3.19      
Insurance
 
.  (a)  The Security Agreement is effective to create in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, legal, valid and enforceable Liens on, and security interests in, the Security Agreement Collateral and, when (i) financing statements and other filings in appropriate form are filed in the Office of the Secretary of State of the jurisdiction of incorporation or organization of the applicable Loan Party (or in such other applicable central filing office as shall be specified under the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the jurisdiction of incorporation or organization of the applicable Loan Party) and (ii) upon the taking of possession or control by the Collateral Agent of the Security Agreement Collateral with respect to which a security interest may be perfected only by possession or control (which possession or control shall be given to the Collateral Agent to the extent possession or control by the Collateral Agent is required by each Security Document), the Liens created by the Security Agreement shall constitute fully perfected Liens on, and security interests in, all right, title and interest of the grantors thereunder in the Security Agreement Collateral (other than (A) the Intellectual Property constituting Collateral and (B) such Security Agreement Collateral in which a security interest cannot be perfected under the UCC as in effect at the relevant time in the relevant jurisdiction), in each case subject to no Liens other than Permitted Liens.
Section 3.20      
Security Documents
 
 
71
 
 
(b)        When (i) the Security Agreement or a short form thereof is filed in the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United States Copyright Office, and (ii) financing statements and other filings in appropriate form are filed in the Office of the Secretary of State of the jurisdiction of incorporation or organization of the applicable Loan Party (or in such other applicable central filing office as shall be specified under the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the jurisdiction of incorporation or organization of the applicable Loan Party), the Liens created by the Security Agreement shall constitute fully perfected Liens on, and security interests in, all right, title and interest of the grantors thereunder in the Intellectual Property constituting Collateral, in each case subject to no Liens other than Permitted Liens.
 
(c)        Each Mortgage delivered pursuant to and will, upon execution and delivery thereof, be effective to create, in favor of the Collateral Agent, for its benefit and the benefit of the Secured Parties, legal, valid and enforceable first priority Liens on, and security interests in, all of the Loan Parties right, title and interest in and to the Mortgaged Properties thereunder and the proceeds thereof, subject only to Permitted Liens, and when such Mortgage is filed in the offices specified in the local counsel opinion delivered with respect thereto in accordance with the provisions of and ), such Mortgage shall constitute fully perfected Liens on, and security interests in, all right, title and interest of the Loan Parties in the Mortgaged Properties thereunder and the proceeds thereof, in each case prior and superior in right to any other person, other than Permitted Liens.
Sections 5.10
5.11
Sections 5.10
5.11
 
(d)        Each Security Document delivered pursuant to and will, upon execution and delivery thereof, be effective to create in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, legal, valid and enforceable Liens on, and security interests in, all of the Loan Parties right, title and interest in and to the Collateral thereunder, and (i) when all appropriate filings or recordings are made in the appropriate offices as may be required under applicable Legal Requirements and (ii) upon the taking of possession or control by the Collateral Agent of such Collateral with respect to which a security interest may be perfected only by possession or control (which such possession or control shall be given to the Collateral Agent to the extent required by any Security Document), the Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent created under such Security Document will constitute valid, enforceable and fully perfected first priority Liens on, and security interests in, all right, title and interest of the Loan Parties in such Collateral, in each case subject to no Liens other than Permitted Liens.
Sections 5.11
5.12
 
.  (a)  No Company and, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, none of its Affiliates is in violation of any Legal Requirements relating to terrorism or money laundering (), including Executive Order No. 13224 on Terrorist Financing, effective September 24, 2001 (the ), and the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Public Law 107-56 (the ).
Section 3.21      
Anti-Terrorism Law; Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
Anti-Terrorism Laws
Executive Order
Patriot Act
 
 
72
 
 
(b)        No Company and to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, no Affiliate or broker or other agent of any Loan Party acting or benefiting in any capacity in connection with the Credit Extensions currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (); and the Borrower will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the Loans or the Letters of Credit or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Person, for the purpose of financing the activities of any Person currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC.
OFAC
 
(c)        No Company and, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, no broker or other agent of any Company acting in any capacity in connection with the Loans (i) conducts any business or engages in making or receiving any contribution of funds, goods or services to or for the benefit of any person described in , (ii) deals in, or otherwise engages in any transaction relating to, any property or interests in property blocked pursuant to the Executive Order, or (iii) engages in or conspires to engage in any transaction that evades or avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempts to violate, any of the prohibitions set forth in any Anti-Terrorism Law.
Section 3.21(b)
 
(d)        No Company nor any director or officer, nor to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, any agent, employee or other person acting, directly or indirectly, on behalf of any Company, has, in the course of its actions for, or on behalf of, any Company, directly or indirectly (i) used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; (ii) made any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate funds; (iii) violated or is in violation of any provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977; or (iv) made any unlawful bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee.
 
 
.  The obligation of each Lender and, if applicable, each Issuing Bank to fund the initial Credit Extension requested to be made by it shall be subject to the prior or concurrent satisfaction of each of the conditions precedent set forth in this Section 4.01.
Section 4.01      
Conditions to Initial Credit Extension
 
(a)        .  All legal matters incident to this Agreement, the Credit Extensions hereunder and the other Loan Documents shall be satisfactory to the Lenders, to the Issuing Bank and to the Administrative Agent and there shall have been delivered to the Administrative Agent a properly executed counterpart of each of the Loan Documents and the Perfection Certificate.
Loan Documents
 
(b)        .  The Administrative Agent shall have received:
Corporate Documents
 
(i)        a certificate of the secretary or assistant secretary of each Loan Party dated the Closing Date, certifying (A) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of each Organizational Document of such Loan Party certified (to the extent applicable) as of a recent date by the Secretary of State of the state of its organization, (B) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of resolutions duly adopted by the Board of Directors of such Loan Party authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which such person is a party and, in the case of Borrower, the Credit Extensions hereunder, and that such resolutions have not been modified, rescinded or amended and are in full force and effect and (C) as to the incumbency and specimen signature of each officer executing any Loan Document or any other document delivered in connection herewith on behalf of such Loan Party (together with a certificate of another officer as to the incumbency and specimen signature of the secretary or assistant secretary executing the certificate required by this clause (i)); and
 
 
73
 
 
(ii)        a certificate as to the good standing (to the extent such concept is legally recognized in the applicable jurisdiction) of each Loan Party (in so-called long-form if available) as of a recent date, from such Secretary of State.
 
(c)        .  The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated the Closing Date and signed by the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer of Borrower, confirming compliance with the conditions precedent set forth in this and , and .
Officers Certificate
Section 4.01
Sections 4.02(b)
(c)
(d)
 
(d)        .  (i) The Transactions shall have been consummated or shall be consummated simultaneously on the Closing Date, in accordance with the terms hereof; and
Financings and Other Transactions, Etc
 
(ii)       The Refinancing shall have been consummated in full to the satisfaction of the Lenders with all liens in favor of the existing lenders being unconditionally released; the Administrative Agent shall have received a pay-off letter in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent with respect to all Indebtedness being refinanced in the Refinancing; and the Administrative Agent shall have received from any person holding any Lien securing any such Indebtedness, such UCC (or equivalent) termination statements, mortgage releases, releases of assignments of leases and rents, releases of security interests in Intellectual Property and other instruments, in each case in proper form for recording or filing, as the Administrative Agent shall have reasonably requested to release and terminate of record the Liens securing such Indebtedness.
 
(e)        .  After giving effect to the Transactions and the other transactions contemplated hereby, no Company shall have outstanding any Indebtedness for borrowed money or Preferred Stock other than (i) the Loans and Credit Extensions hereunder, (ii) the Indebtedness listed on and (iii) Indebtedness owed to any Loan Party.
Indebtedness and Minority Interests
Schedule 6.01(b)
 
(f)        .  The Administrative Agent shall have received, on behalf of itself, the other Agents, the Arranger, the Lenders and the Issuing Bank, a favorable written opinion of (i) Olshan Grundman Frome Rosenzweig & Wolosky LLP, special counsel for the Loan Parties, substantially to the effect set forth in , (ii) each local counsel listed on , substantially to the effect set forth in , in each case (A) dated the Closing Date, (B) addressed to the Agents, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders.
Opinions of Counsel
Exhibit N-1
Schedule 4.01(f)
Exhibit N-2
 
(g)        .  The Administrative Agent shall have received a solvency certificate (a ) in the form of , dated the Closing Date and signed by the chief financial officer of Borrower.
Solvency Certificate
Solvency Certificate
Exhibit M
 
(h)        .  The Lenders shall be satisfied that each Company, and the Transactions shall be in full compliance with all material Legal Requirements, including Regulations T, U and X of the Board, and shall have received satisfactory evidence of such compliance reasonably requested by them.
Legal Requirements
 
(i)        .  The Lenders shall be satisfied that all requisite Governmental Authorities, equityholders and third parties shall have approved, authorized or consented to the Transactions, and there shall be no governmental or judicial action, actual or threatened, that has or would have, individually or in the aggregate, a reasonable likelihood of restraining, preventing or imposing burdensome conditions on the Transactions or the other transactions contemplated hereby.
Consents
 
 
74
 
 
(j)         .  There shall not exist any claim, action, suit, investigation, litigation or proceeding pending or threatened by or before any court, or any governmental, administrative or regulatory agency or authority, domestic or foreign, that, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent or any Lender (a) has had, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect, (b) calls into question in any material respect the Projections or any of the material assumptions on which the Projections were prepared, or (c) the ability of any Company to perform its obligations under the Loan Documents or the ability of the parties to consummate the financings contemplated hereby or the other Transactions.
Litigation
 
(k)        .  The sources and uses of the Credit Extensions on the Closing Date shall be as set forth in .
Sources and Uses
Section 3.12
 
(l)         .  The Arranger and Administrative Agent shall have received all Fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the Closing Date, including, to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including the premiums, survey charges and recording taxes and fees and the legal fees and expenses of Jones Day, special counsel to the Administrative Agent and Arranger, and the fees and expenses of any local counsel, foreign counsel, appraisers, consultants and other advisors) required to be reimbursed or paid by the Loan Parties hereunder or under any other Loan Document.
Fees
 
(m)       .  The Collateral Agent shall have received:
Personal Property Requirements
 
(i)        all certificates, agreements or instruments representing or evidencing the Securities Collateral accompanied by instruments of transfer and stock powers undated and endorsed in blank;
 
(ii)        the Intercompany Note executed by and among the Companies, accompanied by an endorsement to the Intercompany Note in the form attached thereto, undated and endorsed in blank by each of the Loan Parties;
 
(iii)      all other certificates, agreements or instruments necessary to perfect the Collateral Agents security interest in all Chattel Paper, all Instruments and all Investment Property of each Loan Party (as each such term is defined in, and to the extent required by, the Security Agreement) (excluding any Control Agreement necessary to perfect the Collateral Agents security interest in the Deposit Accounts identified in Schedule 16(a) to the Perfection Certificate, which shall be delivered after the Closing Date in accordance with hereof);
Section 5.14
 
(iv)      UCC financing statements in appropriate form for filing under the UCC, filings with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and United States Copyright Office and such other documents under applicable Legal Requirements in each jurisdiction as may be necessary or appropriate or, in the opinion of the Collateral Agent, desirable to perfect the Liens created, or purported to be created, by the Security Documents;
 
(v)       copies, each as of a recent date, of (w) the UCC searches required by the Perfection Certificate, (x) United States Patent and Trademark Office and United States Copyright Office searches with respect to each Company, (y) tax and judgment lien searches, bankruptcy and pending lawsuit searches or equivalent reports or searches listing all effective lien notices or comparable documents that name any Company as debtor and that are filed in the state and county jurisdictions in which any Company is organized or maintains its principal place of business, and (z) such other searches that the Collateral Agent deems necessary or appropriate; and
 
 
75
 
 
(vi)      evidence reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent of payment or arrangements for payment by the Loan Parties of all applicable filing or recording taxes, fees, charges, costs and expenses required for the filing or recording of the Security Documents.
 
(n)        .  The Administrative Agent shall have received a copy of, or a certificate as to coverage under, the insurance policies required by and the applicable provisions of the Security Documents, each of which shall be endorsed or otherwise amended to include a  or  lenders loss payable or mortgagee endorsement (as applicable) and shall name the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, as additional insured, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent.
Insurance
Section 5.04
standard
New York
 
(o)        .  The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received, in form and substance satisfactory to them, all documentation and other information required by bank regulatory authorities or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender under or in respect of applicable Anti-Terrorism Laws or  Legal Requirements, including the Executive Order.
Bank Regulatory Documentation
know-your-customer
 
.  The obligation of each Lender and each Issuing Bank to make any Credit Extension (including the initial Credit Extension) shall be subject to, and to the satisfaction of, each of the conditions precedent set forth below.
Section 4.02      
Conditions to All Credit Extensions
 
(a)        .  The Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing Request as required by (or such notice shall have been deemed given in accordance with ) if Loans are being requested or, in the case of the issuance, amendment, extension or renewal of a Letter of Credit, the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent shall have received a notice requesting the issuance, amendment, extension or renewal of such Letter of Credit as required by or, in the case of the Borrowing of a Swingline Loan, the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing Request as required by .
Notice
Section 2.03
Section 2.03
Section 2.18(b)
Section 2.17(b)
 
(b)        .  Borrower and each other Loan Party shall be in compliance in all material respects with all the terms and provisions set forth herein and in each other Loan Document on its part to be observed or performed, and, at the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Credit Extension and the application of the proceeds thereof, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing on such date.
No Default
 
(c)        .  Each of the representations and warranties made by any Loan Party set forth in or in any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Credit Extension with the same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date); that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects on such respective dates.
Representations and Warranties
Article III
provided
 
(d)        .  No Order of any Governmental Authority shall purport to restrain (i) any Lender from making any Loans to be made by it or (ii) the Issuing Bank from issuing any Letters of Credit to be issued by it.  No injunction or other restraining Order shall have been issued, shall be pending or noticed with respect to any action, suit or proceeding seeking to enjoin or otherwise prevent the consummation of, or to recover any damages or obtain relief as a result of, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the making of Loans or the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder.
No Legal Bar
 
 
76
 
 
Each of the delivery of a Borrowing Request or notice requesting the issuance, amendment, extension or renewal of a Letter of Credit and the acceptance by Borrower of the proceeds of such Credit Extension shall constitute a representation and warranty by Borrower and each other Loan Party that on the date of such Credit Extension (both immediately before and after giving effect to such Credit Extension and the application of the proceeds thereof) the conditions contained in this have been satisfied.  Borrower shall provide such information (including calculations in reasonable detail of the covenants in ) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request to confirm that the conditions in this have been satisfied.
Section 4.02
Section 6.10
Section 4.02
 
 
Each Loan Party warrants, covenants and agrees with the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing Bank and each Lender that so long as this Agreement shall remain in effect and until the Commitments have been terminated and the principal of and interest and premium (if any) on each Loan, all Fees and all other expenses or amounts payable under any Loan Document shall have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit have been canceled or have expired and all amounts drawn thereunder have been reimbursed in full, each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to:
 
.  Furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender:
Section 5.01      
Financial Statements, Reports, etc
 
(a)        .  As soon as available and in any event within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year, (i) the consolidated balance sheet of Borrower as of the end of such fiscal year and related consolidated statements of income, cash flows and stockholders equity for such fiscal year, in comparative form with such financial statements as of the end of, and for, the preceding fiscal year, and notes thereto (including a note with a consolidating balance sheet and statements of income and cash flows separating out Borrower and its Subsidiaries), all prepared in accordance with GAAP and accompanied by an opinion of Deloitte & Touche LLP or other independent public accountants of recognized national standing reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which opinion shall not be qualified as to scope or contain any going concern or other material qualification or exemption), stating that such financial statements fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of Borrower as of the dates and for the periods specified in accordance with GAAP, and (ii) a management report in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent setting forth the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of Borrower as of the end of and for such fiscal year, compared to the end of and for the previous fiscal year;
Annual Reports
 
(b)        .  As soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter of each fiscal year, the consolidated balance sheet of Borrower as of the end of such fiscal quarter and related consolidated statements of income and cash flows for such fiscal quarter and for the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, in comparative form with the consolidated statements of income and cash flows for the comparable periods in the previous fiscal year, all prepared in accordance with GAAP and accompanied by a certificate of a Financial Officer stating that such financial statements fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of Borrower as of the date and for the periods specified in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, and on a basis consistent with audited financial statements referred to in clause (a) of this , subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes;
Quarterly Reports
Section 5.01
 
(c)        .  (i) Concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under or above, a Compliance Certificate certifying that no Default has occurred or, if such a Default has occurred, specifying in reasonable detail the nature and extent thereof and any corrective action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto and setting forth computations in reasonable detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent demonstrating compliance with the covenants contained in and, in the case of above, setting forth Borrowers calculation of Excess Cash Flow; and (ii) in the case of Section 5.01(a) above, a report of the accounting firm opining on or certifying such financial statements stating that in the course of its regular audit of the financial statements of Borrower and its Subsidiaries, which audit was conducted in accordance with GAAP, such accounting firm obtained no knowledge that any Default has occurred or, if in the opinion of such accounting firm such a Default has occurred, specifying in reasonable detail the nature and extent thereof in each case insofar as such Default relates to financial or accounting matters (provided, however, that such report may indicate that the accounting firms audit was not directed primarily toward obtaining knowledge of such noncompliance);
Financial Officers Certificate
Section 5.01(a)
(b)
Section 6.10
Section 5.01(a)
 
 
77
 
 
(d)        .  Concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under above, a certificate of a Financial Officer certifying that as of the date thereof (i) all UCC financing statements (including fixture filings, as applicable) or other appropriate filings, recordings or registrations, including all refilings, rerecordings and reregistrations, containing a sufficient description of the Collateral have been filed of record in each governmental, municipal or other appropriate office in each jurisdiction necessary to protect, perfect or maintain the perfection or priority of the Liens under the Security Documents for a period of not less than 18 months after the date of such certificate (except as noted therein with respect to any continuation statements to be filed within such period), and (ii) all possessory Collateral required to be delivered to the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Security Documents has been so delivered;
Financial Officers Certificate Regarding Collateral
Section 5.01(a)
 
(e)        .  Promptly after the receipt thereof by any Company, a copy of any management letter received by any such person from its certified public accountants and the managements responses thereto;
Management Letters
 
(f)        .  No later than the 45th day of each fiscal year of Borrower, a budget in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (including budgeted statements of income for each of Borrowers and its Subsidiaries business units and sources and uses of cash and balance sheets) prepared by Borrower for (i) each fiscal quarter of such fiscal year prepared in detail and (ii) the fiscal year immediately following such fiscal year prepared in summary form; and
Budgets
 
(g)        .  Promptly, from time to time, such other information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of any Company, or compliance with the terms of any Loan Document, or the environmental condition of any Real Property, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request.
Other Information
 
.  Furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender written notice of the following promptly (and, in any event, within five Business Days following the date on which a Responsible Officer obtains knowledge thereof):
Section 5.02        
Litigation and Other Notices
 
(a)        any Default, specifying the nature and extent thereof and the corrective action (if any) taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto;
 
(b)        the filing or commencement of, or any threat or notice of intention of any person to file or commence, any action, suit, litigation or proceeding, whether at law or in equity or otherwise by or before any Governmental Authority, (i) against any Company or any Affiliate thereof that has had, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) with respect to any Loan Document or (iii) with respect to any of the other Transactions;
 
 
78
 
 
(c)        any development that has resulted, or could reasonably be expected to result, in a Material Adverse Effect;
 
(d)        the occurrence of a Casualty Event in excess of $2,000,000 (whether or not covered by insurance);
 
(e)        the occurrence of any ERISA Event that, alone or together with any other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in liability of Borrower and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount exceeding $2,000,000;
 
(f)        the receipt by any Company of any notice of any Environmental Claim or violation of or potential liability under, or knowledge by any Company that there exists a condition that has resulted, or could reasonably be expected to result, in an Environmental Claim or a violation of or liability under, any Environmental Law, except for Environmental Claims, violations and liabilities the consequence of which, in the aggregate, have not and could not be reasonably likely to subject the Companies collectively to liabilities exceeding $2,000,000; and
 
(g)        (i) the incurrence of any Lien (other than Permitted Collateral Liens) on, or claim asserted against, all or any substantial portion of the Collateral or (ii) the occurrence of any other event which could reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the value of the Collateral.
 
.  (a)  Do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and all rights and franchises, licenses and permits material to the conduct of its business, except as otherwise expressly permitted under or .
Section 5.03      
Existence; Businesses and Properties
Section 6.05
Section 6.06
 
(b)        Do or cause to be done all things necessary to maintain or cause to be maintained in good repair, working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, all properties material to the conduct of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and from time to time will make or cause to be made all appropriate repairs, renewals and replacements thereof necessary in order that the business carried on in connection therewith may be properly conducted at all times; provided that nothing in this Section 5.03(b) shall prevent any abandonment or other disposition of property or assets permitted to be made pursuant to Section 6.06.
 
.  (a)  Maintain such insurance, to such extent and against such risks as is customary with companies in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations or as is otherwise deemed prudent by the Borrower in the exercise of its reasonable business judgment, including (i) physical hazard insurance on an all risk basis, (ii) commercial general liability against claims for bodily injury, death or property damage covering any and all insurable claims, (iii) business interruption insurance, (v) workers compensation insurance and such other insurance as may be required by any Legal Requirement and (vi) such other insurance against risks (including key-man life insurance) as the Administrative Agent may from time to time require (in each case, such policies to be in such form and amounts and having such coverage as may be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent); provided that with respect to physical hazard insurance, (x) neither the Collateral Agent nor the applicable Company shall agree to the adjustment of any claim thereunder without the consent of the other (such consent not to be unreasonably conditioned, withheld or delayed), and (y) no consent of any Company shall be required during an Event of Default.
Section 5.04      
Insurance
 
(b)        Notify the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent immediately whenever any separate insurance concurrent in form or contributing in the event of loss with that required to be maintained under this is taken out by any Company; and promptly (and, in any event, within five Business Days) deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent a duplicate original copy of such policy or policies.
Section 5.04
 
 
79
 
 
(c)        With respect to each Mortgaged Property, obtain flood insurance in such total amount as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may from time to time reasonably require, if at any time the area in which any improvements located on any Mortgaged Property is designated a flood hazard area in any Flood Insurance Rate Map published by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency), and otherwise comply with the National Flood Insurance Program as set forth in the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973.
 
(d)        No Loan Party that is an owner of any Mortgaged Property shall take any action that is reasonably likely to be the basis for termination, revocation or denial of any insurance coverage required to be maintained under such Loan Partys respective Mortgage or that could reasonably be the basis for a defense to any claim under any Insurance Policy maintained in respect of the Premises, and each Loan Party shall otherwise comply in all material respects with all Insurance Requirements in respect of the Premises; provided, however, that each Loan Party may, at its own expense and after written notice to the Administrative Agent, (i) contest the applicability or enforceability of any such Insurance Requirements by appropriate legal proceedings, the prosecution of which does not constitute a basis for cancellation or revocation of any insurance coverage required under this or (ii) cause the Insurance Policy containing any such Insurance Requirement to be replaced by a new policy complying with the provisions of this .
Section 5.04
Section 5.04
 
.  (a)  Pay its Indebtedness and other material obligations promptly and in accordance with their terms and pay and discharge promptly when due all material Taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies imposed upon it or upon its income or profits or in respect of its property, before the same shall become delinquent or in default, as well as all lawful claims for labor, services, materials and supplies or otherwise that, if unpaid, might give rise to a Lien other than a Permitted Lien upon such properties or any part thereof; that such payment and discharge shall not be required with respect to any such Tax, assessment, charge, levy or claim so long as (i) the validity or amount thereof shall be contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings timely instituted and diligently conducted and the applicable Company shall have set aside on its books adequate reserves or other appropriate provisions with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP, and (ii) such contest operates to suspend collection of the contested obligation, Tax, assessment or charge and enforcement of a Lien other than a Permitted Lien.
Section 5.05      
Obligations and Taxes
provided
 
.  (a)  Comply in all material respects with all applicable Legal Requirements, including the applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code with respect to all Employee Benefit Plans and (b) furnish to the Administrative Agent (x) as soon as possible after, and in any event within five Business Days after any Responsible Officer of any Company or any ERISA Affiliate of any Company knows or has reason to know that, any ERISA Event or other event with respect to an Employee Benefit Plan has occurred that, alone or together with any other ERISA Event could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Companies or any of their ERISA Affiliates in an aggregate amount exceeding $1,000,000 or the imposition of a Lien, a statement of a Financial Officer of Borrower setting forth details as to such ERISA Event and the action, if any, that the Companies propose to take with respect thereto, and (y) upon request by the Administrative Agent, copies of (i) annual report (Form 5500 Series) filed by any Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates with the Employee Benefits Security Administration with respect to each Employee Benefit Plan; (ii) the most recent actuarial valuation report for each Pension Plan; (iii) all notices received by any Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates from a Multiemployer Plan sponsor or any governmental agency concerning an ERISA Event; and (iv) such other information, documents or governmental reports or filings relating to any Employee Benefit Plan as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request.
Section 5.06      
Employee Benefits
 
 
80
 
 
.  (a)  Keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP and all Legal Requirements are made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities.  Each Company will permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or any Lender (i) to visit and inspect the financial records and the property of such Company upon reasonable prior notice and at reasonable times (such visits and inspections to be limited to one visit and inspection coordinated by the Administrative Agent per fiscal year so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), and (ii) to make extracts from and copies of such financial records, and permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default, any Lender to discuss the affairs, finances, accounts and condition of any Company with the officers and employees thereof and advisors therefor (including independent accountants) in the presence of representatives of such Company.
Section 5.07      
Maintaining Records; Access to Properties and Inspections; Annual Meetings
 
(b)        Borrower shall, or shall cause Holdings to, permit each Lender and the Administrative Agent to attend the annual general stockholders meeting of Holdings.
 
.  Use the proceeds of the Loans only for the purposes set forth in Section 3.12 and request the issuance of Letters of Credit only to support obligations of the Borrower or its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries and (ii) in the case of Existing Letters of Credit, for the purposes set forth in the documentation governing such Existing Letters of Credit.
Section 5.08      
Use of Proceeds
 
.  (a) Comply, and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause all lessees and other persons occupying its properties to comply, in all material respects with all Environmental Laws applicable to its operations and properties; obtain and renew all material environmental permits necessary for its operations and properties; and conduct any remedial action in accordance with Environmental Laws; , , that none of the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall be required to undertake any remedial action required by Environmental Laws to the extent that its obligation to do so is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and appropriate reserves are being maintained with respect to such circumstances in accordance with GAAP.
Section 5.09      
Compliance with Environmental Laws; Environmental Reports
provided
however
 
.  (a)  Subject to this , with respect to any property acquired after the Closing Date by any Loan Party that is intended to be subject to the Lien created by any of the Security Documents but is not so subject (but, in any event, excluding any Equity Interest of a Foreign Subsidiary not required to be pledged pursuant to the last sentence of ), promptly (and in any event within 15 Business Days after the acquisition thereof, unless extended by the Administrative Agent in writing in its sole discretion) (i) execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent such amendments or supplements to the relevant Security Documents or such other documents as the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent shall deem necessary or advisable to grant to the Collateral Agent, for its benefit and for the benefit of the other Secured Parties, a Lien on such property subject to no Liens other than Permitted Collateral Liens, (ii) if requested by the Administrative Agent, deliver opinions of counsel to Borrower in form and substance, and from counsel, reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, and (iii) take all actions necessary to cause such Lien to be duly perfected to the extent required by such Security Documents in accordance with all applicable Legal Requirements, including the filing of financing statements in such jurisdictions as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Loan Parties shall not have any obligation to perfect Liens on the Intellectual Property constituting Collateral in any jurisdiction other than in the United States.  Borrower and the other Loan Parties shall otherwise take such actions and execute and/or deliver to the Collateral Agent such documents as the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent shall require to confirm the validity, perfection and priority of the Lien of the Security Documents against such after-acquired properties.
Section 5.10      
Additional Collateral; Additional Guarantors
Section 5.10
Section 5.10(b)
 
 
81
 
 
(b)        With respect to any person that is or becomes a Subsidiary of a Loan Party after the Closing Date, promptly (and in any event within 30 days after such person becomes a Subsidiary, unless extended by the Administrative Agent in writing in its sole discretion) (i) deliver to the Collateral Agent the certificates, if any, representing all of the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary, together with undated stock powers or other appropriate instruments of transfer executed and delivered in blank by a duly authorized officer of the holder(s) of such Equity Interests, and all intercompany notes owing from such Subsidiary to any Loan Party together with instruments of transfer executed and delivered in blank by a duly authorized officer of such Loan Party and (ii) cause such new Subsidiary (A) to execute a Joinder Agreement to become a Subsidiary Guarantor or, in the case of a Foreign Subsidiary, execute a security document compatible with the laws of such Foreign Subsidiarys jurisdiction (and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent) to cause such Subsidiary to become a Subsidiary Guarantor and a Pledgor, (B) deliver opinions of counsel to Borrower in form and substance, and from counsel, reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and (C) to take all actions necessary or advisable in the opinion of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to cause the Lien created by the applicable Security Document to be duly perfected to the extent required by such Security Document in accordance with all applicable Legal Requirements, including the filing of financing statements (or equivalent registrations) in such jurisdictions as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, (1) the Equity Interests required to be delivered to the Collateral Agent pursuant to clause (i) of the preceding sentence shall not include any Equity Interests of a Foreign Subsidiary that is a controlled foreign corporation (within the meaning of Section 957(a) of the Code) and (2) no Foreign Subsidiary that is a controlled foreign corporation (within the meaning of Section 957(a) of the Code) shall be required to take the actions specified in clause (ii) of the preceding sentence, that the exception contained in clause (1) shall not apply to (A) Voting Stock of any Subsidiary which is a first-tier controlled foreign corporation (within the meaning of Section 957(a) of the Code) representing 66% of the total voting power of all outstanding Voting Stock of such Subsidiary and (B) 100% of the Equity Interests not constituting Voting Stock of any such Subsidiary, except that any such Equity Interests constituting stock entitled to vote within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.956-2(c)(2) shall be treated as Voting Stock for purposes of this .
provided
Section 5.10(b)
 
(c)        With respect to any person that is or becomes a Subsidiary of a Loan Party after the Closing Date, promptly (and in any event within 10 Business Days after such person becomes a Subsidiary), unless extended by the Administrative Agent in writing in its sole discretion) execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent (i) a counterpart to the Intercompany Note and (ii) if such Subsidiary is a Loan Party, an endorsement to the Intercompany Note (undated and endorsed in blank) in the form attached thereto, endorsed by such Subsidiary.
 
(d)        (i)        Within 60 days after the Mortgage Trigger Date, deliver the following with respect to each parcel of Real Property owned by such Loan Party on the Mortgage Trigger Date:
 
 (A)        Mortgages on each such parcel of fee-owned Real Property in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, duly executed and acknowledged by each Loan Party that is the owner of or holder of any leasehold interest in such Mortgaged Property, and otherwise in form for recording or filing in the recording or filing office of each applicable governmental subdivision where each such Mortgaged Property is situated, together with such certificates, affidavits, questionnaires or returns as shall be required in connection with the recording or filing thereof to create a lien under applicable Legal Requirements, and such financing statements and any other instruments necessary to grant a mortgage Lien under the laws of any applicable jurisdiction, all of which shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent;
 
82
 
 
(B)        with respect to each such Mortgaged Property, such consents, approvals, amendments, supplements, estoppels, tenant subordination agreements or other instruments as shall reasonably be deemed necessary by the Collateral Agent in order for the owner or holder of the fee interest constituting such Mortgaged Property to grant the Lien contemplated by the Mortgage with respect to such Mortgaged Property;
 
(C)        with respect to each Mortgage, a policy of title insurance (or marked up title insurance commitment having the effect of a policy of title insurance) insuring the Lien of such Mortgage as a valid first mortgage Lien on the Mortgaged Property and fixtures described therein in the amount equal to not less than 120% of the Fair Market Value of such Mortgaged Property and fixtures (with the Fair Market Value to be mutually agreed upon by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), which policy (or such marked-up commitment) (each, a ) shall (A) be issued by the Title Company, (B) to the extent necessary, include such reinsurance arrangements (with provisions for direct access, if necessary) as shall be acceptable to the Collateral Agent, (C) contain a tie-in or cluster endorsement, if available under applicable Legal Requirements (i.e., policies which insure against losses regardless of location or allocated value of the insured property up to a stated maximum coverage amount), (D) have been supplemented by such endorsements (or where such endorsements are not available, opinions of special counsel, architects or other professionals reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent) as shall be reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent (including endorsements on matters relating to usury, first loss, last dollar, zoning, contiguity, revolving credit, doing business, non-imputation, public road access, survey, variable rate, environmental lien, subdivision, separate tax lot, revolving credit, and so-called comprehensive coverage over covenants and restrictions), and (E) contain no exceptions to title other than exceptions reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent;
Title Policy
 
(D)        with respect to each Mortgaged Property, such affidavits, certificates, information (including financial data) and instruments of indemnification (including a so-called gap indemnification) as shall be required to induce the Title Company to issue the Title Policy/ies and endorsements contemplated above;
 
(E)        evidence reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent of payment by Borrower of all Title Policy premiums, search and examination charges, escrow charges and related charges, mortgage recording taxes, fees, charges, costs and expenses required for the recording of the Mortgages and issuance of the Title Policies referred to above;
 
(F)        with respect to each Mortgaged Property, copies of all Leases in which any Loan Party holds the lessors interest or other agreements relating to possessory interests, if any.  To the extent any of the foregoing affect any Mortgaged Property, such agreement shall be subordinate to the Lien of the Mortgage to be recorded against such Mortgaged Property, either expressly by its terms or pursuant to a subordination, non-disturbance and attornment agreement, and shall otherwise be reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent;
 
(G)        evidence, with respect to each Mortgaged Property, that each Loan Party shall have made all notifications, registrations and filings, to the extent required by, and in accordance with, all Governmental Real Property Disclosure Requirements applicable to such Real Property or Mortgaged Property;
 
 
83
 
 
(H)        Surveys with respect to each Mortgaged Property;
 
(I)        with respect to each Mortgaged Property, an environmental assessment prepared by any environmental consultant and in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent; and
 
(J)        with respect to each Mortgaged Property, an opinion of local counsel admitted to practice in the jurisdiction in which such Mortgaged Property is located, reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Collateral Agent, as to the validity and effectiveness of such Mortgage as a lien on such Real Property encumbered thereby.
 
(ii)       After the Mortgage Trigger Date, promptly (and in any event within 10 Business Days of the acquisition thereof) deliver the items described in with respect to (A) each parcel of owned Real Property that is acquired by such Loan Party after the Mortgage Trigger Date.
Section 5.10(d)(i)
 
(iii)      The Mortgages delivered pursuant to clauses (i) or (ii) of this shall be duly recorded or filed in such manner and in such places as are required by applicable Legal Requirements to establish, perfect, preserve and protect the Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent required to be granted pursuant to such Mortgages and all taxes, fees and other charges payable in connection therewith shall be paid in full.
Section 5.10(d)
 
.  (a)  Promptly, upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender, at the Companies expense, execute, acknowledge and deliver, or cause the execution, acknowledgment and delivery of, and thereafter register, file or record, or cause to be registered, filed or recorded, in an appropriate governmental office, any document or instrument supplemental to or confirmatory of the Security Documents or otherwise deemed by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent reasonably necessary or desirable for the continued validity, enforceability, perfection and priority of the Liens on the Collateral covered thereby subject to no other Liens except Permitted Liens, or obtain any consents or waivers as may be necessary or appropriate in connection therewith.
Section 5.11      
Security Interests; Further Assurances
 
(b)        Deliver or cause to be delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent from time to time such other documentation, instruments, consents, authorizations, approvals and Orders in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent as the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall reasonably deem necessary or advisable to perfect or maintain the validity, enforceability, perfection and priority of the Liens on the Collateral pursuant to the Security Documents.
 
.  (a)  Concurrently with the delivery of financial statements pursuant to Section 5.01(a), deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent a Perfection Certificate Supplement.
Section 5.12      
Information Regarding Collateral
 
.  Satisfy in all material respects, customary corporate, limited liability company or other like formalities, including the accurate maintenance of separate organizational and business records.
Section 5.13      
Maintenance of Corporate Separateness
 
.
Section 5.14      
Post-Closing Agreements
 
(a)        Execute and deliver Control Agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent with respect to each deposit account listed on Schedule 16(a) of the Perfection Certificate within 30 days of the Closing Date.
 
(b)        Execute and deliver a Landlord Access Agreement for the location set forth on Schedule 4.01(n)(vi) within two Business Days of the Closing Date.
 
 
84
 
 
 
Each Loan Party warrants, covenants and agrees with the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing Bank and each Lender that, so long as this Agreement shall remain in effect and until the Commitments have been terminated and the principal of and interest and premium (if any) on each Loan, all Fees and all other expenses or amounts payable under any Loan Document have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit have been canceled or have expired or have been Cash Collateralized and all amounts drawn thereunder have been reimbursed in full, no Loan Party will, nor will they cause or permit any Subsidiaries to:
 
.  Incur, create, assume or permit to exist, directly or indirectly, any Indebtedness, except:
Section 6.01      
Indebtedness
 
(a)        Indebtedness incurred under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents;
 
(b)        Indebtedness outstanding on the Closing Date and listed on ;
Schedule 6.01(b)
 
(c)        Indebtedness under Hedging Obligations under Permitted Hedging Agreements, in each case entered into in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes or taking a market view; that if such Hedging Obligations relate to interest rates, (i) such Hedging Obligations relate to payment obligations on Indebtedness otherwise permitted to be incurred by the Loan Documents and (ii) the notional principal amount of such Hedging Obligations at the time incurred does not exceed the principal amount of the Indebtedness to which such Hedging Obligations relate;
provided
 
(d)        Indebtedness permitted by ;
Section 6.04
 
(e)        Indebtedness of Borrower and its Subsidiaries in respect of Purchase Money Obligations and Capital Lease Obligations in an aggregate amount not to exceed $15,000,000 at any time outstanding; , , that, in the case of Purchase Money Obligations, (i) such Indebtedness is incurred within 90 days after such acquisition, installation, construction or improvement of such fixed or capital assets (including Equity Interests of any person owning the applicable fixed or capital assets) by such person and (ii) the amount of such Indebtedness does not exceed 100% of the cost of such acquisition, installation, construction or improvement, as the case may be;
provided
however
 
(f)        Indebtedness in respect of workers compensation claims, self-insurance obligations, bankers acceptances and bid, performance or surety bonds issued for the account of any Company in the ordinary course of business, including guarantees or obligations of any Company with respect to letters of credit supporting such workers compensation claims, self-insurance obligations, bankers acceptances and bid, performance or surety obligations (in each case other than for an obligation for money borrowed);
 
 
(g)        Contingent Obligations of any Company in respect of Indebtedness otherwise permitted under this (other than );
Section 6.01
Section 6.01(i)
 
(h)        Indebtedness arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial institution of a check, draft or similar instrument inadvertently (except in the case of daylight overdrafts) drawn against insufficient funds in the ordinary course of business; , , that such Indebtedness is extinguished within five Business Days of incurrence;
provided
however
 
(i)        Indebtedness arising in connection with endorsement of instruments for deposit in the ordinary course of business;
 
(j)        unsecured Indebtedness of any Company in an aggregate principal amount for all Companies not to exceed $15,000,000 at any time outstanding; that no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time such unsecured Indebtedness is incurred or would result from the incurrence thereof;
provided
 
(k)        Indebtedness which represents a refinancing or renewal of any of the Indebtedness described in , and ; that (A) any such refinancing Indebtedness is in an aggregate principal amount (or aggregate amount, as applicable) not greater than the aggregate principal amount (or aggregate amount, as applicable) of the Indebtedness being renewed or refinanced, the amount of any reasonable premiums required to be paid thereon and reasonable fees and expenses associated therewith, (B) such refinancing Indebtedness has a later or equal final maturity and longer or equal weighted average life to maturity than the Indebtedness being renewed or refinanced, (C) the covenants, events of default and subordination (including lien subordination) provisions thereof shall be, in the aggregate, no less favorable to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders than those contained in the Indebtedness being renewed or refinanced, and (D) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom;
clauses (b)
(c)
(e)
provided
plus
 
(l)        Indebtedness arising from agreements of Borrower or a Subsidiary providing for indemnification, adjustment or purchase price or similar obligations, in each case, incurred or assumed in connection with any acquisition of any business, assets or Subsidiary permitted pursuant to , other than guarantees of Indebtedness incurred by any person acquiring all or any portion of such business, assets or a Subsidiary for the purpose of financing such acquisition; and
Section 6.07
 
(m)        Indebtedness owed to any Person providing property, casualty, liability, or other insurance to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is incurred in the ordinary course of business, so long as the amount of such Indebtedness is not in excess of the amount of the unpaid cost of, and shall be incurred only to defer the cost of, such insurance for the period in which such Indebtedness is incurred and such Indebtedness is outstanding only during the period covered by such insurance.
 
.  Create, incur, assume or permit to exist, directly or indirectly, any Lien on any property now owned or hereafter acquired by it or on any income or revenues or rights in respect of any thereof, except the following (collectively, the ):
Section 6.02      
Liens
Permitted Liens
 
(a)        inchoate Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or levies not yet due and payable or delinquent and Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or levies, which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings promptly initiated and diligently conducted for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, which proceedings (or Orders entered in connection with such proceedings) have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the property subject to any such Lien, and (i) which do not in the aggregate materially detract from the value of the property of the Companies, taken as a whole, or the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, and do not materially impair the use thereof in the operation of the business of the Companies, taken as a whole, or the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, and (ii) which, if they secure obligations that are then due and unpaid, are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings promptly initiated and diligently conducted for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, which proceedings (or Orders entered in connection with such proceedings) have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the property subject to any such Lien;
 
 
85
 
 
(b)        Liens in respect of property of any Company imposed by law, which were incurred in the ordinary course of business and do not secure Indebtedness for borrowed money, such as carriers, warehousemens, materialmens, landlords, workmens, suppliers, repairmens and mechanics Liens and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business;
 
(c)        any Lien in existence on the Closing Date and set forth on and any Lien granted as a replacement or substitute therefor; that any such replacement or substitute Lien (i) except as permitted by , does not secure an aggregate amount of Indebtedness or other obligations, if any, greater than that secured on the Closing Date ( the aggregate amount of any permanent repayments and prepayments thereof since the Closing Date but only to the extent that such repayments and prepayments by their terms cannot be reborrowed or redrawn and do not occur in connection with a refinancing of all or a portion of such Indebtedness) and (ii) does not encumber any property other than the property subject thereto on the Closing Date (any such Lien, an );
Schedule 6.02(c)
provided
Section 6.01(k)(A)
minus
Existing Lien
 
(d)        easements, rights-of-way, restrictions (including zoning restrictions), covenants, licenses, encroachments, protrusions, servitudes and other similar charges or encumbrances, and minor title deficiencies, in each case, on or with respect to any Real Property, whether now or hereafter in existence, not (i) securing Indebtedness, (ii) in the aggregate materially impairing the value of such Real Property or (iii) in the aggregate materially interfering with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Companies at or otherwise with respect to such Real Property;
 
(e)        Liens arising out of judgments, attachments or awards not resulting in a Default and in respect of which such Company shall in good faith be diligently prosecuting an appeal or proceedings for review in respect of which there shall be secured a subsisting stay of execution pending such appeal or proceedings;
 
(f)        Liens (other than any Lien imposed by ERISA) (x) imposed by law or deposits made in connection therewith in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other types of social security legislation, (y) incurred in the ordinary course of business to secure the performance of tenders, statutory obligations (other than excise taxes), surety, stay, customs and appeal bonds, statutory bonds, bids, leases, government contracts, trade contracts, performance and return of money bonds and other similar obligations (in each case, exclusive of obligations for the payment of Indebtedness) or (z) arising by virtue of deposits made in the ordinary course of business to secure liability for premiums to insurance carriers; that (i) with respect to clauses (x), (y) and (z) of this , such Liens are for amounts not yet due and payable or delinquent or, to the extent such amounts are so due and payable, such amounts are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, which proceedings (or Orders entered in connection with such proceedings) have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the property subject to any such Lien, and (ii) to the extent such Liens are not imposed by Legal Requirements, such Liens shall in no event encumber any property other than cash and Cash Equivalents;
provided
Section 6.02(f)
 
(g)        Leases of the properties of any Company, in each case entered into in the ordinary course of such Companys business so long as such Leases do not, individually or in the aggregate, (i) interfere in any material respect with the ordinary conduct of the business of any Company or (ii) materially impair the use (for its intended purposes) or the value of the property subject thereto;
 
 
86
 
 
(h)        Liens arising out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for the sale of goods entered into by any Company in the ordinary course of business in accordance with the past practices of such Company;
 
(i)         Liens securing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to , that (i) any such Liens attach only to the property being financed pursuant to such Indebtedness, (ii) do not encumber any other property of any Company and (iii) the principal amount of the Indebtedness secured by any such Lien shall not exceed the lesser of 80% of the Fair Market Value or the cost of the property secured by such Lien;
Section 6.01(e)
provided
 
(j)         bankers Liens, rights of setoff and other similar Liens existing solely with respect to cash and Cash Equivalents on deposit in one or more accounts maintained by any Company, in each case granted in the ordinary course of business in favor of the bank or banks with which such accounts are maintained, securing amounts owing to such bank with respect to cash management and operating account arrangements, including those involving pooled accounts and netting arrangements; that, unless such Liens are non-consensual and arise by operation of applicable Legal Requirements, in no case shall any such Liens secure (either directly or indirectly) the repayment of any Indebtedness;
provided
 
(k)        Liens on property existing at the time such property is acquired by any Company to the extent permitted hereunder and Liens on property of a person existing at the time such person is acquired or merged with or into or consolidated with any Company to the extent permitted hereunder; that such Liens (i) do not extend to property not subject to such Liens at the time of such acquisition, merger or consolidation (other than improvements thereon), and (ii) are not created in anticipation or contemplation of such acquisition, merger or consolidation and do not attach to any other assets or property of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries;
provided
 
(l)         Liens granted pursuant to the Security Documents to secure the Secured Obligations;
 
(m)        licenses of Intellectual Property granted by any Company in the ordinary course of business and not interfering in any material respect with the ordinary conduct of business of the Companies;
 
(n)        the filing of UCC financing statements solely as a precautionary measure in connection with operating leases or consignment of goods;
 
(o)        Liens of a collecting bank arising in the ordinary course of business under Section 4 208 of the UCC covering only the items being collected upon;
 
(p)        Liens granted by a Company in favor of a Loan Party in respect of Indebtedness owed by such Company to such Loan Party; provided that such Indebtedness is (i) evidenced by the Intercompany Note and (ii) pledged by such Loan Party as Collateral pursuant to the Security Documents;
 
(q)        Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business of Borrower or any Subsidiary of Borrower with respect to obligations that do not exceed $2,000,000 at any one time outstanding and which apply to property and/or assets with an aggregate fair market value not to exceed $2,000,000; that no Default or Event of Default exists and is continuing at the time such Lien is incurred or would result from the incurrence of such Lien;
provided
 
 
87
 
 
(r)        Liens on assets arising pursuant to merger agreements, stock or asset purchase agreements and similar agreements in respect of the Asset Sales permitted pursuant to ; provided that such Liens only attach to the assets subject to such Asset Sale; and
Section 6.06
 
(s)        Liens in the nature of the right of setoff in favor of counterparties to contractual agreements with Borrower or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business.
 
.  Enter into any arrangement, directly or indirectly, with any person whereby it shall sell or transfer any property used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such property or other property which it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property being sold or transferred (a ), except for any Sale and Leaseback Transaction on any fixed or capital assets by the Borrower or any Subsidiary that is (i) permitted by , (ii) made for cash consideration in an amount not less than the Fair Market Value of such fixed or capital asset and (iii) consummated within 360 days after the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable, acquires or completes the construction of such fixed or capital asset; provided that, if such Sale and Leaseback Transaction results in a Capital Lease Obligation, such Capital Lease Obligation is permitted by Section 6.01 and any Lien made the subject of such Capital Lease Obligation is permitted by Section 6.02.
Section 6.03      
Sale and Leaseback Transactions
Sale and Leaseback Transaction
Section 6.06
 
.  Directly or indirectly, lend money or credit (by way of guarantee, assumption of debt or otherwise) or make advances to any person, or purchase or acquire any stock, bonds, notes, debentures or other obligations or securities of, or any other interest in, or make any capital contribution to, any other person, or purchase or own a futures contract or otherwise become liable for the purchase or sale of currency or other commodities at a future date in the nature of a futures contract (all of the foregoing, collectively, ), except that the following shall be permitted:
Section 6.04      
Investments, Loans and Advances
Investments
 
(a)        the Companies may consummate the Transactions;
 
(b)        Investments outstanding on the Closing Date and identified on ;
Schedule 6.04(b)
 
(c)        the Companies may (i) acquire and hold accounts receivables owing to any of them if created or acquired in the ordinary course of business and payable or dischargeable in accordance with customary terms, (ii) invest in, acquire and hold cash and Cash Equivalents, (iii) endorse negotiable instruments held for collection in the ordinary course of business or (iv) make lease, utility and other similar deposits in the ordinary course of business;
 
(d)        Hedging Obligations permitted pursuant to ;
Section 6.01(c)
 
(e)        loans and advances to directors, employees and officers of Borrower and the Subsidiaries for business purposes, in aggregate amount not to exceed $500,000at any time outstanding (calculated without regard to write-downs or write-offs thereof); that, no loans in violation of Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act shall be permitted hereunder;
bona fide
 
provided
 
(f)        Investments by (i) Borrower in any Subsidiary Guarantor, and (ii) any Company in Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor; that any Investment in the form of a loan or advance shall be evidenced by the Intercompany Note and, in the case of a loan or advance by a Loan Party, pledged by such Loan Party as Collateral pursuant to the Security Documents;
provided
 
 
88
 
 
(g)        Investments in securities of trade creditors or customers in the ordinary course of business and consistent with such Companys past practices that are received in settlement of bona fide disputes or pursuant to any plan of reorganization or liquidation or similar arrangement upon the bankruptcy or insolvency of such trade creditors or customers;
 
(h)        mergers and consolidations in compliance with ;
Section 6.05
 
(i)         Investments made by Borrower or any Subsidiary as a result of consideration received in connection with an Asset Sale made in compliance with ;
Section 6.06
 
(j)         Acquisitions of property in compliance with (other than );
Section 6.07
Section 6.07(a)
 
(k)        Dividends in compliance with ;
Section 6.08
 
(l)         other Investments in an aggregate amount not to exceed $20,000,000 on the date such Investments are made; that no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time such Investments are made or would result from the making of such Investments; and
provided
 
(m)        unsecured intercompany loans, by any Company to Holdings evidenced by the Intercompany Note for purposes and in amounts that would otherwise be permitted to be made as Dividends to Holdings pursuant to ; that the principal amount of any such loans shall reduce Dollar-for-Dollar the amounts that would otherwise be permitted to be paid for such purpose in the form of Dividends pursuant to such Section.
Sections 6.08(b)-(d)
provided
 
.  Wind up, liquidate or dissolve its affairs or enter into any transaction of merger or consolidation (or agree to do any of the foregoing at any time), except that the following shall be permitted:
Section 6.05      
Mergers and Consolidations
 
(a)        dispositions of assets in compliance with (other than and );
Section 6.06
Section 6.06(d)
Section 6.06(e)
 
(b)        Permitted Acquisitions;
 
(c)        any solvent Company (other than Borrower) may merge or consolidate with or into Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor (as long as Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor is the surviving person in such merger or consolidation and, in the case of any Subsidiary Guarantor, remains a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of Borrower); that the Lien on and security interest in such property granted or to be granted in favor of the Collateral Agent under the Security Documents shall be maintained or created in accordance with the provisions of or , as applicable; and
provided
Section 5.10
Section 5.11
 
(d)        any Subsidiary may dissolve, liquidate or wind up its affairs at any time if such dissolution, liquidation or winding up is not disadvantageous to any Agent or Lender in any material respect.
 
 
89
 
 
To the extent the requisite Lenders under waive the provisions of this with respect to the sale of any Collateral, or any Collateral is sold as permitted by this , such Collateral (unless sold to a Company or any Affiliate thereof), but not the proceeds thereof, shall be sold free and clear of the Liens created by the Security Documents, and, so long as Borrower shall have previously provided to the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent such certifications or documents as the Collateral Agent and/or the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request in order to demonstrate compliance with this , the Collateral Agent shall take all actions it deems appropriate in order to effect the foregoing.
Section 10.02(b)
Section 6.05
Section 6.05
Section 6.05
 
.  Effect any Asset Sale, or agree to effect any disposition of any property, except that the following shall be permitted:
Section 6.06      
Asset Sales
 
(a)        dispositions of obsolete property by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business and the abandonment or other disposition of Intellectual Property that is, in the reasonable good faith judgment of Borrower, no longer economically practicable to maintain or useful in the conduct of the business of the Companies taken as a whole;
 
(b)        other dispositions of property; that (i) the aggregate consideration received in respect of all dispositions of property pursuant to this clause (b) shall not exceed $50,000,000during the term of this Agreement, (ii) such dispositions of property are made for Fair Market Value and on an arms-length commercial basis, (iii) at least 80% of the consideration payable in respect of such disposition of property is in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents, and (iv) the Borrower uses the proceeds of the disposition to prepay the Loans as and to the extent required by ;
provided
 
Section 2.10(c)
 
(c)        leases of real or personal property in the ordinary course of business and in accordance with the applicable Security Documents;
 
(d)        Investments in compliance with ;
Section 6.04
 
(e)        mergers and consolidations in compliance with ;
Section 6.05
 
(f)         Dividends in compliance with ;
Section 6.08
 
(g)        sales of inventory in the ordinary course of business and dispositions of cash and Cash Equivalents in the ordinary course of business;
 
(h)        any disposition of property that constitutes a Casualty Event;
 
(i)         any disposition of property by any Subsidiary of Borrower to Borrower or any of its  Wholly Owned Subsidiaries; that if the transferor of such property is a Subsidiary Guarantor, the transferee thereof must be Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor;
provided
 
(j)         dispositions of Investments or receivables in connection with the compromise, settlement or collection thereof in the ordinary course of business or in bankruptcy or similar proceedings and exclusive of factoring or similar arrangements; and
 
(k)        the licensing or sublicensing of intellectual property or other general intangibles and licenses, sublicenses, leases or subleases of other property in the ordinary course of business which do not materially interfere with the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
 
 
90
 
 
To the extent the requisite Lenders under waive the provisions of this , with respect to the sale of any Collateral, or any Collateral is sold as permitted by this , such Collateral (unless sold to a Company or any Affiliate thereof), but not the proceeds thereof, shall be sold free and clear of the Liens created by the Security Documents, and, so long as Borrower shall have previously provided to the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent such certifications or documents as the Collateral Agent and/or the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request in order to demonstrate compliance with this , the Collateral Agent shall take all actions it deems appropriate in order to effect the foregoing.
Section 10.02(b)
Section 6.06
Section 6.06
Section 6.06
 
.  Purchase or otherwise acquire (in one or a series of related transactions) any part of the property of any person (or agree to do any of the foregoing at any time), except that the following shall be permitted:
Section 6.07      
Acquisitions
 
(a)        Investments in compliance with ;
Section 6.04
 
(b)        Capital Expenditures by Borrower and the Subsidiaries shall be permitted to the extent permitted by ;
Section 6.10(c)
 
(c)        purchases and other acquisitions of inventory, materials, equipment and intangible property in the ordinary course of business;
 
(d)        leases or licenses of real or personal property in the ordinary course of business and in accordance with this Agreement and the applicable Security Documents;
 
(e)        Permitted Acquisitions;
 
(f)        acquisitions of leased property or franchised restaurants so long as the Acquisition Consideration in respect of such acquisitions does not exceed $5,000,000 in the aggregate in any fiscal year;
 
(g)        mergers and consolidations in compliance with ; and
Section 6.05
 
(h)        Dividends in compliance with .
Section 6.08
 
that the Lien on and security interest in such property granted or to be granted in favor of the Collateral Agent under the Security Documents shall be maintained or created in accordance with the provisions of or , as applicable.
provided
Section 5.10
Section 5.11
 
.  Authorize, declare or pay, directly or indirectly, any Dividends with respect to any Company (including pursuant to any Synthetic Purchase Agreement) or incur any obligation (contingent or otherwise) to do so, except that the following shall be permitted:
Section 6.08      
Dividends
 
(a)        the Closing Date Dividend;
 
(b)        Dividends by any Company that is a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of Borrower to Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor that is a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of Borrower;
 
(c)        payments to Holdings to permit Holdings, and the substantially concurrent use of such payments by Holdings, to repurchase or redeem Qualified Capital Stock of Holdings held by officers, directors or employees or former officers, directors or employees (or their transferees, estates or beneficiaries under their estates) of any Company, upon their death, disability, retirement, severance or termination of employment or service; that the aggregate amount of payments to Holdings shall not exceed, in any period of 12 consecutive months, $500,000 and, in the aggregate, $1,000,000;
provided
 
 
91
 
 
(d)        (i) to the extent actually used substantially concurrently by Holdings to pay such taxes, costs and expenses, payments by Borrower to or on behalf of Holdings in an amount sufficient to pay franchise taxes and other fees required to maintain the legal existence of Holdings and (ii) payments by Borrower to or on behalf of Holdings in an amount sufficient to pay out-of-pocket legal, accounting and filing costs and other expenses in the nature of overhead in the ordinary course of business of Holdings, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii) in an aggregate amount not to exceed $1,000,000 in any period of 12 consecutive months;
 
(e)        Permitted Tax Distributions by Borrower to Holdings, so long as Holdings uses such distributions substantially concurrently to pay its taxes;
 
(f)        cash Dividends to Holdings in an aggregate amount not to exceed $10,000,000 in any fiscal year; that such Dividends shall only be permitted if (i) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, (ii) the Borrower will be in pro forma compliance with the financial covenant set forth in as of the most recent Test Period after giving effect to such Dividend (assuming, for purposes of , that the maximum Total Leverage Ratio permitted in any Test Period pursuant to is the lower of (A) the maximum Total Leverage Ratio set forth in for such Test Period or (B) 3.00:1.00), and (iii) after giving effect to the payment of such Dividend on a pro forma basis, the aggregate amount of (A) all unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents of the Loan Parties and (B) undrawn and available portion of the Revolving Commitment shall be at least $10,000,000; and
provided
Section 6.10(a)
Section 6.10(a)
Section 6.10(a)
Section 6.10(a)
 
(g)        cash Dividends paid to Holdings with proceeds of Term Loans made to the Borrower as the result of an increase in the Term Loan Commitments pursuant to in an amount not to exceed $15,000,000, if after giving effect to the payment of such Dividend on a pro forma basis, the aggregate amount of (i) all unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents of the Loan Parties and (ii) undrawn and available portion of the Revolving Commitment shall be at least $10,000,000;
Section 2.19
 
that the amount of Dividends that may be made for a particular purpose pursuant to shall be reduced Dollar-for-Dollar by the amount of any such payments made for such purpose in the form of an intercompany loan by Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries to Holdings pursuant to .
provided
Sections 6.08(b)-(d)
Section 6.04(m)
 
.  Enter into, directly or indirectly, any transaction or series of related transactions, whether or not in the ordinary course of business, with any Affiliate of any Company (other than between or among Borrower and one or more Subsidiary Guarantors), other than on terms and conditions at least as favorable to such Company as would reasonably be obtained by such Company at that time in a comparable arms-length transaction with a person other than an Affiliate, except that the following shall be permitted:
Section 6.09      
Transactions with Affiliates
 
(a)        Dividends permitted by ;
Section 6.08
 
(b)        Investments permitted by ;
Section 6.04
 
(c)        reasonable and customary director, officer and employee compensation (including bonuses) and other benefits (including retirement, health, stock option and other benefit plans) and indemnification arrangements, in each case approved by the Board of Directors of the applicable Company;
 
 
92
 
 
(d)        the Transactions;
 
(e)        any issuance of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Capital Stock) of Borrower to Affiliates of Borrower; and
 
(f)        any transaction with suppliers or franchisees in the ordinary course of business that are on substantially similar terms to those contained in similar transactions by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with unaffiliated suppliers and franchisees consistent with past practice.
 
.
Section 6.10        
Financial Covenants
 
(a)        .  Permit the Total Leverage Ratio, as of the last day of any Test Period set forth in the table below, to exceed the ratio set forth opposite such Test Period in the table below:
Maximum Total Leverage Ratio
 
 
(b)        .  Permit the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, as of the last day of any Test Period set forth in the table below, to be less than the ratio set forth opposite such Test Period in the table below:
Minimum Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio
 
(c)        .  Permit the aggregate amount of Capital Expenditures made in any fiscal year to exceed $20,000,000.
Limitation on Capital Expenditures
 
.  Directly or indirectly:
Section 6.11      
Prepayments of Other Indebtedness; Modifications of Organizational Documents, Acquisition and Certain Other Documents, etc
 
(a)        (including pursuant to any Synthetic Purchase Agreement) make or offer to make (or give any notice in respect thereof) any voluntary or optional payment or prepayment on or redemption, retirement, defeasance, or acquisition for value of, or any prepayment or redemption as a result of any asset sale, change of control or similar event of, any Subordinated Indebtedness; or
 
(b)        terminate, amend, modify (including electing to treat any Pledged Interests (as defined in the Security Agreement) as a security under Section 8-103 of the UCC) or change any of its Organizational Documents (including by the filing or modification of any certificate of designation) or any agreement to which it is a party with respect to its Equity Interests (including any stockholders agreement), or enter into any new agreement with respect to its Equity Interests, other than any such amendments, modifications or changes or such new agreements which are not, and could not reasonably be expected to be, adverse in any material respect to the interests of any Agent or Lender.
 
.  Directly or indirectly, create or otherwise cause or suffer to exist or become effective any encumbrance, restriction or condition on the ability of any Subsidiary to (i) pay Dividends or make any other distributions on its Equity Interests or any other interest or participation in its profits owned by any Company, or pay any Indebtedness owed to any Company, (ii) make loans or advances to any Company or (iii) transfer any of its properties to any Company, except for such encumbrances, restrictions or conditions existing under or by reason of:
Section 6.12      
Limitation on Certain Restrictions on Subsidiaries
 
(a)        applicable Legal Requirements;
 
(b)        this Agreement and the other Loan Documents;
 
(c)        customary provisions restricting subletting or assignment of any lease governing a leasehold interest of a Subsidiary;
 
(d)        customary provisions restricting assignment of any agreement entered into by a Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business;
 
(e)        customary restrictions and conditions contained in any agreement relating to the sale or other disposition of any property pending the consummation of such sale; that (i) such restrictions and conditions apply only to the property to be sold, and (ii) such sale or other disposition is permitted hereunder; or
provided
 
 
94
 
 
(f)        agreements listed on and any amendments, restatements, modifications, renewals, supplements, refundings, replacements or refinancings of those agreements; provided that the amendments, restatements, modifications, renewals, supplements, refundings, replacements or refinancings are not materially more restrictive, taken as a whole, with respect to such dividend and other payment restrictions than those contained in those agreements on the Closing Date (as determined in good faith by Borrower).
Schedule 6.12
 
.  With respect to Borrower or any Subsidiary, issue any Equity Interest (including by way of sales of treasury stock) or any options or warrants to purchase, or securities convertible into, any Equity Interest, except (i) for stock splits, stock dividends and additional issuances of Equity Interests which do not decrease the percentage ownership of Borrower or any Subsidiaries in any class of the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary, (ii) Subsidiaries of Borrower formed or acquired after the Closing Date in accordance wit may issue Equity Interests to Borrower or the Wholly Owned Subsidiary of Borrower which is to own such Equity Interests, and (iii) Borrower may issue common stock that is Qualified Capital Stock to Holdings.  All Equity Interests issued in accordance with this shall, to the extent required b and or any Security Document, be delivered to the Collateral Agent for pledge pursuant to the applicable Security Document.
Section 6.13      
Limitation on Issuance of Capital Stock
h Section 6.14
Section 6.13(b)
y Sections 5.11
5.12
 
.  With respect to Borrower and its Subsidiaries, engage (directly or indirectly) in any businesses other than those businesses in which Borrower and its Subsidiaries are engaged on the Closing Date as described in the Confidential Information Memorandum (or which are substantially related thereto or are reasonable extensions thereof).
Section 6.14      
Business
 
.  Make or permit, any material change in accounting policies or reporting practices, without the consent of the Required Lenders, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, except changes that are required by GAAP (subject in each case to the provisions of Section 1.04).
Section 6.15      
Limitation on Accounting Changes
 
.  Change its fiscal year-end (a 52- or 53- week fiscal year) to a date other than the last Wednesday in September of each calendar year or change its fiscal quarter ends to dates other than the last Wednesday of the applicable fiscal quarter (the first, third, and fourth fiscal quarters contain 12 weeks (or 13 weeks in the fourth fiscal quarter in a 53-week fiscal year) and the second fiscal quarter contains 16 weeks), except that in the event Holdings changes its fiscal year and fiscal quarter ends to calendar year and calendar quarter ends, the Companies shall be permitted to change their fiscal year and fiscal quarter ends accordingly.
Section 6.16      
Fiscal Periods
 
.  Enter into any agreement, instrument, deed or lease which prohibits or limits the ability of any Company to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its properties or assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or which requires the grant of any security for an obligation if security is granted for another obligation, except the following:  (a) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; (b) covenants in documents creating Liens permitted by prohibiting further Liens (other than Liens permitted under ) on the properties encumbered thereby; (c) any prohibition or limitation that (i) exists pursuant to applicable Legal Requirements, or (ii) consists of customary restrictions and conditions contained in any agreement relating to the sale of any property pending the consummation of such sale; that (1) such restrictions apply only to the property to be sold and such sale is permitted hereunder, and (2) such sale is permitted hereunder, or (iii) restricts subletting or assignment of any lease governing a leasehold interest of Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries; (d) prohibitions and limitations contained in any agreement to which a Subsidiary is a party that was in effect at the time such Subsidiary became a Subsidiary of a Borrower, so long as such agreement was not entered into in anticipation or contemplation of such person becoming a Subsidiary and such prohibitions and limitations only relate to such Subsidiary; (e) customary non-assignment provisions in customer contracts and licenses of (or any other grants of rights to use) Intellectual Property, in each case entered into in the ordinary course of business; and (f) is imposed by any amendments that are otherwise permitted by the Loan Documents of the contracts, instruments or obligations referred to in this ; provided that such amendments are no more restrictive with respect to the prohibitions and limitations in such contracts, instruments or obligations as in effect prior to any such amendment.
Section 6.17      
No Further Negative Pledge
Section 6.02
Section 6.02(n)
provided
Section 6.17
 
 
95
 
 
.
Section 6.18      
Anti-Terrorism Law; Anti-Money Laundering
 
(a)        Directly or indirectly, (i) knowingly conduct any business or engage in making or receiving any contribution of funds, goods or services to or for the benefit of any person described in Section 3.21, (ii) knowingly deal in, or otherwise engage in any transaction relating to, any property or interests in property blocked pursuant to the Executive Order or any other Anti-Terrorism Law, or (iii) knowingly engage in or conspire to engage in any transaction that evades or avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempts to violate, any of the prohibitions set forth in any Anti-Terrorism Law (and the Companies shall deliver to the Lenders any certification or other evidence requested from time to time by any Lender in its reasonable discretion, confirming the Companies compliance with this Section 6.18).
 
(b)        Cause or permit any of the funds of such Company that are used to repay the Credit Extensions to be derived from any unlawful activity with the result that the making of the Credit Extensions would be in violation of Legal Requirements.
 
.  Cause or permit (a) any of the funds or properties of the Companies that are used to repay the Loans or other Credit Extensions to constitute property of, or be beneficially owned directly or indirectly by, any person subject to sanctions or trade restrictions under United States law ( or ) that is identified on (1) the List of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons maintained by OFAC and/or on any other similar list maintained by OFAC pursuant to any authorizing statute including the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C.  1701 et seq., The Trading with the Enemy Act, 50 U.S.C. App. 1 et seq., and any Executive Order or regulation promulgated thereunder, with the result that the investment in the Companies (whether directly or indirectly) is prohibited by applicable Legal Requirements, or the Loans or other Credit Extensions made by the Lenders and the Issuing Bank would be in violation of Legal Requirements, or (2) the Executive Order, any related enabling legislation or any other similar executive orders, or (b) any Embargoed Person to have any direct or indirect interest, of any nature whatsoever in the Companies, with the result that the investment in the Companies (whether directly or indirectly) is prohibited by applicable Legal Requirements or the Credit Extensions are in violation of applicable Legal Requirements.
Section 6.19      
Embargoed Person
Embargoed Person
Embargoed Persons
 
 
.  The Subsidiary Guarantors hereby, jointly and severally, guarantee, as primary obligors and not as sureties, to each Secured Party and their respective successors and assigns, the prompt payment and performance in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, declaration, demand, by acceleration or otherwise) of the principal of and interest (including any interest, fees, costs or charges that would accrue but for the provisions of the Title 11 of the United States Code after any bankruptcy or insolvency petition under Title 11 of the United States Code) on the Loans made by the Lenders to, and the Notes held by each Lender of, Borrower, and all other Secured Obligations from time to time owing to the Secured Parties by any Loan Party in each case strictly in accordance with the terms thereof (such obligations being herein collectively called the ).  The Subsidiary Guarantors hereby jointly and severally agree that if Borrower or other Subsidiary Guarantor(s) shall fail to pay in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) any of the Guaranteed Obligations, the Subsidiary Guarantors will promptly pay the same in cash, without any demand or notice whatsoever, and that in the case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, the same will be promptly paid in full when due (whether at extended maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) in accordance with the terms of such extension or renewal.
Section 7.01     
The Guarantee
Guaranteed Obligations
 
 
96
 
 
.  The obligations of the Subsidiary Guarantors under shall constitute a guaranty of payment and performance and not of collection and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, are absolute, irrevocable and unconditional, joint and several, irrespective of the value, genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of the Guaranteed Obligations under this Agreement, the Notes, if any, or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein, or any substitution, release or exchange of any other guarantee of or security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations, and, irrespective of any other circumstance whatsoever that might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a surety or Subsidiary Guarantor (except for payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations).  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is agreed that the occurrence of any one or more of the following shall not alter or impair the liability of the Subsidiary Guarantors hereunder which shall remain absolute, irrevocable and unconditional under any and all circumstances as described above:
Section 7.02     
Obligations Unconditional
Section 7.01
 
(a)        at any time or from time to time, without notice to the Subsidiary Guarantors, the time for any performance of or compliance with any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be extended, or such performance or compliance shall be waived;
 
(b)        any of the acts mentioned in any of the provisions of this Agreement or the Notes, if any, or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein shall be done or omitted;
 
(c)        the maturity of any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be accelerated, or any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be amended in any respect, or any right under the Loan Documents or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein shall be amended or waived in any respect or any other guarantee of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any security therefor shall be released or exchanged in whole or in part or otherwise dealt with;
 
(d)        any Lien or security interest granted to, or in favor of, any Secured Party as security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall fail to be valid, perfected or to have the priority required under the Loan Documents; or
 
(e)        the release of any other Subsidiary Guarantor pursuant to .
Section 7.09
 
The Subsidiary Guarantors hereby expressly waive diligence, presentment, demand of payment, protest and all notices whatsoever, and any requirement that any Secured Party exhaust any right, power or remedy or proceed against Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor under this Agreement or the Notes, if any, or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein, or against any other person under any other guarantee of, or security for, any of the Guaranteed Obligations.  The Subsidiary Guarantors waive any and all notice of the creation, renewal, extension, waiver, termination or accrual of any of the Guaranteed Obligations and notice of or proof of reliance by any Secured Party upon this Guarantee or acceptance of this Guarantee, and the Guaranteed Obligations, and any of them, shall conclusively be deemed to have been created, contracted or incurred in reliance upon this Guarantee, and all dealings between Borrower and the Secured Parties shall likewise be conclusively presumed to have been had or consummated in reliance upon this Guarantee.  This Guarantee shall be construed as a continuing, absolute, irrevocable and unconditional guarantee of payment and performance without regard to any right of offset with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations at any time or from time to time held by the Secured Parties, and the obligations and liabilities of the Subsidiary Guarantors hereunder shall not be conditioned or contingent upon the pursuit by the Secured Parties or any other person at any time of any right or remedy against Borrower or against any other person which may be or become liable in respect of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or against any collateral security or guarantee therefor or right of offset with respect thereto.  This Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect and be binding in accordance with and to the extent of its terms upon the Subsidiary Guarantors and their respective successors and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of the Secured Parties, and their respective successors and assigns, notwithstanding that from time to time during the term of this Agreement there may be no Guaranteed Obligations outstanding.
 
 
97
 
 
.  The obligations of the Subsidiary Guarantors under this shall be automatically reinstated if and to the extent that for any reason any payment by or on behalf of Borrower or other Loan Party in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded or must be otherwise restored by any holder of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, whether as a result of any proceedings in bankruptcy or reorganization or otherwise.
Section 7.03      
Reinstatement
Article VII
 
.  Each Subsidiary Guarantor hereby agrees that until the indefeasible payment and satisfaction in full in cash of all Guaranteed Obligations and the expiration and termination of the Commitments of the Lenders under this Agreement it shall waive any claim and shall not exercise any right or remedy, direct or indirect, arising by reason of any performance by it of its guarantee in , whether by subrogation or otherwise, against Borrower or any other Subsidiary Guarantor of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations.  Any Indebtedness of any Loan Party permitted pursuant to shall be subordinated to such Loan Partys Secured Obligations in the manner set forth in the Intercompany Note evidencing such Indebtedness.
Section 7.04      
Subrogation; Subordination
Section 7.01
Section 6.04(f)
 
.  The Subsidiary Guarantors jointly and severally agree that, as between the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Lenders, the obligations of Borrower under this Agreement and other Loan Documents may be declared to be forthwith due and payable as provided in (and shall be deemed to have become automatically due and payable in the circumstances provided in ) for purposes of , notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such declaration (or such obligations from becoming automatically due and payable) as against Borrower and that, in the event of such declaration (or such obligations being deemed to have become automatically due and payable), such obligations (whether or not due and payable by Borrower) shall forthwith become due and payable by the Subsidiary Guarantors for purposes of .
Section 7.05      
Remedies
Article VIII
Article VIII
Section 7.01
Section 7.01
 
.  Each Subsidiary Guarantor hereby acknowledges that the guarantee in this constitutes an instrument for the payment of money, and consents and agrees that any Lender or Agent, at its sole option, in the event of a dispute by such Subsidiary Guarantor in the payment of any moneys due hereunder, shall have the right to bring a motion-action under New York CPLR Section 3213.
Section 7.06      
Instrument for the Payment of Money
Article VII
 
.  The guarantee in this is a continuing guarantee of payment and performance, and shall apply to all Guaranteed Obligations whenever arising.
Section 7.07      
Continuing Guarantee
Article VII
 
.  In any action or proceeding involving any state corporate limited partnership or limited liability company law, or any applicable state, federal or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other Legal Requirement affecting the rights of creditors generally, if the obligations of any Subsidiary Guarantor under would otherwise be held or determined to be void, voidable, invalid or unenforceable, or subordinated to the claims of any other creditors, on account of the amount of its liability under , then, notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary, the amount of such liability shall, without any further action by such Subsidiary Guarantor, any Loan Party or any other person, be automatically limited and reduced to the highest amount (after giving effect to the rights of subrogation and contribution established in and , respectively) that is valid and enforceable, not void or voidable and not subordinated to the claims of other creditors as determined in such action or proceeding.
Section 7.08      
General Limitation on Guarantee Obligations
Section 7.01
Section 7.01
Sections 7.04
7.10
 
 
98
 
 
.  If, in compliance with the terms and provisions of the Loan Documents, (i) all of the Equity Interests or (ii) all or substantially all of the property of any Subsidiary Guarantor are sold or otherwise transferred (a ) to a person or persons (other than any Company or any Affiliate thereof), such Transferred Guarantor shall, upon the consummation of such sale or transfer, be automatically released from its obligations under this Agreement (including under ) and its obligations to pledge and grant any Collateral owned by it pursuant to any Security Document and, in the case of the sale of all of the Equity Interests of the Transferred Guarantor, the pledge of such Equity Interests to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Security Documents shall be released, and, so long as Borrower shall have previously provided the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent such certifications or documents the Collateral Agent and/or the Administrative Agent as shall reasonably request, the Collateral Agent shall take such actions as are necessary to effect each release described in this in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Security Documents.
Section 7.09      
Release of Guarantors
Transferred Guarantor
Section 10.03
Section 7.09
 
.  Each Subsidiary Guarantor hereby agrees that to the extent that a Subsidiary Guarantor shall have paid more than its proportionate share of any payment made hereunder, such Subsidiary Guarantor shall be entitled to seek and receive contribution from and against any other Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder which has not paid its proportionate share of such payment.  Each Subsidiary Guarantors right of contribution shall be subject to the terms and conditions of .  The provisions of this Section 7.10 shall in no respect limit the obligations and liabilities of any Subsidiary Guarantor to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender and the Lenders, and each Subsidiary Guarantor shall remain liable to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender and the Lenders for the full amount guaranteed by such Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder.
Section 7.10      
Right of Contribution
Section 7.04
 
 
.  Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any of the following events (each, an ):
Section 8.01      
Events of Default
Event of Default
 
(a)        default shall be made in the payment of any principal of any Loan or any Reimbursement Obligation when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof (including a Term Loan Repayment Date) or at a date fixed for prepayment (whether voluntary or mandatory) thereof or by acceleration thereof or otherwise;
 
(b)        default shall be made in the payment of any interest on any Credit Extension or any Fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in paragraph (a) above) due under any Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof (including an Interest Payment Date) or at a date fixed for prepayment (whether voluntary or mandatory) or by acceleration or demand thereof or otherwise, and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of three Business Days;
 
 
99
 
(c)        any representation or warranty made or deemed made in or in connection with any Loan Document or the borrowings of Loans or issuances of Letters of Credit hereunder, or any representation, warranty, statement or information contained in any report, certificate, financial statement or other instrument furnished in connection with or pursuant to any Loan Document, shall prove to have been false or misleading in any material respect when so made, deemed made or furnished;
 
(d)        default shall be made in the due observance or performance by any Company of any covenant, condition or agreement contained in , , , , , or or in ;
Sections 5.01
5.02
5.03(a)
5.04(a)
5.08
5.11
5.14
Article VI
 
(e)        default shall be made in the due observance or performance by any Company of any covenant, condition or agreement contained in any Loan Document (other than those specified in paragraphs (a), (b) or (d) immediately above) and such default shall continue unremedied or shall not be waived for a period of 30 days (or 10 Business Days in the case of the Fee Letter) after the occurrence thereof;
 
(f)        any Company shall (i) fail to pay any principal or interest, regardless of amount, due in respect of any Indebtedness (other than the Obligations), when and as the same shall become due and payable beyond any applicable grace period, or (ii) fail to observe or perform any other term, covenant, condition or agreement contained in any agreement or instrument evidencing or governing any such Indebtedness beyond the period of grace, if any, provided in the instrument or agreement under which such Indebtedness was created if the effect of any failure referred to in this clause (ii) is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness or a trustee or other representative on its or their behalf (with or without the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both) to cause, such Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity or become subject to a mandatory offer to purchase by the obligor; that it shall not constitute an Event of Default pursuant to this paragraph (f) unless the aggregate amount of all such Indebtedness referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) exceeds $3,500,000 at any one time;
provided
 
(g)        an Insolvency Proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed in a court of competent jurisdiction seeking (i) relief in respect of any Company or of a substantial part of the property of any Company, under Title 11 of the United States Code, as now constituted or hereafter amended, or any other federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar Legal Requirement, (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar official for any Company or for a substantial part of the property of any Company, or (iii) the winding-up or liquidation of any Company; and such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for 60 days or an Order approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered;
 
(h)        any Company shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking relief under Title 11 of the United States Code, as now constituted or hereafter amended, or any other federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar Legal Requirement, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any Insolvency Proceeding or the filing of any petition described in clause (g) above, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar official for any Company or for a substantial part of the property of any Company, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (vi) become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due, (vii)  wind up or liquidate, or (viii) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing;
 
(i)        one or more Orders for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of $3,500,000 (that are not covered by insurance from an unaffiliated insurance company with an A.M. Best financial strength rating of at least A-, it being understood that even if such amounts are covered by insurance from such an insurance company, such amounts shall count against such basket if responsibility for such amounts has been denied by such insurance company or such insurance company has not been promptly notified of such amounts or such insurance company is not participating in the defense thereof with customary diligence (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent)) shall be rendered against any Company or any combination thereof and the same shall remain unpaid, undischarged, unvacated or unbonded for a period of 30 consecutive days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed, or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to levy upon properties of any Company to enforce any such Order;
 
 
100
 
 
(j)        one or more ERISA Events shall have occurred that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in liability of any Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates in an aggregate amount exceeding $3,500,000 or the imposition of a Lien on any properties of a Company;
 
(k)        any security interest and Lien purported to be created by any Security Document shall cease to be in full force and effect, or shall cease to give the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, the Liens, rights, powers and privileges purported to be created and granted under such Security Documents (including a valid, enforceable, perfected first priority security interest in and Lien on, all of the Collateral thereunder (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or such Security Document and except for any failure to perfect a security interest caused by the Collateral Agents gross negligence or willful misconduct)) in favor of the Collateral Agent, or shall be asserted by or on behalf of any Company not to be, a valid, enforceable, perfected, first priority (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or such Security Document) security interest in or Lien on the Collateral covered thereby; provided that it shall not be an Event of Default under this paragraph (k) if the Collateral Agent shall not have, or shall cease to have, a valid, enforceable and perfected first priority security interest in or Lien on any Collateral purported to be covered by the Security Documents that (i) has a Fair Market Value, individually or in the aggregate, of less than $1,000,000 and (ii) is not material to the operations or the businesses of the Companies, taken as a whole, in each case as determined by the Collateral Agent in its reasonable discretion;
 
(l)        any Loan Document or any material provisions thereof shall at any time and for any reason be declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be null and void, or a proceeding shall be commenced by or on behalf of any Loan Party or any other person, or by any Governmental Authority, seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof (exclusive of questions of interpretation of any provision thereof), or any Company (directly or indirectly) shall repudiate, revoke, terminate or rescind (or purport to do any of the foregoing) or deny any portion of its liability or obligation for the Obligations; or
 
(m)       there shall have occurred a Change in Control; or
 
(n)        any Company shall be prohibited or otherwise restrained from conducting the business theretofore conducted by it in any manner that has, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect by virtue of any determination, ruling, decision or Order of any court or Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction;
 
then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Borrower described in paragraph (g) or (h) above), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to Borrower, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times:  (i) terminate forthwith the Commitments; (ii) declare the Loans and Reimbursement Obligations then outstanding to be forthwith due and payable in whole or in part, whereupon the principal of the Loans and Reimbursement Obligations so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and any unpaid accrued Fees and all other liabilities of the Loan Parties accrued hereunder and under any other Loan Document, shall become forthwith due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or any other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Loan Parties, anything contained herein or in any other Loan Document or otherwise to the contrary notwithstanding; and (iii) exercise any and all of its other rights and remedies under applicable Legal Requirements, hereunder and under the other Loan Documents; and in any event with respect to the Borrower described in paragraph (g) or (h) above, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans and Reimbursement Obligations then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and any unpaid accrued Fees and all other liabilities of the Loan Parties accrued hereunder and under any other Loan Document, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or any other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Loan Parties, anything contained herein or in any other Loan Document or otherwise to the contrary notwithstanding.
 
 
101
 
 
In addition, without limiting the foregoing, in the event of a foreclosure (or other similar exercise of remedies) by Collateral Agent on any of the Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale or other disposition, the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent or any Secured Party may be the purchaser of any or all of such Collateral at any such sale or other disposition and, in addition, the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent, as agent for and representative of all of Secured Parties (but not any Lender or Lenders in its or their respective individual capacities unless Required Lenders shall otherwise agree in writing) shall be entitled, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral sold at any such sale or other disposition, to use and apply any of the Obligations as a credit on account of the purchase price for any Collateral payable by Collateral Agent at such sale.
 
 
.  (a)  Each Lender and the Issuing Bank hereby irrevocably designates and appoints each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent as an agent of such Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  Each Lender irrevocably authorizes each Agent, in such capacity, through its agents or employees, to take such actions on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are delegated to such Agent by the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto.  The provisions of this are solely for the benefit of the Agents, the Lenders and the Issuing Bank, and no Loan Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any such provisions.
Section 9.01      
Appointment
Article IX
 
(b)        Each Lender irrevocably appoints each other Lender as its agent and bailee for the purpose of perfecting Liens (whether pursuant to Section 8-301(a)(2) of the UCC or otherwise), for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in assets in which, in accordance with the UCC or any other applicable Legal Requirement a security interest can be perfected by possession or control.  Should any Lender (other than the Collateral Agent) obtain possession or control of any such Collateral, such Lender shall notify the Collateral Agent thereof, and, promptly following the Collateral Agents request therefor, shall deliver such Collateral to the Collateral Agent or otherwise deal with such Collateral in accordance with the Collateral Agents instructions.
 
.  Each person serving as an Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not an Agent, and such person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for, and generally engage in any kind of business with, any Company or Affiliate thereof as if it were not an Agent hereunder and without duty to account therefor to the Lenders or the Issuing Bank.
Section 9.02      
Agent in Its Individual Capacity
 
 
102
 
 
.  No Agent shall have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth in the Loan Documents.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) no Agent shall be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) no Agent shall have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated by the Loan Documents that such Agent is required to exercise in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in ); that no Agent shall be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose such Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Legal Requirements, and (c) except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, no Agent shall have any duty to disclose or shall be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to any Company or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the person serving as such Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity.  No Agent shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as any Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in ).  No Agent shall be deemed to have knowledge of any Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to such Agent by Borrower, a Lender, or the Issuing Bank, and no Agent shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth in any Loan Document or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in or elsewhere in any Loan Document.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the use of the term agent in this Agreement with reference to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law.  Instead, such term is used merely as a matter of market custom and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties. Each party to this Agreement acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent may from time to time use one or more outside service providers for the tracking of all UCC financing statements (and/or other collateral related filings and registrations from time to time) required to be filed or recorded pursuant to the Loan Documents and the notification to the Administrative Agent, of, among other things, the upcoming lapse or expiration thereof, and that each of such service providers will be deemed to be acting at the request and on behalf of Borrower and the other Loan Parties.  No Agent shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by any such service provider.
Section 9.03      
Exculpatory Provisions
Section 10.02
provided
Section 10.02
Article IV
 
.  Each Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent, or otherwise authenticated by a proper person.  Each Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally and believed by it to be made by a proper person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon.  In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or the Issuing Bank, each Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or the Issuing Bank unless each Agent shall have received written notice to the contrary from such Lender or the Issuing Bank prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit.  Each Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for Borrower), independent accountants and other advisors selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or advisors.
Section 9.04      
Reliance by Agent
 
 
103
 
 
.  Each Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through, or delegate any and all such rights and powers to, any one or more sub-agents appointed by such Agent.  Each Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Affiliates.  The exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Affiliates of each Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply, without limiting the foregoing, to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Agent.
Section 9.05      
Delegation of Duties
 
.  Each Agent may resign as such at any time upon at least 10 days prior notice to the Lenders, the Issuing Bank and Borrower.  Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with Borrower, to appoint a successor Agent from among the Lenders.  If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 10 days after the retiring Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Bank, appoint a successor Agent, which successor shall be a commercial banking institution organized under the laws of the United States (or any State thereof) or a United States branch or agency of a commercial banking institution, in each case, having combined capital and surplus of at least $500,000,000; that if such retiring Agent is unable to find a commercial banking institution that is willing to accept such appointment and which meets the qualifications set forth above, the retiring Agents resignation shall nevertheless thereupon become effective and the retiring (or retired) Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents, and the Lenders shall assume and perform all of the duties of the Agent under the Loan Documents until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Agent.
Section 9.06      
Successor Agent
provided
 
Upon the acceptance of its appointment as an Agent hereunder by a successor, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Agent, and the retiring (or retired) Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents.  The fees payable by Borrower to a successor Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between Borrower and such successor.  After an Agents resignation hereunder, the provisions of this , and to shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Affiliates in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while it was acting as Agent.
Article IX
Section 10.03
Sections 10.08
10.10
 
.  Each Lender and the Issuing Bank acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender or any of their respective Affiliates and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement.  Each Lender further represents and warrants that it has reviewed the Confidential Information Memorandum and each other document made available to it on the Platform in connection with this Agreement and has acknowledged and accepted the terms and conditions applicable to the recipients thereof (including any such terms and conditions set forth, or otherwise maintained, on the Platform with respect thereto).  Each Lender and the Issuing Bank also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender or any of their respective Affiliates and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.
Section 9.07      
Non-Reliance on Agent and Other Lenders
 
 
104
 
 
.  The parties hereto acknowledge that the Documentation Agents and the Syndication Agent hold such titles in name only, and that such titles confer no additional rights or obligations relative to those conferred on any Lender or the Issuing Bank hereunder.
Section 9.08      
Name Agents
 
.  The Lenders severally agree to indemnify each Agent in its capacity as such and each of its Related Persons (to the extent not reimbursed by Borrower or the Guarantors and without limiting the obligation of Borrower or the Subsidiary Guarantors to do so), ratably according to their respective outstanding Loans and Commitments in effect on the date on which indemnification is sought under this (or, if indemnification is sought after the date upon which all Commitments shall have terminated and the Loans and Reimbursement Obligations shall have been paid in full, ratably in accordance with such outstanding Loans and Commitments as in effect immediately prior to such date), from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, fines, penalties, actions, claims, suits, litigations, investigations, inquiries or proceedings, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time (whether before or after the payment of the Loans and Reimbursement Obligations) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Agent or Related Person in any way relating to or arising out of, the Commitments, this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein, the Transactions or any of the other transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by such Agent or Related Person under or in connection with any of the foregoing (); that no Lender shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, claims, suits, litigations, investigations, inquiries or proceedings, costs, expenses or disbursements that are found by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to have directly resulted solely and directly from such Agents or Related Partys, as the case may be, gross negligence or willful misconduct.  The agreements in this shall survive the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder.
Section 9.09      
Indemnification
Section 9.09
IN ALL CASES, WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED OR ARISING, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OUT OF THE COMPARATIVE, CONTRIBUTORY OR SOLE NEGLIGENCE OF ANY AGENT OR RELATED PERSON
provided
Section 9.09
 
 
.  (a)  .  Notices and other communications provided for herein shall, except as provided in Section 10.01(b), be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopy, as follows:
Section 10.01    
Notices
Generally
 
(i)        if to any Loan Party, to Borrower at 36 South Pennsylvania Street, Suite 500, Indianapolis, Indiana 46204,Attention:  Duane E. Geiger, Telecopy No.: (317) 633-4105, with a copy to: Olshan Grundman Frome Rosenzweig and Wolosky LLP, Park Avenue Tower, 65 East 55th street, New York, New York 10022, Attention:  Steven Wolosky, Telecopy No.: (212) 451-2222;
 
 
(ii)        if to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, to it at: Jefferies Finance LLC, 520 Madison Avenue, New York, New York  10022, Attention:  Account Officer Steak n Shake Operations, Inc., Telecopy No.:  (212) 284-3444;
 
(iii)      if to a Lender, to it at its address (or telecopy number) set forth on Annex I or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender shall have become a party hereto; and
 
(iv)      if to the Swingline Lender or Issuing Bank, to it at 25 North Illinois, Suite 1000, Indianapolis, Indiana 46204, Attention:  William J. KrummenTelecopy No.:317-383-2320;
,
 
 
 
105
 
 
Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the Issuing Bank hereunder may (subject to ) be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent.  Any party hereto may change its address, telecopier number or e-mail address for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto.
Section 10.01(b)
 
(b)        .   Each Loan Party hereby agrees that it will provide to the Administrative Agent all information, documents and other materials that it is obligated to furnish to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement and any other Loan Document, including all notices, requests, financial statements, financial and other reports, certificates and other information materials, but excluding any such communication that (i) relates to a request for a new, or a conversion of an existing, Borrowing or other extension of credit (including any election of an interest rate or interest period relating thereto), (ii) relates to the payment of any principal or other amount due under this Agreement prior to the scheduled date therefor, (iii) provides notice of any Default under this Agreement or (iv) is required to be delivered to satisfy any condition precedent to the effectiveness of this Agreement and/or any borrowing or other extension of credit hereunder (all such non-excluded communications, collectively, the ), by transmitting the Communications in an electronic/soft medium in a format reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent at such e-mail address(es) provided to Borrower by the Administrative Agent from time to time or in such other form, including hard copy delivery thereof, as the Administrative Agent shall require.  In addition, each Loan Party agrees to continue to provide the Communications to the Administrative Agent in the manner specified in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or in such other form, including hard copy delivery thereof, as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably require.  Nothing in this shall prejudice the right of the Agents, any Lender, the Issuing Bank or any Loan Party to give any notice or other communication pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any other manner specified in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or as any such Agent shall reasonably require.
Posting
Communications
Section 10.01
 
(c)        To the extent consented to by the Administrative Agent in writing from time to time, the Administrative Agent agrees that receipt of the Communications by the Administrative Agent at its e-mail address(es) set forth above shall constitute effective delivery of the Communications to the Administrative Agent for purposes of the Loan Documents.
 
(d)        Each Loan Party further agrees that the Administrative Agent may make the Communications available to the other Agents, the Lenders or the Issuing Bank by posting the Communications on IntraLinks, SyndTrak or a substantially similar electronic transmission system (the ).  The Platform is provided as is and as available.  The Agents do not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the Communications, or the adequacy of the Platform and expressly disclaim liability for errors or omissions in the communications.  No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by any Agent in connection with the Communications or the Platform.  Notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor.
Platform
 
.  (a)  No failure or delay by any Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power.  The rights and remedies of each Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have.  No waiver of any provision of any Loan Document or consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by , and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether any Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time.  No notice or demand on Borrower or any other Loan Party in any case shall entitle Borrower or any other Loan Party to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances.
Section 10.02    
Waivers; Amendment
Section 10.02(b)
 
 
106
 
 
(b)        Subject to and , this Agreement nor any other Loan Document nor any provision hereof or thereof may be waived, amended, supplemented or modified except, in the case of this Agreement, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by Borrower and the Required Lenders or, in the case of any other Loan Document, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent (in the case of any Security Document) and the Loan Party or Loan Parties that are parties thereto, in each case with the written consent of the Required Lenders; that no such agreement shall:
Section 2.16(c)
Section 10.02(c)
provided
 
(i)        increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender (it being understood that no amendment, modification, termination, waiver or consent with respect to any condition precedent, covenant or Default (or any definition used, respectively, therein) shall constitute an increase in the Commitment of any Lender for purposes of this clause (i));
 
(ii)        reduce the principal amount or premium, if any, of any Loan or LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon (other than interest pursuant to ) , or reduce any Fees payable hereunder, or change the form or currency of payment of any Obligation, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby (it being understood that any amendment or modification to the financial definitions in this Agreement shall not constitute a reduction in the rate of interest for purposes of this clause (ii));
Section 2.06(c)
 
(iii)      postpone or extend the maturity of any Loan, or any scheduled date of payment of or the installment otherwise due on the principal amount of any Term Loan under , or the required date of payment of any Reimbursement Obligation, or any date for the payment of any interest or fees payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment (other than a waiver of any increase in the interest rate pursuant to ), or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Letter of Credit beyond the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby;
Section 2.09
Section 2.06(c)
 
(iv)      change or in a manner that would alter the order of or the sharing of payments or setoffs required thereby, without the written consent of each Lender;
Section 2.14(b)
(c)
pro rata
 
(v)       change the percentage set forth in the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision of any Loan Document (including this ) specifying the number or percentage of Lenders (or Lenders of any Class) required to waive, amend or modify any rights thereunder or make any determination or grant any consent thereunder, without the written consent of each Lender (or each Lender of such Class, as the case may be);
Section 10.02
 
 
107
 
 
(vi)      release all or substantially all of the Subsidiary Guarantors from their respective Guarantees (except as expressly provided in ), or limit their liability in respect of such Guarantees, without the written consent of each Lender;
Article VII
 
(vii)     except as expressly permitted in this Agreement or any Security Document, release all or substantially all of the Collateral from the Liens of the Security Documents or alter the relative priorities of the Secured Obligations entitled to the Liens of the Security Documents (except in connection with securing additional Secured Obligations equally and ratably with the other Secured Obligations), in each case without the written consent of each Lender;
 
(viii)    change any provisions of any Loan Document in a manner that by its terms adversely and directly affects the rights in respect of payments due to Lenders holding Loans of any Class materially differently than those holding Loans of any other Class, without the written consent of Lenders holding a majority in interest of the outstanding Loans and unused Commitments of each directly affected Class;
 
(ix)       change the order of application of prepayments among Term Loans and Revolving Commitments under or change the application of prepayments of Term Loans set forth in in each case without the written consent of each Lender in the directly affected Class, or
Section 2.10(h)
Section 2.10(h)
 
(x)        change in a manner which further restricts assignments thereunder without the written consent of each Lender;
Section 10.04(b)
 
, , that (1) no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be, (2) any waiver, amendment or modification of this Agreement that by its terms directly affects the rights or duties under this Agreement of the Revolving Lenders (but not the Term Loan Lenders), or the Term Loan Lenders (but not the Revolving Lenders) may be effected by an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by Borrower and the requisite percentage in interest of the affected Class of Lenders that would be required to consent thereto under this if such Class of Lenders were the only Class of Lenders hereunder at the time, and (3) any waiver, amendment or modification prior to the achievement of a successful syndication of the credit facilities provided herein (as determined by the Arranger in its sole discretion) may not be effected without the written consent of the Arranger.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, any provision of this Agreement may be amended by an agreement in writing entered into by Borrower, the Required Lenders, and the Administrative Agent (and, if their rights or obligations are affected thereby, the Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender) if (x) by the terms of such agreement the Commitment of each Lender not consenting to the amendment provided for therein shall terminate upon the effectiveness of such amendment, (y) at the time such amendment becomes effective, each Lender not consenting thereto receives payment in full of the principal of, premium, if any, and interest accrued on each Loan made by it and all other amounts owing to it or accrued for its account under this Agreement, and (z) is complied with.
provided
further
Section 10.02
Section 2.16(b)
 
(c)        Without the consent of any other person, the applicable Loan Party or Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent and/or Collateral Agent may (in its or their respective sole discretion, or shall, to the extent required by any Loan Document) enter into any amendment or waiver of any Loan Document, or enter into any new agreement or instrument, to effect the granting, perfection, protection, expansion or enhancement of any security interest in any Collateral or additional property to become Collateral for the benefit of the Secured Parties, or as required by applicable Legal Requirements to give effect to, or protect any security interest for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in any property or assets so that the security interests therein comply with applicable Legal Requirements.
 
 
108
 
 
.  (a)  The Loan Parties agree, jointly and severally, to pay, promptly upon demand:
Section 10.03    
Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver
 
(i)        all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Arranger, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Bank, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of Advisors for the Arranger, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Bank, in connection with the syndication of the Loans and Commitments, the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of the Loan Documents, the administration of the Credit Extensions and Commitments, the perfection and maintenance of the Liens securing the Collateral (including, without limitation, conducting Collateral audits from time to time) and any actual or proposed amendment, supplement or waiver of any of the Loan Documents (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated); provided that the fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall (except, in all events, in the case of any conflict of interest (as reasonably determined by either the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent)) be limited to the fees, charges and disbursements of one lead counsel to such persons, taken as a whole, together with one regulatory counsel and one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction;
 
(ii)        all documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, including the fees, charges and disbursements of Advisors for the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, in connection with any action, claim, suit, litigation, investigation, inquiry or proceeding affecting the Collateral or any part thereof, in which action, claim, suit, litigation, investigation, inquiry or proceeding the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent is made a party or participates or in which the right to use the Collateral or any part thereof is threatened, or in which it becomes necessary in the judgment of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to defend or uphold the Liens granted by the Security Documents (including any action, claim, suit, litigation, investigation, inquiry or proceeding to establish or uphold the compliance of the Collateral with any Legal Requirements); provided that the fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall (except, in all events, in the case of any conflict of interest (as reasonably determined by either the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent)) be limited to the fees, charges and disbursements of one lead counsel to such persons, taken as a whole, together with one regulatory counsel and one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction;
 
(iii)      all documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Arranger, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any other Agent, the Swingline Lender, the Issuing Bank or any Lender, including the fees, charges and disbursements of Advisors for any of the foregoing, incurred in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights under the Loan Documents, including its rights under this , or in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder and the collection of the Secured Obligations, including all such costs and expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of the Secured Obligations; and
Section 10.03(a)
 
(iv)      all Other Taxes in respect of the Loan Documents.
 
(b)        The Loan Parties agree, jointly and severally, to indemnify the Agents, each Lender, the Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender and each of their respective Related Persons (each such person being called an ) against, and to hold each Indemnitee harmless from, all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, fees, fines, penalties, actions, judgments, suits and related expenses, including reasonable Advisors fees, charges and disbursements (collectively, ), incurred by, imposed on or asserted against any Indemnitee, directly or indirectly, arising out of, in any way connected with, or as a result of (i) the execution, delivery, performance, administration or enforcement of the Loan Documents or any agreement or instrument contemplated thereby or the performance by the parties thereto of their respective obligations thereunder, (ii) any actual or proposed use of the proceeds of the Loans or issuance of Letters of Credit, (iii) any claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether or not any Indemnitee is a party thereto, (iv) any actual or alleged presence or Release or threatened Release of Hazardous Materials, on, at, under or from any property owned, leased or operated by any Company at any time, or any Environmental Claim or threatened Environmental Claim related in any way to any Company, (v) any past, present or future non-compliance with, or violation of, Environmental Laws  or Environmental Permits applicable to any Company, or any Companys business, or any property presently or formerly owned, leased, or operated by any Company or their predecessors in interest, (vi) the environmental condition of any property owned, leased, or operated by any Company at any time, or the applicability of any Legal Requirements relating to such property, whether or not occasioned wholly or in part by any condition, accident or event caused by any act or omission of any Company, (vii) the imposition of any environmental Lien encumbering any Real Property, (viii) the consummation of the Transactions and the other transactions contemplated hereby (including the syndication of the Credit Facilities) or (ix) any actual or prospective action, claim, suit, litigation, investigation, inquiry or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by any Loan Party or otherwise, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have directly resulted solely from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee.
Indemnitee
Claims
provided
 
 
109
 
 
(c)        The Loan Parties agree, jointly and severally, that, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and any affected Lender, which consent(s) will not be unreasonably withheld, the Loan Parties will not enter into any settlement of a Claim in respect of the subject matter of clauses (i) through (ix) of unless such settlement includes an explicit and unconditional release from the party bringing such Claim of all Indemnitees.
Section 10.03(b)
 
(d)        The provisions of this shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of the expiration of the term of this Agreement, the consummation of the Transactions and the other transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, Reimbursement Obligations and any other Secured Obligations, the release of any Subsidiary Guarantor or of all or any portion of the Collateral, the expiration of the Commitments, the expiration of any Letter of Credit, the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any investigation made by or on behalf of the Agents, the Issuing Bank or any Lender.  All amounts due under this shall be accompanied by reasonable documentation with respect to any reimbursement, indemnification or other amount requested.
Section 10.03
Section 10.03
 
(e)        To the extent that the Loan Parties fail to pay any amount required to be paid by them to the Agents, the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender under or in accordance with , each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Agents, the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be, such Lenders share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount (such indemnity shall be effective whether or not the related losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses are incurred or asserted by any party hereto or any third party); that the unreimbursed Claim was incurred by or asserted against any of the Agents, the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender in its capacity as such.  For purposes of this , a Lenders  share shall be determined based upon its share of the sum of the total Revolving Exposure, outstanding Term Loans and unused Commitments at the time.
Sections 10.03(a)
(b)
Section 10.03(g)
pro rata
provided
Section 10.03(e)
pro rata
 
 
110
 
 
(f)        To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, no Loan Party shall assert, and each Loan Party hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, exemplary, consequential, or punitive damages (including any loss of profits, business or anticipated savings) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, any Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof.  No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with the Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.
 
(g)        All amounts due under this shall be payable not later than 10 days after demand therefor.
Section 10.03
 
(h)        This Section 10.03 shall not apply to any Taxes other than Other Taxes.
 
.  (a)  The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of the Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), except that the Loan Parties may not assign or otherwise transfer any of their respective rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender, and each Lender, which consent may be withheld in their respective sole discretion (and any attempted assignment or transfer by any Loan Party without such consent shall be null and void).  Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, express or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of the Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), Participants to the extent expressly provided in and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the other Indemnitees) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement or any other Loan Document.
Section 10.04    
Successors and Assigns
Section 10.04(e)
 
(b)        Any Lender shall have the right at any time to assign to one or more assignees (other than any Company or any Affiliate thereof, a natural person or a Borrower Competitor) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it); that:
provided
 
(i)        except in the case of (A) an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, (B) any assignment made in connection with the syndication of the Commitments and Loans by the Arranger or (C) an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lenders Commitment or Loans, the amount of the Term Loan Commitment or Term Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than $1,000,000 and the amount of the Revolving Commitment or Revolving Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than $2,500,000;
 
(ii)        each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all of the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, except that this clause (ii) shall not be construed to prohibit the assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lenders rights and obligations in respect of one Class of Commitments or Loans;
 
 
111
 
 
(iii)      the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Acceptance, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500; that such fee shall not be payable in the case of (A) an assignment by any Lender to an Approved Fund of such Lender, (B) any assignment made in connection with the primary syndication of the Commitments and Loans by the Arranger or (C) an assignment settled through the Administrative Agent;
provided
 
(iv)      the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire;
 
(v)       in the case of an assignment of all or a portion of a Revolving Commitment or any Revolving Lenders obligations in respect of its LC Exposure or Swingline Exposure, the Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender must give its prior written consent to such assignment (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned);
 
(vi)      except in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, the Administrative Agent must give its prior written consent to such assignment (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned); and
 
(vii)     in the case of an assignment of all or a portion of a Revolving Commitment, a Loan or any Revolving Lenders obligations in respect of its LC Exposure or Swingline Exposure (except in the case of (A) an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, or (B) any assignment made in connection with the syndication of the Commitments and Loans by the Arranger), Borrower must give its prior written consent to such assignment (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned); provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within 5 Business Days after having acknowledged receipt of notice thereof.
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Default has occurred and is continuing any consent of Borrower otherwise required under this paragraph shall not be required.  Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to , from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Acceptance the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement ( that any liability of Borrower to such assignee under , or shall be limited to the amount, if any, that would have been payable thereunder by Borrower in the absence of such assignment, except to the extent any such amounts are attributable to a Change in Law occurring after the date of such assignment), and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all of the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of , , and ).
Section 10.04(d)
provided
Section 2.12
2.13
2.15
Sections 2.12
2.13
2.15
10.03
 
(c)        The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as an agent of Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amount of the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the ).  The entries in the Register shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error, and Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders may treat each person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary.  The Register shall be available for inspection by Borrower, the Issuing Bank, the Collateral Agent, the Swingline Lender and any Lender (with respect to its own interest only), at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.
Register
 
 
112
 
 
(d)        Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Acceptance executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the assignees completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in and any written consent to such assignment required by , the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Acceptance and record the information contained therein in the Register.  No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this .  Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with the requirements of this shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with .
Section 10.04(b)
Section 10.04(b)
Section 10.04(b)
Section 10.04
Section 10.04(e)
 
(e)        Any Lender shall have the right at any time, without the consent of, or notice to Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, or the Swingline Lender or any other person to sell participations to any person (other than any Company or any Affiliate thereof or a natural person) (a ) in all or a portion of such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans owing to it); that (i) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing Bank and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement.  Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce the Loan Documents and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of the Loan Documents; that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver that (1) is described in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) of the proviso to and (2) directly affects such Participant.  Subject to , each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of , and to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to .  To the extent permitted by Legal Requirements, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of as though it were a Lender; that such Participant agrees in writing to be subject to as though it were a Lender.  Each Lender shall, acting for this purpose as an agent of Borrower, maintain at one of its offices a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of its Participants, and the amount and terms of its participations; that no Lender shall be required to disclose or share the information contained in such register with Borrower or any other person, except as required by applicable Legal Requirements.
Participant
provided
provided
Section 10.02(b)
Section 10.04(f)
Sections 2.12
2.13
2.15
Section 10.04(b)
Section 10.08
provided
Section 2.14(c)
provided
 
(f)        A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under , or than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the prior written consent of Borrower (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned).  A Participant that would be a Foreign Lender if it were a Lender shall not be entitled to the benefits of unless Borrower is notified of the participation sold to such Participant and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of Borrower, to comply with as though it were a Lender.
Sections 2.12
2.13
2.15
Section 2.15
Section 2.15(e)
 
(g)        Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, and this shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.  Without limiting the foregoing, in the case of any Lender that is a fund that invests in bank loans or similar extensions of credit, such Lender may, without the consent of Borrower, the Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender, the Administrative Agent or any other person, collaterally assign or pledge all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement, including the Loans and Notes or any other instrument evidencing its rights as a Lender under this Agreement, to any holder of, trustee for, or any other representative of holders of, obligations owed or securities issued, by such fund, as security for such obligations or securities.
Section 10.04(g)
provided
 
 
113
 
 
(h)        Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender (a ) may grant to a special purpose funding vehicle (an ), identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Lender to the Administrative Agent and Borrower, the option to provide to Borrower all or any part of any Loan that such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to make to such Borrower pursuant to this Agreement; that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPC to make any Loan and (ii) if an SPC elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to provide all or any part of such Loan, the Granting Lender shall be obligated to make such Loan pursuant to the terms hereof; that nothing herein shall make the SPC a  for the purposes of this Agreement, obligate Borrower or any other Loan Party or the Administrative Agent to deal with such SPC directly, obligate Borrower or any other Loan Party in any manner to any greater extent than they were obligated to the Granting Lender, or increase costs or expenses of Borrower.  The Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to deal solely with, and obtain good discharge from, the Granting Lender and shall not be required to investigate or otherwise seek the consent or approval of any SPC, including for the approval of any amendment, waiver or other modification of any provision of any Loan Document.  The making of a Loan by an SPC hereunder shall utilize the Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Loan were made by such Granting Lender.  Each party hereto hereby agrees that no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation under this Agreement (all liability for which shall remain with the Granting Lender).  In furtherance of the foregoing, each party hereto hereby agrees (which agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement) that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding commercial paper or other senior indebtedness of any SPC, it will not institute against, or join any other person in instituting against, such SPC any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings under the laws of the United States of America or any state thereof.  In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this , any SPC may (i) with notice to, but without the prior written consent of, Borrower and the Administrative Agent and without paying any processing fee therefor, assign all or a portion of its interests in any Loans to the Granting Lender or to any financial institutions (consented to by Borrower and the Administrative Agent) providing liquidity and/or credit support to or for the account of such SPC to support the funding or maintenance of Loans and (ii) disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety, guarantee or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPC.
Granting Lender
SPC
provided
provided further
Lender
Section 10.04(h)
 
(i)        The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in any Assignment and Acceptance shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable Legal Requirement, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.
 
.  All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the reports, certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Agents, the Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Obligation (other than contingent indemnification obligations not then payable) or any Letter of Credit is outstanding (or Cash Collateralized) and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated.  The provisions of and to , and to shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the Transactions and the other transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the payment of the Reimbursement Obligations, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof.
Section 10.05    
Survival of Agreement
Article IX
Sections 2.12
2.15
10.03
10.08
10.10
 
 
114
 
 
.  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract.  This Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent and/or the Arranger, constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof.  Except as provided in , this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy or other electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.
Section 10.06   
Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness
Section 4.01
 
.  Any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction.
Section 10.07   
Severability
 
.  If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, the Issuing Bank and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender, the Issuing Bank or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of any Loan Party against any and all of the obligations of any Loan Party now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Documents held by such Lender or the Issuing Bank, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of such Lender or the Issuing Bank different from the branch or office holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness.  The rights of each Lender under this are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender may have.  Each Lender and the Issuing Bank agrees to notify Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application; provided, however, that in no event shall the failure to give such notice effect the validity or enforceability of any such setoffs.
Section 10.08    
Right of Setoff
Section 10.08
 
 
115
 
 
.  (a)  This Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any claims, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether sounding n contract law or tort law or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document (except, as to any other Loan Document, as expressly set forth therein) and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York without giving effect to any choice of law principles that would apply the laws of another jurisdiction.
Section 10.09   
Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process
 
(b)        Each Loan Party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in New York County and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any Loan Document, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State court or, to the extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, in such federal court.  Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by applicable Legal Requirements.  Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, any other Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any Loan Party or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction.
 
(c)        Each Loan Party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in .  Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.
Section 10.09(b)
 
(d)        Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any Loan Document, in the manner provided for notices (other than telecopy or email) in .  Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable Legal Requirements.
Section 10.01
 
Section 10.10    .  EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LEGAL REQUIREMENTS, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS OR THE OTHER TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY).  EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS .
Waiver of Jury Trial
SECTION 10.10
 
 
116
 
 
.  Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement.
Section 10.11    
Headings
 
.  Each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates and Approved Funds directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and other representatives, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential pursuant to the terms hereof), (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority or any quasi-regulatory authority (such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by applicable Legal Requirements or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies under the Loan Documents or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this , to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to Borrower and its obligations, (iii) any actual or prospective investor in an SPC or (iv) any rating agency for the purpose of obtaining a credit rating applicable to any Loan or Loan Party, (g) with the consent of Borrower or (h) to the extent such Information (i) is publicly available at the time of disclosure or becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this or (ii) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than Borrower or any Subsidiary.  In addition, the Agents, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders may disclose the existence of the Loan Documents and information about the Loan Documents to market data collectors, similar service providers to the financing community, and service providers to the Agents, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders.  For the purposes of this ,  shall mean all information received from Borrower relating to Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or its business that is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by Borrower.  Any person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such person would accord to its own confidential information.
Section 10.12   
Confidentiality
Section 10.12
Section 10.12
Section 10.12
Information
Section 10.12
 
.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively, the ), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the ) which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable Legal Requirements, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Effective Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender.
Section 10.13    
Interest Rate Limitation
Charges
Maximum Rate
Section 10.13
 
.  Each Lender to become a party to this Agreement (other than the Administrative Agent and any other Lender that is a signatory hereto) shall do so by delivering to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Acceptance duly executed by such Lender, Borrower (if Borrower consent to such assignment is required hereunder) and the Administrative Agent.
Section 10.14   
Assignment and Acceptance
 
 
117
 
 
.  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, all obligations of the Loan Parties hereunder shall be absolute and unconditional irrespective of:
Section 10.15    
Obligations Absolute
 
(a)        any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, arrangement, readjustment, composition, liquidation or the like of any Loan Party;
 
(b)        any lack of validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto against any Loan Party;
 
(c)        any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of, all or any of the Secured Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to any departure from any Loan Document or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto;
 
(d)        any exchange, release or non-perfection or loss of priority of any Liens on any or all of the Collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to any departure from any guarantee, for all or any of the Secured Obligations;
 
(e)        any exercise or non-exercise, or any waiver of any right, remedy, power or privilege under or in respect hereof or any Loan Document; or
 
(f)        any other circumstances which might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, the Loan Parties.
 
.  (a)  Each of the Loan Parties hereby waives any and all suretyship defenses available to it as a Subsidiary Guarantor arising out of the joint and several nature of its respective duties and obligations hereunder (including any defense contained in ).
Section 10.16   
Waiver of Defenses; Absence of Fiduciary Duties
Article VII
 
(b)        Each of the Loan Parties agrees that in connection with all aspects of the transactions contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents and any communications in connection therewith, the Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and each Lender, SPC and Agent, on the other hand, will have a business relationship that does not create, by implication or otherwise, any fiduciary duty on the part of any Lender, SPC or any Agent or any of their respective Affiliates, and no such duty will be deemed to have arisen in connection with any such transactions or communications.
 
.  Each Lender hereby notifies each Loan Party that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Loan Parties, which information includes the name, address  and taxpayer identification number of each Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender to identify such Loan Party in accordance with the Patriot Act.
Section 10.17   
USA Patriot Act
 
 
118
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Credit Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers or other authorized signatories as of the day and year first above written.
 
 
 
 
119
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Annex II
 
 
 
Each change in the Applicable Margin resulting from a change in the Total Leverage Ratio shall be effective with respect to all Revolving Loans, Swingline Loans and Letters of Credit outstanding on and after the date of delivery to the Administrative Agent of the financial statements and certificates required by or and , respectively, indicating such change until the date immediately preceding the next date of delivery of such financial statements and certificates indicating another such change.
Section 5.01(a)
(b)
Section 5.01(c)
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Loan Documents, the Total Leverage Ratio shall be deemed to be in (i) Level I from the Closing Date to the date of delivery to the Administrative Agent of the financial statements and certificates required by or and for the fiscal period ended at least two fiscal quarters of Borrower after the Closing Date, and (ii) Level I at any time during which Borrower has failed to deliver the financial statements and certificates required by or and , respectively, and (iii) Level I at any time during the existence of an Event of Default.
Section 5.01(a)
(b)
Section 5.01(c)
Section 5.01(a)
(b)
Section 5.01(c)
 
If (i) the Total Leverage Ratio used to determine the Applicable Margin for any period is incorrect as a result of any error, misstatement or misrepresentation contained in any financial statement or certificate delivered pursuant to or or , and (ii) as a result thereof, the Applicable Margin paid to the Lenders and/or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, at any time pursuant to the Agreement is lower than the Applicable Margin that would have been payable to the Lenders and/or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, had the Applicable Margin been calculated on the basis of the correct Total Leverage Ratio, the Applicable Margin in respect of such period will be adjusted upwards automatically and retroactively, and Borrower shall pay to each Lender and/or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amounts () as are necessary so that after receipt of such amounts such Lender and/or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, receives an amount equal to the amount it would have received had the Applicable Margin been calculated during such period on the basis of the correct Total Leverage Ratio.  Additional Amounts shall be payable 10 days following delivery by the Administrative Agent to Borrower of a notice (which shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) setting forth in reasonable detail the Administrative Agents calculation of the amount of any Additional Amounts owed to the Lenders and/or the Issuing Bank.  The payment of Additional Amounts pursuant to this shall be in addition to, and not in limitation of, any other amounts payable by Borrower pursuant to .  Additional Amounts shall constitute Obligations.  The agreements in this shall survive the payment of the Loans and all other Obligations payable under the Agreement and the termination of the Commitments.
Section 5.01(a)
(b)
Section 5.01(c)
Additional Amounts
Annex II
Section 2.06(c)
Annex II
 
 
Annex II-1
 
 

 
Exhibit 10.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(s)
Page
 
 
 
i
 
 
 
 
ii
 
 
 
iii
 
 
 
This SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated as of September 8, 2011 (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the provisions hereof, this ), made by Steak n Shake Operations, Inc., an Indiana corporation (), and the Subsidiary Guarantors from time to time party hereto by execution of this Agreement or otherwise by execution of a Joinder Agreement (the ), as pledgors, assignors and debtors (Borrower, together with the Guarantors, in such capacities and together with any successors in such capacities, the , and each, a ), in favor of Jefferies Finance LLC, in its capacity as Collateral Agent pursuant to the Credit Agreement (as hereinafter defined), as pledgee, assignee and secured party (in such capacities and together with any successors in such capacities, the ).
Agreement
Borrower
Guarantors
Pledgors
Pledgor
Collateral Agent
 
 
A.           Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto, the Collateral Agent and the lending institutions and other entities party thereto (the ) have entered into that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of September 8, 2011 (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the ).
Lenders
Credit Agreement
 
B.           The Guarantors have, pursuant to the Credit Agreement, unconditionally guaranteed the Secured Obligations.
 
C.           Borrower and the Guarantors will receive substantial benefits from the execution, delivery and performance of the Secured Obligations under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents and are, therefore, willing to enter into this Agreement.
 
D.           Each Pledgor is, or as to Pledged Collateral acquired by such Pledgor after the date hereof will be, the legal and/or beneficial owner of the Pledged Collateral pledged by it hereunder.
 
E.           This Agreement is given by each Pledgor in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties to secure the payment and performance of all of the Secured Obligations.
 
F.           It is a condition to the obligations of the Lenders to make the Loans under the Credit Agreement and a condition to the Issuing Bank issuing Letters of Credit under the Credit Agreement that each Pledgor execute and deliver the applicable Loan Documents, including this Agreement.
 
 
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, each Pledgor and the Collateral Agent hereby agree as follows:
 
 
1
 
 
 
 
SECTION 1.1                           
Definitions
.
 
(a)
   
Unless otherwise defined herein or in the Credit Agreement, capitalized terms used herein that are defined in the UCC shall have the meanings assigned to them in the UCC.
 
           Terms used but not otherwise defined herein that are defined in the Credit Agreement shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.
(b)
 
           The following terms shall have the following meanings:
(c)
 
 shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, (i) all options, warrants, rights, agreements, additional membership, partnership or other equity interests of whatever class of any issuer of Initial Pledged Interests or any interest in any such issuer, together with all rights, privileges, authority and powers of such Pledgor relating to such interests in each such issuer or under any Organizational Document of any such issuer, and the certificates, instruments and agreements representing such membership, partnership or other interests and any and all interest of such Pledgor in the entries on the books of any financial intermediary pertaining to such membership, partnership or other equity interests from time to time acquired by such Pledgor in any manner and (ii) all membership, partnership or other equity interests, as applicable, of each limited liability company, partnership or other entity (other than a corporation) hereafter acquired or formed by such Pledgor and all options, warrants, rights, agreements, additional membership, partnership or other equity interests of whatever class of such limited liability company, partnership or other entity, together with all rights, privileges, authority and powers of such Pledgor relating to such interests or under any Organizational Document of any such issuer, and the certificates, instruments and agreements representing such membership, partnership or other equity interests and any and all interest of such Pledgor in the entries on the books of any financial intermediary pertaining to such membership, partnership or other interests, from time to time acquired by such Pledgor in any manner.
Additional Pledged Interests
 
 shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, (i) all options, warrants, rights, Equity Interests, agreements, additional shares of capital stock of whatever class of any issuer of the Initial Pledged Shares or any other equity interest in any such issuer, together with all rights, privileges, authority and powers of such Pledgor relating to such interests issued by any such issuer under any Organizational Document of any such issuer, and the certificates, instruments and agreements representing such interests and any and all interest of such Pledgor in the entries on the books of any financial intermediary pertaining to such interests, from time to time acquired by such Pledgor in any manner and (ii) all the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each corporation hereafter acquired or formed by such Pledgor and all options, warrants, rights, agreements or additional shares of capital stock of whatever class of such corporation, together with all rights, privileges, authority and powers of such Pledgor relating to such shares or under any Organizational Document of such corporation, and the certificates, instruments and agreements representing such shares and any and all interest of such Pledgor in the entries on the books of any financial intermediary pertaining to such shares, from time to time acquired by such Pledgor in any manner.
Additional Pledged Shares
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Preamble hereof.
Agreement
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Bailee Letter
Section 3.4
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Preamble.
Borrower
 
 
2
 
 
 shall mean any and all property and other taxes, assessments and special assessments, levies, fees and all governmental charges imposed upon or assessed against, and all claims (including any landlords, carriers, mechanics, workmens, repairmens, laborers, materialmens, suppliers and warehousemens Liens and other charges arising by operation of law) against, all or any portion of the Pledged Collateral.
Charges
 
 shall mean motor vehicles used primarily for commercial purposes.
Commercial Motor Vehicles
 
 shall mean a commodity account control agreement in a form that is reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent.
Commodity Account Control Agreement
 
 shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, all sale, service, performance, equipment or property lease contracts, agreements and grants and all other contracts, agreements or grants (in each case, whether written or oral, or third party or intercompany), to which such Pledgor is a party, and all assignments, amendments, restatements, supplements, extensions, renewals, replacements or modifications thereof.
Contracts
 
 shall mean (i) in the case of each Deposit Account, control, as such term is defined in Section 9-104 of the UCC, and (ii) in the case of any Security Entitlement, control, as such term is defined in Section 8-106 of the UCC and (iii) in the case of any Commodity Contract, control, as such term is defined in Section 9-106 of the UCC.
Control
 
 shall mean, collectively, the Deposit Account Control Agreement(s), the Securities Account Control Agreement(s) and the Commodity Account Control Agreement(s).
Control Agreements
 
 shall mean an agreement substantially in the form annexed hereto as .
Copyright Security Agreement
Exhibit 6
 
 shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, all works of authorship (whether protected by statutory or common law copyright, whether established or registered in the United States or any other country or any political subdivision thereof, whether registered or unregistered and whether published or unpublished) and all copyright registrations and applications made by such Pledgor, in each case, whether now owned or hereafter created or acquired by such Pledgor, including the copyrights, registrations and applications listed on to the Perfection Certificate, together with any and all (i) rights and privileges arising under applicable Legal Requirements with respect to such Pledgors use of such copyrights, (ii) renewals and extensions thereof, (iii) income, fees, royalties, damages, claims and payments now or hereafter due and/or payable with respect thereto, including damages and payments for past, present or future infringements thereof, (iv) rights corresponding thereto throughout the world and (v) rights to sue for past, present or future infringements thereof.
Copyrights
Schedule 14(c)
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in hereof.
Credit Agreement
Recital A
 
 shall mean an agreement substantially in the form annexed hereto as or such other form that is reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent.
Deposit Account Control Agreement
Exhibit 5
 
 shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, (i) all deposit accounts as such term is defined in the UCC and all accounts and sub-accounts relating to any of the foregoing accounts and (ii) all cash, funds, checks, notes and instruments from time to time on deposit in any of the accounts or sub-accounts described in clause (i) of this definition.
Deposit Accounts
 
 
3
 
 
 shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, all dividends, cash, options, warrants, rights, instruments, distributions, returns of capital or principal, income, interest, profits and other property, interests (debt or equity) or proceeds, including as a result of a split, revision, reclassification or other like change of the Pledged Securities, from time to time received, receivable or otherwise distributed to such Pledgor in respect of or in exchange for any or all of the Pledged Securities or Intercompany Notes.
Distributions
 
 shall mean (i) Payroll Accounts, (ii) escrow accounts, and (iii) trust accounts, in each case entered into in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices, where the applicable Pledgor holds the funds exclusively for the benefit of an unaffiliated third party.
Excluded Accounts
 
 shall mean (A) any lease, license, contract, property rights or agreement to which any Pledgor is a party or any of its rights or interests thereunder if and for so long as the grant of such security interest shall constitute or result in (i) the abandonment, invalidation or unenforceability of any right, title or interest of any Pledgor therein or (ii) in a breach or termination pursuant to the terms of, or a default under, any such lease, license, contract property rights or agreement (other than to the extent that any such term would be rendered ineffective pursuant to Sections 9-406, 9-407, 9-408 or 9-409 of the UCC (or any successor provision or provisions) of any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable Legal Requirement or principles of equity), , , that such security interest shall attach immediately and automatically at such time as the condition causing such abandonment, invalidation or unenforceability shall be remedied and, to the extent severable, shall attach immediately to any portion of such lease, license, contract, property rights or agreement that does not result in any of the consequences specified in (i) or (ii) including any Proceeds of such lease, license, contract, property rights or agreement; and (B) to the extent applicable, Pledged Interests, Pledged Shares and Successor Interests to the extent such Pledged Interests, Pledged Securities and Successor Interests are not required to be pledged as Pledged Collateral pursuant to or of the Credit Agreement.
Excluded Property
provided
however
Section 5.10(a)
(b)
 
 shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, all general intangibles, as such term is defined in the UCC, of such Pledgor and, in any event, shall include (i) all of such Pledgors rights, title and interest in, to and under all insurance policies and coverages and Contracts, (ii) all know-how and warranties relating to any of the Pledged Collateral or any of the Mortgaged Property, (iii) any and all other rights, claims, choses-in-action and causes of action of such Pledgor against any other person and the benefits of any and all collateral or other security given by any other person in connection therewith (other than Commercial Tort Claims), (iv) all guarantees, endorsements and indemnifications on, or of, any of the Pledged Collateral or any of the Mortgaged Property, (v) all lists, books, records, correspondence, ledgers, printouts, files (whether in printed form or stored electronically), tapes and other papers or materials containing information relating to any of the Pledged Collateral or any of the Mortgaged Property, including all customer or tenant lists, identification of suppliers, data, plans, blueprints, specifications, designs, drawings, appraisals, recorded knowledge, surveys, studies, engineering reports, test reports, manuals, standards, processing standards, performance standards, catalogs, research data, computer and automatic machinery software and programs and the like, field repair data, accounting information pertaining to such Pledgors operations or any of the Pledged Collateral or any of the Mortgaged Property and all media in which or on which any of the information or knowledge or data or records may be recorded or stored and all computer programs used for the compilation or printout of such information, knowledge, records or data, (vi) all licenses, consents, permits, variances, certifications, authorizations and approvals, however characterized, of any Governmental Authority (or any person acting on behalf of a Governmental Authority) now or hereafter acquired or held by such Pledgor pertaining to operations now or hereafter conducted by such Pledgor or any of the Pledged Collateral or any of the Mortgaged Property including building permits, certificates of occupancy, environmental certificates, industrial permits or licenses and certificates of operation and (vii) all rights to reserves, payment intangibles, deferred payments, deposits, refunds or indemnification claims to the extent the foregoing relate to any Pledged Collateral or any Mortgaged Property and claims for tax or other refunds against any Governmental Authority relating to any Pledged Collateral or any of the Mortgaged Property.
General Intangibles
 
 
4
 
 
 shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, the goodwill connected with such Pledgors business including (i) all goodwill connected with the use of and symbolized by any Intellectual Property Collateral in which such Pledgor has any interest, (ii) all know-how, trade secrets, customer and supplier lists, proprietary information, inventions, methods, plans, policies, procedures, formulae, descriptions, compositions, technical data, drawings, specifications, name plates, catalogs, confidential information and the right to limit the use or disclosure thereof by any person, pricing and cost information, business and marketing plans and proposals, consulting agreements, engineering contracts and such other assets which relate to such goodwill and (iii) all product lines of such Pledgors business.
Goodwill
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Preamble hereof.
Guarantors
 
 shall mean, with respect to each Pledgor, all membership, partnership or other Equity Interests (other than in a corporation), as applicable, of each issuer described in to the Perfection Certificate, together with all rights, privileges, authority and powers of such Pledgor in and to each such issuer or under any Organizational Document of each such issuer, and the certificates, instruments and agreements representing such membership, partnership or other interests and any and all interest of such Pledgor in the entries on the books of any financial intermediary pertaining to such membership, partnership or other interests.
Initial Pledged Interests
Schedule 11
 
 shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each issuer that is a corporation described in to the Perfection Certificate, together with all rights, privileges, authority and powers of such Pledgor relating to such interests in each such issuer or under any Organizational Document of each such issuer, and the certificates, instruments and agreements representing such shares of capital stock and any and all interest of such Pledgor in the entries on the books of any financial intermediary pertaining to the Initial Pledged Shares.
Initial Pledged Shares
Schedule 11
 
 shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, all instruments, as such term is defined in Article 9, rather than Article 3, of the UCC, and shall include all promissory notes, drafts, bills of exchange or acceptances.
Instruments
 
 shall mean, collectively, the Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights, Licenses and Goodwill.
Intellectual Property Collateral
 
 shall mean, with respect to each Pledgor, the Intercompany Note and all intercompany notes hereafter acquired by such Pledgor and all certificates, instruments or agreements evidencing the Intercompany Note and such intercompany notes, and all assignments, amendments, restatements, supplements, extensions, renewals, replacements or modifications thereof to the extent permitted pursuant to the terms hereof.
Intercompany Notes
 
 shall mean a security, whether certificated or uncertificated, Security Entitlement, Securities Account, Commodity Contract or Commodity Account, excluding, however, the Securities Collateral.
Investment Property
 
 shall mean an agreement substantially in the form annexed hereto as .
Joinder Agreement
Exhibit 3
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in hereof.
Lenders
Recital A
 
 
5
 
 
 shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, all license and distribution agreements with, and covenants not to sue, any other party with respect to any Patent, Trademark or Copyright or any other patent, trademark or copyright, whether such Pledgor is a licensor or licensee, distributor or distributee under any such license or distribution agreement, together with any and all (i) renewals, extensions, supplements and continuations thereof, (ii) income, fees, royalties, damages, claims and payments now and hereafter due and/or payable thereunder and with respect thereto including damages and payments for past, present or future infringements or violations thereof, (iii) rights to sue for past, present and future infringements or violations thereof and (iv) other rights to use, exploit or practice any or all of the Patents, Trademarks or Copyrights or any other patent, trademark or copyright.
Licenses
 
 shall mean, with respect to any person, (i) in the case of any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and by-laws (or similar documents) of such person, (ii) in the case of any limited liability company, the certificate of formation and operating agreement (or similar documents) of such person, (iii) in the case of any limited partnership, the certificate of formation and limited partnership agreement (or similar documents) of such person, (iv) in the case of any general partnership, the partnership agreement (or similar document) of such person, (v) in any other case, the functional equivalent of the foregoing and (vi) any shareholder, voting trust or similar agreement between or among any holder of Equity Interests of such person.
Organizational Documents
 
 shall mean an agreement substantially in the form annexed hereto as .
Patent Security Agreement
Exhibit 7
 
 shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, all patents owned by, and all patent applications and registrations made by such Pledgor (whether established or registered or recorded in the United States or any other country or any political subdivision thereof), including those listed on to the Perfection Certificate, together with any and all (i) rights and privileges arising under applicable Legal Requirements with respect to such Pledgors use of any patents, (ii) inventions and improvements described and charged therein, (iii) reissues, divisions, continuations and continuations in part thereof, (iv) income, fees, royalties, damages, claims and payments now or hereafter due and/or payable thereunder and with respect thereto including damages and payments for past, present or future infringements thereof, (v) rights corresponding thereto throughout the world and (vi) rights to sue for past, present or future infringements thereof.
Patents
Schedule 14(a)
 
 shall mean any Deposit Account of a Pledgor that is used by such Pledgor solely as a payroll account for the employees of such Pledgor; that, at no time, shall the aggregate amount contained in all such accounts exceed the total amount of payroll payable to such employees by such Pledgor within the immediately succeeding 30 days.
Payroll Account
provided
 
 shall mean that certain perfection certificate dated the date hereof, executed and delivered by each Pledgor party thereto in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and each other Perfection Certificate (which shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent) executed and delivered by the applicable Pledgor in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of each Joinder Agreement executed in accordance with , in each case, as the same may be amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time by a Perfection Certificate Supplement or otherwise in accordance with the Credit Agreement.
Perfection Certificate
Section 3.5
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Pledged Collateral
Section 2.1
 
 shall mean, collectively, the Initial Pledged Interests and the Additional Pledged Interests.
Pledged Interests
 
 
6
 
 
 shall mean, collectively, the Pledged Interests, the Pledged Shares and the Successor Interests.
Pledged Securities
 
 shall mean, collectively, the Initial Pledged Shares and the Additional Pledged Shares.
Pledged Shares
 
 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Preamble hereof.
Pledgor
 
 shall mean (i) in the case of Borrower, the Secured Obligations (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and (ii) in the case of any Pledgor, the Guaranteed Obligations (as defined in the Credit Agreement).
Secured Obligations
 
 shall mean, collectively: 
Secured Parties
 
            with respect to the Obligations, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, each other Agent and the Lenders;
(a)
 
            with respect to obligations under Hedging Agreements, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, each other Agent, the Lenders and each counterparty to a Hedging Agreement relating to the Loans if (i) at the date of entering into such Hedging Agreement such counterparty was an Agent, a Lender or an Affiliate of an Agent or Lender, and (ii) such counterparty executes and delivers to the Administrative Agent a letter agreement in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent pursuant to which such counterparty (x) appoints the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent as its agents under the applicable Loan Documents and (y) agrees to be bound by the provisions of , and of the Credit Agreement as if it were a Lender; and
(b)
Sections 9.03
10.03
10.09
 
            with respect to overdrafts and related liabilities arising from treasury, depositary and cash management services or in connection with any automated clearinghouse transfer of funds, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, each other Agent, each Lender, and each Affiliate of an Agent or Lender that, in each case, provides treasury, depositary and/or cash management services to a Loan Party; that such Affiliate executes and delivers to the Administrative Agent a letter agreement in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent pursuant to which such Affiliate (x) appoints the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent as its agents under the applicable Loan Documents and (y) agrees to be bound by the provisions of , and of the Credit Agreement as if it were a Lender.
(c)
provided
Sections 9.03
10.03
10.09
 
 shall mean an agreement substantially in the form annexed hereto as or such other form that is reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent.
Securities Account Control Agreement
Exhibit 4
 
 shall mean, collectively, the Pledged Securities, the Intercompany Notes and the Distributions.
Securities Collateral
 
 shall mean an agreement substantially in the form annexed hereto as .
Securities Pledge Amendment
Exhibit 2
 
 shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, all shares of each class of the capital stock of the successor corporation or interests or certificates of the successor limited liability company, partnership or other entity owned by such Pledgor (unless such successor is such Pledgor itself) formed by or resulting from any consolidation or merger in which any person listed on to the Perfection Certificate is not the surviving entity.
Successor Interests
Schedule 1(a)
 
 
7
 
 
 shall mean an agreement substantially in the form annexed hereto as .
Trademark Security Agreement
Exhibit 8
 
 shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, all trademarks (including service marks), slogans, logos, certification marks, trade dress, uniform resource locations (URLs), domain names, corporate names and trade names, whether registered or unregistered, owned by such Pledgor and all registrations and applications for the foregoing (whether statutory or common law and whether established or registered in the United States or any other country or any political subdivision thereof), including those listed on to the Perfection Certificate together with any and all (i) rights and privileges arising under applicable Legal Requirements with respect to such Pledgors use of any trademarks, (ii) goodwill associated therewith, (iii) renewals thereof, (iv) income, fees, royalties, damages and payments now and hereafter due and/or payable thereunder and with respect thereto, including damages, claims and payments for past, present or future infringements thereof, (v) rights corresponding thereto throughout the world and (vi) rights to sue for past, present and future infringements thereof.
Trademarks
Schedule 14(b)
 
 shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York; , that if by reason of mandatory provisions of applicable Legal Requirements, any or all of the attachment, perfection or priority of the Collateral Agents and the other Secured Parties security interest in any item or portion of the Pledged Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code in a jurisdiction other than the State of New York, the term UCC shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such attachment, perfection or priority and for purposes of definitions relating to such provisions.
UCC
provided, however
 
                           
SECTION 1.2
Interpretation
.  The rules of interpretation specified in the Credit Agreement (including thereof) shall be applicable to this Agreement.
Section 1.03
 
                           
SECTION 1.3
Resolution of Drafting Ambiguities
.  Each Pledgor acknowledges and agrees that it was represented by counsel in connection with the execution and delivery hereof, that it and its counsel reviewed and participated in the preparation and negotiation hereof and that any rule of construction to the effect that ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party (i.e., the Collateral Agent) shall not be employed in the interpretation hereof.
 
                           
SECTION 1.4
Perfection Certificate
.  The Perfection Certificate and all descriptions of Pledged Collateral, schedules, amendments and supplements thereto are and shall at all times remain a part of this Agreement.
 
 
 
                           
SECTION 2.1
Grant of Security Interest
.  As collateral security for the payment and performance in full of all the Secured Obligations, each Pledgor hereby pledges and grants to the Collateral Agent for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties, a lien on and security interest in and to all of the right, title and interest of such Pledgor in, to and under the following property, wherever located, whether now existing or hereafter arising or acquired from time to time (collectively, the ):
Pledged Collateral
 
(i)            all Accounts;
 
(ii)           all Equipment (including Commercial Motor Vehicles), Goods, Inventory and Fixtures;
 
 
8
 
 
(iii)           all Documents, Instruments and Chattel Paper;
 
(iv)           all Letter-of-Credit Rights (whether or not the letter of credit is evidenced by a writing);
 
(v)           all Securities Collateral;
 
(vi)           all Investment Property;
 
(vii)          all Intellectual Property Collateral;
 
(viii)         the Commercial Tort Claims described on to the Perfection Certificate;
Schedule 15
 
(ix)            all General Intangibles;
 
(x)             all Deposit Accounts;
 
(xi)            all Money;
 
(xii)           all Supporting Obligations;
 
(xiii)          all books and records pertaining to the Pledged Collateral;
 
(xiv)          to the extent not covered by clauses (i) through (xiv) of this sentence, choses in action and all other personal property of such Pledgor, whether tangible or intangible; and
 
(xv)           all Proceeds and products of each of the foregoing and all accessions to, substitutions and replacements for, and rents, profits and products of, each of the foregoing, and any and all Proceeds of any insurance, indemnity, warranty or guaranty payable to such Pledgor from time to time with respect to any of the foregoing.
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in clauses (i) through (xvi) above, the security interest created by this Agreement shall not extend to, and the term Pledged Collateral shall not include, any Excluded Property.  In addition, (i) the Pledgors shall from time to time at the reasonable request of the Collateral Agent give written notice to the Collateral Agent identifying in reasonable detail the Excluded Property and shall provide to the Collateral Agent such other information regarding the Excluded Property as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request and (ii) from and after the Closing Date, no Pledgor shall permit to become effective in any document creating, governing or providing for any permit, lease or license, a provision that would prohibit the creation of a Lien on such permit, lease or license in favor of the Collateral Agent unless (x) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (y) such Pledgor believes, in its reasonable judgment, that such prohibition is usual and customary in transactions of such type.
 
SECTION 2.2                           
Filings
.
 
           Each Pledgor hereby irrevocably authorizes the Collateral Agent at any time and from time to time to file in any relevant jurisdiction any initial financing statements (including fixture filings), continuation statements and amendments thereto that contain the information required by Article 9 of the UCC of each applicable jurisdiction for the filing of any financing statement, continuation statement or amendment relating to the Pledged Collateral, including (i) whether such Pledgor is an organization, the type of organization and any organizational identification number issued to such Pledgor, and (ii) in the case of a financing statement filed as a fixture filing or covering Pledged Collateral constituting minerals or the like to be extracted or timber to be cut, a sufficient description of the real property to which such Pledged Collateral relates.  Each Pledgor agrees to provide all information described in the immediately preceding sentence to the Collateral Agent promptly upon request.  Such financing statements may describe the collateral in the same manner as described herein or may contain a description of collateral that describes such property in any other manner as the Collateral Agent may determine, in its sole discretion, is necessary, advisable or prudent to ensure the perfection or priority of the security interest in the collateral granted to the Collateral Agent in connection herewith, including, describing such property as all assets whether now owned or hereafter acquired or all personal property whether now owned or hereafter acquired (regardless of whether any particular asset comprised in the Pledged Collateral falls within the scope of Article 9 of the UCC).
(a)
 
 
9
 
 
           Each Pledgor hereby ratifies its authorization for the Collateral Agent to file in any relevant jurisdiction any initial financing statements or amendments thereto relating to the Pledged Collateral if filed prior to the date hereof.
(b)
 
           Each Pledgor hereby further authorizes the Collateral Agent to file filings with the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office (or any successor office or any similar office in any other country), including this Agreement, the Copyright Security Agreement, the Patent Security Agreement and the Trademark Security Agreement, or other documents for the purpose of perfecting, confirming, continuing, enforcing or protecting the pledge and security interest granted by such Pledgor hereunder, without the signature of such Pledgor, and naming such Pledgor, as debtor, and the Collateral Agent, as secured party.
(c)
 
 
 
                           
SECTION 3.1
Delivery of Certificated Securities Collateral
.  Each Pledgor represents and warrants that all certificates, agreements or instruments representing or evidencing the Securities Collateral in existence on the date hereof have been delivered to the Collateral Agent in suitable form for transfer by delivery or accompanied by duly executed instruments of transfer or assignment in blank and that the Collateral Agent has a valid, enforceable, perfected first priority security interest therein (subject to Permitted Collateral Liens).  Each Pledgor hereby agrees that all certificates, agreements or instruments representing or evidencing Securities Collateral acquired by such Pledgor after the date hereof shall promptly (and in any event within five Business Days) upon receipt thereof by such Pledgor be delivered to and held by or on behalf of the Collateral Agent pursuant hereto.  All certificated Securities Collateral shall be in suitable form for transfer by delivery or shall be accompanied by duly executed instruments of transfer or assignment in blank, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent.  The Collateral Agent shall have the right, at any time upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, to endorse, assign or otherwise transfer to or to register in the name of the Collateral Agent or any of its nominees or endorse for negotiation any or all of the Securities Collateral, without any indication that such Securities Collateral is subject to the security interest hereunder.  In addition, the Collateral Agent shall have the right at any time in its reasonable discretion to exchange certificates representing or evidencing Securities Collateral for certificates of smaller or larger denominations.
 
 
10
 
 
                           
SECTION 3.2
Perfection of Uncertificated Securities Collateral
.  Each Pledgor represents and warrants that the Collateral Agent has a valid, enforceable, perfected first priority security interest (subject to Permitted Collateral Liens) in all uncertificated Pledged Securities pledged by it hereunder that are in existence on the date hereof.  Each Pledgor hereby agrees that if any issuer of Pledged Securities is organized in a jurisdiction that does not require the use of certificates to evidence equity ownership or any of the Pledged Securities are at any time not evidenced by certificates of ownership, then each applicable Pledgor shall, (i) if necessary to perfect a first priority security interest (subject to Permitted Collateral Liens) in such Pledged Securities, cause such pledge to be recorded on the equityholder register or the books of the issuer, cause the issuer to execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent an acknowledgment of the pledge of such Pledged Securities substantially in the form of annexed hereto, execute any customary pledge forms or other documents necessary or appropriate to complete the pledge and give the Collateral Agent the right to transfer such Pledged Securities under the terms hereof and, upon the Collateral Agents reasonable request, provide to the Collateral Agent an opinion of counsel, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, confirming such pledge and perfection thereof and (ii) to the extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, cause such Pledged Securities to become certificated and delivered to the Collateral Agent in accordance with the provisions of .
Exhibit 1
Section 3.1
 
                           
SECTION 3.3
Financing Statements and Other Filings; Maintenance of Perfected Security Interest
.  Each Pledgor represents and warrants that the only filings, registrations and recordings necessary to perfect the security interest granted by each Pledgor to the Collateral Agent in respect of the Pledged Collateral (to the extent that a security interest therein may be perfected by filing a financing statement or filing the Security Agreement or a short form thereof with the United States Copyright Office or the United States Patent and Trademark Office) are listed on hereto.  All such filings, registrations and recordings have been delivered to the Collateral Agent in completed and, to the extent necessary or appropriate, duly executed form for filing in each applicable governmental, municipal or other office specified in hereto.  Each Pledgor agrees that at the sole cost and expense of the Pledgors, (i) such Pledgor will maintain the security interest created by this Agreement in the Pledged Collateral as a valid, enforceable, perfected first priority security interest (subject to Permitted Collateral Liens) and shall defend such security interest against the claims and demands of all persons, (ii) such Pledgor shall furnish to the Collateral Agent from time to time statements and schedules further identifying and describing the Pledged Collateral and such other reports in connection with the Pledged Collateral as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request, all in reasonable detail and (iii) at any time and from time to time, upon the written request of the Collateral Agent, such Pledgor shall promptly and duly execute and deliver, and file and have recorded, such further instruments and documents and take such further action as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request for the purpose of obtaining or preserving the full benefits of this Agreement and the rights and powers herein granted, including (x) the filing of any financing statements and amendments thereof, continuation statements and other documents (including this Agreement) under the UCC (or other similar laws) in effect in any jurisdiction with respect to the security interest created hereby and (y) the execution and delivery of Control Agreements, all in form reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and in such offices (including the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United States Copyright Office) wherever required by applicable Legal Requirements to perfect (to the extent a security interest in such Pledged Collateral may be so perfected under applicable Legal Requirements), continue and maintain a valid, enforceable, first priority security interest (subject to Permitted Collateral Liens) in the Pledged Collateral as provided herein and to preserve the other rights and interests granted to the Collateral Agent hereunder, as against third parties, with respect to the Pledged Collateral.
Schedule 1
Schedule 1
 
                           
SECTION 3.4
Other Actions
.  In order to further ensure the attachment, perfection and priority of, and the ability of the Collateral Agent to enforce, the Collateral Agents security interest in the Pledged Collateral, each Pledgor represents and warrants and covenants as follows, in each case at such Pledgors own expense, to take the following actions with respect to the following Pledged Collateral:
 
 
11
 
 
           .  As of the date hereof, each Pledgor hereby represents and warrants that (i) no amounts individually or in the aggregate in excess of $250,000 payable under or in connection with any of the Pledged Collateral are evidenced by any Instrument or Tangible Chattel Paper other than the Intercompany Note and the Instruments and Tangible Chattel Paper listed on to the Perfection Certificate, (ii) the Intercompany Note has been properly assigned and delivered to the Collateral Agent, accompanied by an endorsement to the Intercompany Note in the form attached thereto duly executed in blank by each Pledgor and (iii) each such Instrument and each such item of Tangible Chattel Paper individually or in the aggregate in excess of $250,000 has been properly endorsed, assigned and delivered to the Collateral Agent, accompanied by instruments of transfer or assignment duly executed in blank.  If any amount, individually or in the aggregate, in excess of $250,000 then payable under or in connection with any of the Pledged Collateral shall be evidenced by any Instrument or Tangible Chattel Paper, the Pledgor acquiring such Instrument or Tangible Chattel Paper shall promptly (and in any event within five Business Days) endorse, assign and deliver the same to the Collateral Agent, accompanied by such instruments of transfer or assignment duly executed in blank as the Collateral Agent may from time to time reasonably request; , that so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, upon written request by such Pledgor, the Collateral Agent shall promptly (and in any event within five Business Days) return such Instrument (other than the Intercompany Note) or Tangible Chattel Paper to such Pledgor from time to time, to the extent necessary for collection in the ordinary course of such Pledgors business.
(a)
Instruments and Tangible Chattel Paper
Schedule 12
provided, however
 
           .  Each Pledgor hereby represents and warrants that (i) as of the date hereof, each Pledgor has neither opened nor maintains any Deposit Accounts in which the Pledgors maintain an average daily balance in excess of $100,000, individually or in the aggregate, other than the accounts listed on to the Perfection Certificate, (ii) as of the date hereof, each applicable Pledgor and the relevant Bank(s) have executed and delivered a Deposit Account Control Agreement with respect to each of the Deposit Accounts (other than Excluded Accounts) listed on to the Perfection Certificate or the Pledgors have closed such accounts, and (iii) the Collateral Agent has a valid, enforceable, perfected first priority security interest (subject to Permitted Collateral Liens) in such Deposit Accounts by Control.  No Pledgor shall hereafter establish and maintain any Deposit Account (other than any Excluded Account) in which the Pledgors customarily maintain in excess of $100,000, individually or in the aggregate, unless (1) the applicable Pledgor shall have given the Collateral Agent five Business Days prior written notice of its intention to establish such new Deposit Account with a Bank, (2) such Bank shall be reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent and (3) such Bank and such Pledgor shall have duly executed and delivered to the Collateral Agent a Deposit Account Control Agreement (or an amendment to an existing Deposit Account Control Agreement) with respect to such Deposit Account.  The Collateral Agent shall not give any instructions directing the disposition of funds from time to time credited to any Deposit Account or withhold any withdrawal rights from such Pledgor with respect to funds from time to time credited to any Deposit Account unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or, after giving effect to any withdrawal, would occur.  The provisions of this shall not apply to any Excluded Accounts or to any other Deposit Accounts for which the Collateral Agent is the Bank.  No Pledgor has granted or shall grant Control of any Deposit Account (including any Excluded Account) to any person other than the Collateral Agent.
(b)
Deposit Accounts
Schedule 16
Schedule 16
Section 3.4(b)
 
 
12
 
 
           .   Each Pledgor hereby represents and warrants that (1) as of the date hereof, it has neither opened nor maintains any Securities Accounts or Commodity Accounts in which the amount and/or fair market value, individually or in the aggregate, of the financial assets and/or commodity contracts, as the case may be, held from time to time in all such accounts does not exceed $100,000, other than those listed on to the Perfection Certificate, (2) as of the date hereof, each applicable Pledgor and the relevant Securities Intermediary or Commodity Intermediary have executed and delivered a Securities Account Control Agreement or Commodity Account Control Agreement, as applicable, for each Securities Account or Commodity Account listed on to the Perfection Certificate, or the Pledgors have closed such accounts, (3) the Collateral Agent has a valid, enforceable, perfected first priority security interest (other than Permitted Collateral Liens) in such Securities Accounts and Commodity Accounts by Control, and (4) it does not hold, own or have any interest in any certificated securities or uncertificated securities other than those constituting Pledged Securities and those maintained in Securities Accounts or Commodity Accounts listed on to the Perfection Certificate or in respect of which the Collateral Agent has Control.  If any Pledgor shall at any time hold or acquire any certificated securities constituting Investment Property and having a fair market value, individually or in the aggregate, in excess of $100,000, such Pledgor shall promptly (and in any event within five Business Days of acquiring such security) (a) endorse, assign and deliver the same to the Collateral Agent, accompanied by such instruments of transfer or assignment duly executed in blank, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent or (b) deliver such securities into a Securities Account (other than an Excluded Account) with respect to which a Control Agreement is in effect in favor of the Collateral Agent.  If any securities now or hereafter acquired by any Pledgor constituting Investment Property and having a fair market value, individually or in the aggregate, in excess of $100,000 are uncertificated and are issued to such Pledgor or its nominee directly by the issuer thereof, such Pledgor shall promptly (and in any event within five Business Days of acquiring such security) notify the Collateral Agent thereof and pursuant to an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, either (a) cause the issuer to agree to comply with Entitlement Orders or other instructions from the Collateral Agent as to such securities, without further consent of any Pledgor or such nominee, (b) cause a Security Entitlement with respect to such uncertificated security to be held in a Securities Account (other than an Excluded Account) with respect to which the Collateral Agent has Control or (c) arrange for the Collateral Agent to become the registered owner of the securities.  The Pledgors shall not hereafter establish and maintain any Securities Account or Commodity Account with any Securities Intermediary or Commodity Intermediary unless (1) the applicable Pledgor shall have given the Collateral Agent 30 days prior written notice of its intention to establish such new Securities Account or Commodity Account with such Securities Intermediary or Commodity Intermediary, (2) such Securities Intermediary or Commodity Intermediary shall be reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent and (3) except in the case of an Excluded Account, such Securities Intermediary or Commodity Intermediary, as the case may be, and such Pledgor shall have duly executed and delivered a Control Agreement with respect to such Securities Account or Commodity Account, as the case may be.  The Collateral Agent shall not give any Entitlement Orders or instructions or directions to any issuer of uncertificated securities, Securities Intermediary or Commodity Intermediary, and shall not withhold its consent to the exercise of any withdrawal or dealing rights by such Pledgor, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or, after giving effect to any such investment and withdrawal rights, would occur.  The provisions of this shall not apply to any Financial Assets credited to a Securities Account for which the Collateral Agent is the Securities Intermediary.  No Pledgor shall grant Control over any Investment Property (including any Excluded Account) to any person other than the Collateral Agent.
(c)
Securities Accounts and Commodity Accounts
(i)
Schedule 16
Schedule 16
Schedule 16
Section 3.4(c)
 
(ii)           As between the Collateral Agent and the Pledgors, the Pledgors shall bear the investment risk with respect to the Investment Property and Pledged Securities, and the risk of loss of, damage to, or the destruction of the Investment Property and Pledged Securities, whether in the possession of, or maintained as a security entitlement or deposit by, or subject to the control of, the Collateral Agent, a Securities Intermediary, Commodity Intermediary, any Pledgor or any other person; , that nothing contained in this shall release or relieve any Securities Intermediary or Commodity Intermediary of its duties and obligations to the Pledgors or any other person under any Control Agreement or under applicable Legal Requirements.  Each Pledgor shall promptly pay all Charges and fees of whatever kind or nature with respect to the Investment Property and Pledged Securities pledged by it under this Agreement.  In the event any Pledgor shall fail to make such payment contemplated in the immediately preceding sentence, the Collateral Agent may do so for the account of such Pledgor and the Pledgors shall promptly reimburse and indemnify the Collateral Agent from all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Collateral Agent under this in accordance with of the Credit Agreement.
provided, however
Section 3.4(c)
Section 3.4(c)
Section 10.03
 
 
13
 
 
           .  If any amount, individually or in the aggregate, in excess of $100,000 or payable under or in connection with any of the Pledged Collateral is evidenced by any Electronic Chattel Paper or any transferable record (as that term is defined in Section 201 of the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, or in Section 16 of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act as in effect in any relevant jurisdiction), the Pledgor acquiring such Electronic Chattel Paper or transferable record shall promptly (and in any event within 10 days of the acquisition thereof) notify the Collateral Agent thereof and shall take such action as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request to vest in the Collateral Agent control under UCC Section 9-105 of such Electronic Chattel Paper or control under Section 201 of the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act or, as the case may be, Section 16 of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, as so in effect in such jurisdiction, of such transferable record.  The Collateral Agent agrees with such Pledgor that the Collateral Agent will arrange, pursuant to procedures reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and so long as such procedures will not result in the Collateral Agents loss of control, for the Pledgor to make alterations to the Electronic Chattel Paper or transferable record permitted under UCC Section 9-105 or, as the case may be, Section 201 of the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act or Section 16 of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act for a party in control to allow without loss of control, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would occur after taking into account any action by such Pledgor with respect to such Electronic Chattel Paper or transferable record.
(d)
Electronic Chattel Paper and Transferable Records
 
           .  If any Pledgor is at any time a beneficiary under a Letter of Credit now or hereafter issued in favor of such Pledgor, other than (i) a Letter of Credit issued pursuant to the Credit Agreement or (ii) a Letter of Credit that is a supporting obligation (as defined in Section 9-102 of the UCC) with respect to other Pledged Collateral,  in which the Collateral Agent has a valid, enforceable, perfected first priority security interest (subject to Permitted Collateral Liens) in an amount individually or in the aggregate in excess of $250,000, such Pledgor shall promptly (and in any event within five Business Days of becoming a beneficiary thereunder) notify the Collateral Agent thereof and such Pledgor shall, at the reasonable request of the Collateral Agent, pursuant to an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, either (i) arrange for the issuer and any confirmer or other nominated person of such Letter of Credit to consent to an assignment to the Collateral Agent of the proceeds of any drawing under the Letter of Credit or (ii) arrange for the Collateral Agent to become the transferee beneficiary of such Letter of Credit, with the Collateral Agent agreeing, in each case, that the proceeds of any drawing under the Letter of Credit are to be applied as provided in the Credit Agreement.
(e)
Letter-of-Credit Rights
 
           .  As of the date hereof, each Pledgor hereby represents and warrants that it holds no Commercial Tort Claims having a value reasonably believed by the Pledgors to be, individually or in the aggregate, in excess of $250,000, other than those (if any) listed on to the Perfection Certificate.  If any Pledgor shall at any time hold or acquire a Commercial Tort Claim having a value reasonably believed by the Pledgors to be, individually or in the aggregate, in excess of $250,000, such Pledgor shall promptly (and in any event within five Business Days of acquiring such Commercial Tort Claim) notify the Collateral Agent in writing signed by such Pledgor of the brief details thereof and grant to the Collateral Agent in such writing a security interest therein and in the Proceeds thereof, all upon the terms of this Agreement, with such writing to be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent.
(f)
Commercial Tort Claims
Schedule 15
 
           .  If any Equipment or Inventory (other than Equipment or Inventory leased to a franchisee in the ordinary course of business) with a fair market value individually or in the aggregate in excess of $100,000 is in possession or control of any third party, including any warehouseman, landlord, lessor, bailee or agent, the Pledgors shall notify the Collateral Agent thereof and notify the third party of the Collateral Agents security interest therein and obtain an acknowledgment (a ) from such third party that (i) it is holding the Equipment and Inventory for the benefit of the Collateral Agent and (ii) such party will comply with instructions from the Collateral Agent with respect to such Pledged Collateral, without further consent of any Pledgors.
(g)
Pledged Collateral in the Possession of a Third Party
Bailee Letter
 
 
14
 
 
                           
SECTION 3.5
Joinder of Additional Guarantors
.  The Pledgors shall cause each Subsidiary of Borrower that, from time to time, after the date hereof shall be required to pledge any assets to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties pursuant to the Credit Agreement, (a) to execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent (i) a Joinder Agreement within 30 days after the date on which it was acquired or created and (ii) a Perfection Certificate within 30 days after the date on which it was acquired or created and/or (b) in the case of a Subsidiary organized outside of the United States required to pledge any assets to the Collateral Agent, execute and deliver such documentation as the Collateral Agent shall reasonably request and, in each case, upon such execution and delivery, such Subsidiary shall constitute a Guarantor and a Pledgor for all purposes hereunder with the same force and effect as if originally named as a Guarantor and Pledgor herein.  The execution and delivery of such Joinder Agreement shall not require the consent of any Pledgor hereunder.  The rights and obligations of each Pledgor hereunder shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding the addition of any new Guarantor and Pledgor as a party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document.
 
                           
SECTION 3.6
Supplements; Further Assurances
.  Each Pledgor shall take such further actions, and execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent such additional assignments, agreements, supplements, powers and instruments, as the Collateral Agent may in its reasonable judgment deem necessary, wherever required by applicable Legal Requirements, in order to perfect, preserve and protect the security interest in the Pledged Collateral as provided herein and the rights and interests granted to the Collateral Agent hereunder, to carry into effect the purposes hereof or better to assure and confirm unto the Collateral Agent the Pledged Collateral or permit the Collateral Agent to exercise and enforce its rights, powers and remedies hereunder with respect to any Pledged Collateral.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Pledgor shall make, execute, endorse, acknowledge, file or refile and/or deliver to the Collateral Agent from time to time upon reasonable request such lists, descriptions and designations of the Pledged Collateral, copies of warehouse receipts, receipts in the nature of warehouse receipts, bills of lading, documents of title, vouchers, invoices, schedules, confirmatory assignments, supplements, additional security agreements, conveyances, financing statements, transfer endorsements, powers of attorney, certificates, reports and other assurances or instruments as the Collateral Agent shall reasonably request.  If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Collateral Agent may institute and maintain, in its own name or in the name of any Pledgor, such suits and proceedings as the Collateral Agent may be advised by counsel shall be necessary or expedient to prevent any impairment of the security interest in the Pledged Collateral or the perfection or priority thereof.  All of the foregoing shall be at the sole cost and expense of the Pledgors.
 
 
 
Each Pledgor represents, warrants and covenants as follows:
 
SECTION 4.1                           
Title
.  Except for the security interest granted to the Collateral Agent for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties pursuant to this Agreement and Permitted Collateral Liens, such Pledgor owns (or either owns or has a License to, in the case of Intellectual Property) and, as to Pledged Collateral acquired by it from time to time after the date hereof, will either own or hold a License to the rights in each item of Pledged Collateral pledged by it hereunder free and clear of any and all Liens or claims of others (except Permitted Collateral Liens). Such Pledgor has not filed, nor authorized any third party to file a financing statement or other public notice with respect to all or any part of the Pledged Collateral on file or of record in any public office, except such as have been filed in favor of the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement or as are permitted by the Credit Agreement or otherwise relate to Permitted Collateral Liens or financing statements or public notices relating to the termination statements listed on to the Perfection Certificate. No person other than any Pledgor or the Collateral Agent has, or will have, control or possession of all or any part of the Pledged Collateral, except as expressly permitted by the Loan Documents.
Schedule 9(a)
 
 
15
 
 
                           
SECTION 4.2
Validity of Security Interest
.  The security interest in and Lien on the Pledged Collateral granted to the Collateral Agent for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties hereunder constitutes (a) a legal and valid security interest in all the Pledged Collateral securing the payment and performance of the Secured Obligations, and (b) subject to the filings and other actions described in hereto, a valid, enforceable, and except to the extent otherwise expressly permitted under Article III, perfected first priority security interest (other than Permitted Collateral Liens) in all the Pledged Collateral. The security interest and Lien granted to the Collateral Agent for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties pursuant to this Agreement in and on the Pledged Collateral will at all times constitute a valid, enforceable, and except to the extent otherwise expressly permitted under Article III, perfected, continuing first priority security interest therein, subject only to Permitted Collateral Liens.
Schedule 1
 
                           
SECTION 4.3
Defense of Claims;  Transferability of Pledged Collateral
.  Each Pledgor shall, at its own cost and expense, use commercially reasonable efforts to defend title to the Pledged Collateral pledged by it hereunder and the security interest therein granted to the Collateral Agent and the priority thereof (subject to Permitted Collateral Liens) required hereunder against all claims and demands of all persons, at its own cost and expense, at any time claiming any interest therein adverse to the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party. There is no agreement that restricts the transferability of any material portion of the Pledged Collateral or otherwise materially impairs or conflicts with any Pledgors obligations or the rights of the Collateral Agent hereunder, and the Pledgors shall not enter into any agreement or take any other action that would restrict the transferability of any material portion of the Pledged Collateral or otherwise materially impair or conflict with any Pledgors obligations or the rights of the Collateral Agent hereunder.
 
                           
SECTION 4.4
Other Financing Statements
.  No Pledgor has filed, nor authorized any third party to file (nor will there be) any valid or effective financing statement (or similar statement or instrument of registration under the law of any jurisdiction) covering or purporting to cover any interest of any kind in the Pledged Collateral other than financing statements and other statements and instruments relating to Permitted Collateral Liens.  So long as any of the Secured Obligations remain unpaid and unperformed, no Pledgor shall execute, authorize or permit to be filed in any public office any financing statement (or similar statement or instrument of registration under the law of any jurisdiction) relating to any Pledged Collateral, except financing statements and other statements and instruments filed or to be filed in respect of and covering the security interests granted by such Pledgor to the holder(s) of Permitted Collateral Liens.
 
                           
SECTION 4.5
  
Chief Executive Office; Change of Name; Jurisdiction of Organization, etc.
Such Pledgor shall, (i) unless it shall have given the Collateral Agent not less than 30 days prior written notice (in the form of an Officers Certificate), not change its name, identity, legal structure (whether by merger, consolidation, change in corporate form or otherwise), type of organization or jurisdiction of organization or organizational identification number if it has one and (ii) take all actions necessary or advisable to maintain the continuous validity, perfection and the same or better priority (subject to Permitted Collateral Liens) of the Collateral Agents security interest in the Pledged Collateral granted or intended to be granted hereunder, which in the case of any merger or other change in organizational structure shall include delivering a written notice (in the form of an Officers Certificate) upon completion of such merger or other change in organizational structure confirming the grant of the security interest under this Agreement.  Unless it shall have given the Collateral Agent prior written notice (in the form of an Officers Certificate), such Pledgor shall not change its chief executive office, place of business or its mailing address. If such Pledgor does not have an organizational identification number and later obtains one, such Pledgor shall forthwith notify the Collateral Agent of such organizational identification number. The Collateral Agent may rely on opinions of counsel as to whether any or all UCC financing statements of the Pledgors need to be amended as a result of any of the changes described in this Section 4.5.  The Collateral Agent shall not be liable or responsible to any party for any failure to maintain a valid, enforceable, perfected security interest with the priority required hereunder in such Pledgors property constituting Pledged Collateral. The Collateral Agent shall have no duty to inquire about such changes, the parties acknowledging and agreeing that it would not be feasible or practical for the Collateral Agent to search for information on such changes if such information is not provided by any Pledgor.
 
 
16
 
 
                           
SECTION 4.6
Location of Inventory and Equipment
.  As of the date hereof, all Equipment and Inventory of such Pledgor, individually or in the aggregate with a fair market value in excess of $250,000, is located at the chief executive office or such other location listed on or to the Perfection Certificate. Such Pledgor shall not move any Equipment or Inventory, with a fair market value individually or in the aggregate in excess of $250,000, to any location other than (x) the chief executive office, (y) any other location listed on or to the Perfection Certificate, until (i) it shall have given the Collateral Agent not less than 20 days prior written notice (in the form of an Officers Certificate) of its intention so to do, clearly describing such new location within the continental United States and providing such other information in connection therewith as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request and (ii) with respect to such new location, such Pledgor shall have taken all action reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent to maintain the perfection and priority (subject to Permitted Collateral Liens) of the security interest of the Collateral Agent in the Pledged Collateral intended to be granted hereby, including, to the extent required under Section 3.4(g), obtaining waivers of landlords or warehousemens and/or bailees liens with respect to such new location, if applicable, and if reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent. Such Pledgor agrees to provide the Collateral Agent with prompt notice following the movement of any Equipment or Inventory, individually or in the aggregate with a fair market value in excess of $250,000, to any location other than one that is listed in or to the Perfection Certificate.
Schedule 2(a), 2(b), 2(c)
2(d)
Schedule 2(a), 2(b), 2(c)
2(d)
Schedule 2(a), 2(b), 2(c)
2(d)
 
                           
SECTION 4.7
Corporate Names; Prior Transactions
.  Except as set forth in and to the Perfection Certificate, such Pledgor has not, during the past five years, been known by or used any other corporate or fictitious name or been a party to any merger or consolidation, or acquired all or substantially all of the assets of any person, or acquired any of its property or assets out of the ordinary course of business.
Schedules 1(a)
(b)
 
                           
SECTION 4.8
Due Authorization and Issuance
.  All of the Initial Pledged Shares have been, and to the extent any Pledged Shares are hereafter issued, such Pledged Shares will be, upon such issuance, duly authorized, validly issued and fully paid and non-assessable.  All of the Initial Pledged Interests have been fully paid for, and there is no amount or other obligation owing by any Pledgor to any issuer of the Initial Pledged Interests in exchange for or in connection with the issuance of the Initial Pledged Interests or any Pledgors status as a partner or a member of any issuer of the Initial Pledged Interests.
 
                           
SECTION 4.9
Consents, etc.
 
 No consent of any party (including equityholders or creditors of such Pledgor) and no consent, authorization, approval, license or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any Governmental Authority or regulatory body or other person is required for the exercise by the Collateral Agent of (i) the voting or other rights provided for in this Agreement or (ii) the remedies in respect of the Pledged Collateral pursuant to this Agreement.  In the event that the Collateral Agent desires to exercise any remedies, voting or consensual rights or attorney-in-fact powers set forth in this Agreement and determines it necessary to obtain any approvals or consents of any Governmental Authority or regulatory body or any other person therefor, then, upon the reasonable request of the Collateral Agent, each Pledgor agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to assist and aid the Collateral Agent to obtain as soon as practicable any necessary approvals or consents for the exercise of any such remedies, rights and powers.
 
 
17
 
 
                           
SECTION 4.10
Pledged Collateral
.  All information set forth herein, including the schedules annexed hereto, and all information contained in any documents, schedules and lists heretofore delivered to any Secured Party, including the Perfection Certificate and the schedules thereto, in connection with this Agreement, in each case, relating to the Pledged Collateral, is accurate and complete in all material respects.
 
SECTION 4.11                           
Insurance
.  In the event that the proceeds of any insurance claim are paid after the Collateral Agent has exercised its right to foreclose after an Event of Default, such Net Cash Proceeds shall be paid to the Collateral Agent to satisfy any deficiency remaining after such foreclosure.  The Collateral Agent shall retain its interest in the insurance policies and coverages required to be maintained pursuant to the Credit Agreement during any redemption period.
 
                           
SECTION 4.12
Payment of Taxes; Compliance with Legal Requirements; Contesting Liens; Charges
.  Each Pledgor may at its own expense contest the validity, amount or applicability of any Charges so long as the contest thereof shall be conducted in accordance with, and permitted pursuant to the provisions of, the Credit Agreement.  Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, (i) no contest of any such obligation may be pursued by such Pledgor if such contest would expose the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party to (A) any possible criminal liability or (B) any civil liability for failure to comply with such obligations unless such Pledgor shall have furnished, if reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent or any Lender, a bond or other security therefor reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, or such Secured Party, as the case may be, and (ii) if at any time payment or performance of any obligation contested by such Pledgor pursuant to this shall become necessary to prevent the imposition of remedies because of non-payment, such Pledgor shall pay or perform the same in sufficient time to prevent the imposition of remedies in respect of such default or prospective default.
Section 4.12
 
                           
SECTION 4.13
Access to Pledged Collateral, Books and Records; Other Information
.  Each Pledgor shall permit representatives of the Collateral Agent or any Secured Party upon reasonable notice to visit and inspect any of its assets or properties, including to conduct any environmental assessments, sampling, testing or monitoring of the Mortgaged Property (such visits and inspections to be limited to one visit and inspection coordinated by the Collateral Agent per fiscal year so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), and examine and make abstracts from any of its books and records (including insurance policies) at any reasonable time and upon reasonable notice.  Such Pledgor shall, at any and all times, within a reasonable time after written request by the Collateral Agent, furnish or cause to be furnished to the Collateral Agent, in such manner and in such detail as may be reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent, additional information with respect to the Pledged Collateral.  If a Default occurs and is continuing, the Collateral Agent shall have the right, but not the obligation, to access any Mortgaged Property to undertake any Response that the Collateral Agent in its sole but reasonable discretion deems appropriate at the sole but reasonable cost and expense of the Pledgors.
 
 
 
                           
SECTION 5.1
Pledge of Additional Securities Collateral
.  Each Pledgor shall, upon obtaining any Pledged Securities or intercompany notes of any person (other than Excluded Property), accept the same in trust for the benefit of the Collateral Agent and promptly (and in any event within five Business Days thereafter) deliver to the Collateral Agent a Securities Pledge Amendment, duly executed by such Pledgor, and the certificates and other documents required under and in respect of the additional Pledged Securities or intercompany notes that are to be pledged pursuant to this Agreement, and confirming the attachment of the Lien hereby created on and in respect of such additional Pledged Securities or intercompany notes.  Each Pledgor hereby authorizes the Collateral Agent to attach each Securities Pledge Amendment to this Agreement and agrees that all Pledged Securities or intercompany notes listed on any Securities Pledge Amendment delivered to the Collateral Agent shall for all purposes hereunder be considered Pledged Collateral.
Section 3.1
Section 3.2
 
 
18
 
 
                           
SECTION 5.2
Voting Rights; Distributions; etc.
 
So long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing:
(i)           
 
(A)           Each Pledgor shall be entitled to exercise any and all voting and other consensual rights pertaining to the Securities Collateral or any part thereof for any purpose not inconsistent with the terms or purposes hereof, the Loan Documents or any other document evidencing the Secured Obligations; that no Pledgor shall in any event exercise such rights in any manner that is disadvantageous to any Agent or Lender in any material respect; and
provided, however,
 
(B)           Each Pledgor shall be entitled to receive and retain, and to utilize free and clear of the Lien hereof, any and all Distributions, but only if and to the extent made in accordance with the provisions of the Credit Agreement; , that any and all such Distributions consisting of rights or interests in the form of Pledged Securities or Intercompany Notes shall promptly (and in any event within five Business Days after receipt thereof) be delivered to the Collateral Agent to hold as Pledged Collateral and shall, if received by any Pledgor, be received in trust for the benefit of the Collateral Agent, be segregated from the other property or funds of such Pledgor and be forthwith delivered to the Collateral Agent as Pledged Collateral in the same form as so received (with any necessary or reasonably requested endorsement).
provided, however
 
(ii)           Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default:
 
(A)           All rights of each Pledgor to exercise the voting and other consensual rights it would otherwise be entitled to exercise pursuant to shall cease, and all such rights shall thereupon become vested in the Collateral Agent, which shall thereupon have the sole right to exercise such voting and other consensual rights until the applicable Event of Default is no longer continuing, in which case the Collateral Agents rights under this shall cease to be effective, subject to revesting in the event of a subsequent Event of Default that is continuing; and
Section 5.2(i)(A)
Section 5.2(ii)(A)
 
(B)           All rights of each Pledgor to receive Distributions that it would otherwise be authorized to receive and retain pursuant to without further action shall cease and all such rights shall thereupon become vested in the Collateral Agent, which shall thereupon have the sole right to receive and hold as Pledged Collateral such Distributions until the applicable Event of Default is no longer continuing, in which case the Collateral Agents rights under this shall cease to be effective, subject to revesting in the event of a subsequent Event of Default that is continuing.
Section 5.2(i)(B)
Section 5.2(ii)(B)
 
(iii)           Each Pledgor shall, at its sole cost and expense, from time to time execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent appropriate instruments as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request in order to permit the Collateral Agent to exercise the voting and other rights which it may be entitled to exercise pursuant to and to receive all Distributions which it may be entitled to receive under .
Section 5.2(ii)(A)
Section 5.2(ii)(B)
 
 
19
 
 
(iv)           All Distributions that are received by any Pledgor contrary to the provisions of shall be received in trust for the benefit of the Collateral Agent, shall be segregated from the other funds of such Pledgor and shall immediately be paid over to the Collateral Agent as Pledged Collateral in the same form as so received (with any necessary or reasonably requested endorsement).
Section 5.2(ii)(B)
 
                           
SECTION 5.3
Organizational Documents
.  As of the date hereof, each Pledgor has delivered to the Collateral Agent true, correct, and complete copies of the Organizational Documents of such Pledgor.  As of the date hereof, the Organizational Documents of the Pledgors are in full force and effect, have not as of the date hereof been amended or modified except as disclosed in writing to the Collateral Agent, and there is no existing default by any party thereunder or any event which, with the giving of notice or passage of time or both, would constitute a default under any Organizational Documents.  No Pledgor will terminate or agree to terminate any Organizational Documents or make any amendment or modification to any Organization Documents if such termination, agreement to terminate, amendment or modification could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
SECTION 5.4                           
Default
.  As of the date hereof, such Pledgor is not in default in the payment of any portion of any mandatory capital contribution, if any, required to be made under any agreement to which such Pledgor is a party relating to the Pledged Securities pledged by it, and such Pledgor is not in violation of any other provisions of any such agreement to which such Pledgor is a party, or otherwise in default or violation thereunder.  As of the date hereof, no Securities Collateral pledged by such Pledgor is subject to any defense, offset or counterclaim, nor have any of the foregoing been asserted or alleged against such Pledgor by any person with respect thereto, and as of the date hereof, there are no certificates, instruments, documents or other writings (other than the Organizational Documents of such Pledgor and certificates, if any, delivered to the Collateral Agent) which evidence any Pledged Securities of such Pledgor.
 
                           
SECTION 5.5
Certain Agreements of Pledgors as Issuers and Holders of Equity Interests
.  In the case of each Pledgor that is an issuer of Securities Collateral, such Pledgor agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement relating to the Securities Collateral issued by it and will comply with such terms insofar as such terms are applicable to it.
 
(i)           In the case of each Pledgor that is a partner, member or holder of any Equity Interests in a partnership, limited liability company or other entity, such Pledgor hereby consents to the extent required by the applicable Organizational Documents of such Pledgor to the pledge by each other Pledgor, pursuant to the terms hereof, of the Pledged Interests in such partnership, limited liability company or other entity and, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, to the transfer of such Pledged Interests to the Collateral Agent or its nominee and to the substitution of the Collateral Agent or its nominee as a substituted partner, member or holder of Equity Interests in such partnership, limited liability company or other entity with all the rights, powers and duties of a general partner, a limited partner, member or holder of Equity Interests, as the case may be.
 
 
 
                           
SECTION 6.1
Grant of License
.  For the purpose of enabling the Collateral Agent, during the continuance of an Event of Default, to exercise rights and remedies under hereof at such time as the Collateral Agent shall be lawfully entitled to exercise such rights and remedies, and for no other purpose, each Pledgor hereby grants to the Collateral Agent, to the extent licensable, exercisable solely upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, an irrevocable, non-exclusive worldwide license (exercisable without payment of royalty or other compensation to such Pledgor) to use, assign, license sublicense or otherwise dispose of the Intellectual Property Collateral now owned or hereafter acquired by such Pledgor (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any License that by its terms is prohibited from being so licensed to the extent constituting Excluded Property), wherever the same may be located.  Such license shall include access to all media in which any of the licensed items may be recorded or stored and to all computer programs used for the compilation or printout hereof.
Article VIII
 
 
20
 
 
                           
SECTION 6.2
Registration
.  Except pursuant to material licenses and other user agreement entered into by any Pledgor in the ordinary course of business, on and as of the date hereof (i) each Pledgor owns and/or possesses the right to use, and has done nothing to authorize or enable any other person to use, any Copyright, Patent or Trademark listed on , and to the Perfection Certificate, and (ii) all registrations listed on , and to the Perfection Certificate are valid and in full force and effect.
Schedules 14(a)
(b)
(c)
Schedules 14(a)
(b)
(c)
 
                           
SECTION 6.3
No Violations or Proceedings
.  On and as of the date hereof, (i) there is no material violation by others of any right of such Pledgor with respect to any Copyright, Patent or Trademark listed on , and to the Perfection Certificate, respectively, pledged by it under the name of such Pledgor, (ii) such Pledgor is not infringing upon any Copyright, Patent or Trademark of any other person other than such infringement that, individually or in the aggregate, would not (and could not reasonably be expected to) result in a material adverse effect on the value or utility of the Intellectual Property Collateral or any portion thereof material to the use and operation of the Pledged Collateral or the Mortgaged Property and (iii) no proceedings have been instituted or are pending against such Pledgor or, to such Pledgors knowledge, threatened, and no such claim against such Pledgor has been received by such Pledgor since September 29, 2010 alleging any such violation.
Schedules 14(a)
(b)
(c)
 
                           
SECTION 6.4
Protection of Collateral Agent's Security
.  On a continuing basis, each Pledgor shall, at its sole cost and expense, (i) promptly following its becoming aware thereof, notify the Collateral Agent of (A) any materially adverse determination in any proceeding in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office with respect to any material Patent, Trademark or Copyright or (B) the institution of any proceeding or any adverse determination in any federal, state or local court or administrative body regarding such Pledgors claim of ownership in or right to use any of the Intellectual Property Collateral material to the use and operation of the Pledged Collateral or any Mortgaged Property, its right to register such Intellectual Property Collateral or its right to keep and maintain such registration in full force and effect, (ii) maintain and protect the Intellectual Property Collateral material to the use and operation of the Pledged Collateral or any Mortgaged Property as presently used and operated and as contemplated by the Credit Agreement, (iii) not permit to lapse or become abandoned any Intellectual Property Collateral material to the use and operation of the Pledged Collateral or any Mortgaged Property as presently used and operated and as contemplated by the Credit Agreement, and not settle or compromise any pending or future litigation or administrative proceeding with respect to such Intellectual Property Collateral without the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent, (iv) upon such Pledgor obtaining knowledge thereof, promptly notify the Collateral Agent in writing of any event that may be reasonably expected to materially and adversely affect the value or utility of the Intellectual Property Collateral material to the use and operation of the Pledged Collateral or any Mortgaged Property, the ability of such Pledgor or the Collateral Agent to dispose of such Intellectual Property Collateral or any portion thereof or the rights and remedies of the Collateral Agent in relation thereto including a levy or written threat of levy or any legal process against such Intellectual Property Collateral owned or licensed by such Pledgor or any portion thereof, (v) not license the Intellectual Property Collateral other than licenses entered into by such Pledgor in, or incidental to, the ordinary course of business, or amend or permit the amendment of any of the licenses in a manner that materially and adversely affects the right to receive payments thereunder, or in any manner that would materially impair the value of the Intellectual Property Collateral or the Lien on and security interest in the Intellectual Property Collateral intended to be granted to the Collateral Agent for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties, without the consent of the Collateral Agent, (vi) diligently keep adequate records respecting the Intellectual Property Collateral and (vii) furnish to the Collateral Agent from time to time upon the Collateral Agents request therefor reasonably detailed statements and amended schedules further identifying and describing the Intellectual Property Collateral and such other materials evidencing or reports pertaining to the Intellectual Property Collateral as the Collateral Agent may from time to time request.
 
 
21
 
 
                           
SECTION 6.5
After-Acquired Property
.  If any Pledgor shall, at any time before the Secured Obligations have been paid and performed in full (other than contingent indemnification obligations that, pursuant to the provisions of the Credit Agreement or the Security Documents, survive the termination thereof), (i) obtain any rights to any additional Intellectual Property Collateral or (ii) become entitled to the benefit of any additional Intellectual Property Collateral or any renewal or extension thereof, including any reissue, division, continuation, or continuation-in-part of any Intellectual Property Collateral, or any improvement on any Intellectual Property Collateral, the provisions hereof shall automatically apply thereto and any such item enumerated in clause (i) or (ii) of this sentence with respect to such Pledgor shall automatically constitute Intellectual Property Collateral if such would have constituted Intellectual Property Collateral at the time of execution hereof and be subject to the Lien and security interest created by this Agreement without further action by any party (excluding any Intellectual Property Collateral that constitutes Excluded Property).  Each Pledgor shall promptly (i) provide to the Collateral Agent written notice of any of the foregoing and (ii) confirm the attachment of the Lien and security interest created by this Agreement to any rights described in clauses (i) and (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence of this by execution of an instrument in form reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent and the filing of any instruments or statements as shall be reasonably necessary or reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent to preserve, protect or perfect the Collateral Agents security interest in such Intellectual Property Collateral to the extent such security interest in such Intellectual Property Collateral may be perfected under applicable Legal Requirements.  Further, each Pledgor authorizes the Collateral Agent to modify this Agreement by amending to the Perfection Certificate to include any Intellectual Property Collateral acquired or arising after the date hereof of such Pledgor.
Section 6.5
Schedules 14(a) - (c)
 
SECTION 6.6                           
Litigation
.  Unless there shall occur and be continuing any Event of Default, each Pledgor shall have the right to commence and prosecute in its own name, as the party in interest, for its own benefit and at the sole cost and expense of the Pledgors, such applications for protection of the Intellectual Property Collateral and suits, proceedings or other actions to prevent the infringement, counterfeiting, unfair competition, dilution, diminution in value or other damage as are necessary to protect the Intellectual Property Collateral.  Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Collateral Agent shall have the right but shall in no way be obligated to file applications for protection of the Intellectual Property Collateral and/or bring suit in the name of any Pledgor, the Collateral Agent or the Secured Parties to enforce the Intellectual Property Collateral and any license thereunder.  In the event of such suit, each Pledgor shall, at the reasonable request of the Collateral Agent, do any and all lawful acts and execute any and all documents reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent in aid of such enforcement and the Pledgors shall promptly reimburse and indemnify the Collateral Agent for all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Collateral Agent in the exercise of its rights under this in accordance with of the Credit Agreement.  In the event that the Collateral Agent shall elect not to bring such suit to enforce the Intellectual Property Collateral, each Pledgor agrees, at the reasonable request of the Collateral Agent, to take all actions necessary, whether by suit, proceeding or other action, to prevent the infringement, counterfeiting, unfair competition, dilution, diminution in value of or other damage to any of the Intellectual Property Collateral by others and for that purpose agrees to diligently maintain any suit, proceeding or other action against any person so infringing necessary to prevent such infringement.
Section 6.6
Section 10.03
 
 
22
 
 
                           
SECTION 6.7
Intent-to-Use Trademark and Service Mark Applications
.  In connection with any intent-to-use trademark or service mark applications whether listed on to the Perfection Certificate or otherwise, the Pledgors shall file a bona fide statement of use and shall take such other actions or steps as shall be required by the United States Patent and Trademark Office, to entitle such application to registration within 10 Business Days following the date of first use in commerce of the mark that is the subject of such application.  Upon acceptance of such bona fide statement of use by the United States Patent and Trademark Office, such application shall automatically become subject to the security interest granted herein.  The Pledgors shall execute any further documents and instruments as the Collateral Agent reasonably may deem necessary or appropriate to confirm, implement, or enforce the Collateral Agents security interest in such applications.  If the Pledgors fail to execute such further documents and instruments within five Business Days of presentment, the Collateral Agent may, in the name of, and on behalf of, the Pledgors, execute such documents and instruments and make appropriate disposition of same, and the Pledgors hereby irrevocably appoint the Collateral Agent as their lawful attorney-in-fact with full power to do so.  The foregoing power of attorney is coupled with an interest and such appointment shall be irrevocable for the term hereof.
Schedule 14(b)
 
 
 
                           
SECTION 7.1
Special Representation and Warranties
.  As of the time when each of its Accounts arises, each Pledgor shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that such Account and all records, papers and documents relating thereto (i) are genuine and correct and in all material respects what they purport to be, subject to ordinary course accounts receivable adjustments and refunds, (ii) to the Pledgors knowledge, represent the legal, valid and binding obligation of the account debtor, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability, evidencing indebtedness unpaid and owed by such account debtor, arising out of the performance of labor or services or the sale, lease, license, assignment or other disposition and delivery of the goods or other property listed therein or out of an advance or a loan, (iii) will, in the case of an Account, except for the original or duplicate original invoice sent to purchase evidencing such purchasers account, be the only original writing evidencing and embodying such obligation of the account debtor named therein and (iv) are in all material respects in compliance and conform with all applicable Legal Requirements.
 
                           
SECTION 7.2
Maintenance of Records
.  Each Pledgor shall keep and maintain at its own cost and expense complete records of each Account, in a manner consistent with its customary business practice, including records of all payments received, all credits granted thereon, all merchandise returned and all other documentation relating thereto. Each Pledgor shall, at such Pledgors sole cost and expense, upon the Collateral Agents demand made at any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, deliver all tangible evidence of Accounts, including all documents evidencing Accounts and any books and records relating thereto to the Collateral Agent or to its representatives (copies of which evidence and books and records may be retained by such Pledgor). Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Collateral Agent may transfer a full and complete copy of any Pledgors books, records, credit information, reports, memoranda and all other writings relating to the Accounts to and for the use by any person that has acquired or is contemplating acquisition of an interest in the Accounts or the Collateral Agents security interest therein without the consent of any Pledgor, but subject at all times to Section 10.12 of the Credit Agreement.
 
SECTION 7.3                           
Legend
.  At the reasonable request of the Collateral Agent and in form and manner reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, at any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, each Pledgor shall legend the Accounts to the extent represented or evidenced by a written instrument and the other books, records and documents of such Pledgor evidencing or pertaining to the Accounts with an appropriate reference to the fact that the Accounts have been assigned for collateral purposes to the Collateral Agent for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties and that the Collateral Agent has a security interest therein.
 
 
23
 
 
                           
SECTION 7.4
Modification of Terms, etc.
 
 No Pledgor shall rescind or cancel any obligations evidenced by any Account or modify any term thereof or make any adjustment with respect thereto except in the ordinary course of business, or extend or renew any such obligations except in the ordinary course of business or compromise or settle any dispute, claim, suit or legal proceeding relating thereto or sell any Account or interest therein except in the ordinary course of business; in each case, without the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent.  Each Pledgor shall timely fulfill all obligations on its part to be fulfilled under or in connection with the Accounts.
 
SECTION 7.5                           
Collection
.  Each Pledgor shall cause to be collected from the account debtor of each of the Accounts, as and when due in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices (including Accounts that are delinquent, such Accounts to be collected in accordance with generally accepted commercial collection procedures), any and all amounts owing under or on account of such Account, and apply forthwith upon receipt thereof all such amounts as are so collected to the outstanding balance of such Account, except that any Pledgor may, with respect to an Account, allow in the ordinary course of business (i) accounts receivable adjustments or refunds and (ii) such extensions of time to pay amounts due in respect of Accounts and such other modifications of payment terms or settlements in respect of Accounts as shall be commercially reasonable in the circumstances, all in accordance with such Pledgors ordinary course of business consistent with its collection practices as in effect from time to time and in compliance with applicable Legal Requirements. The costs and expenses (including attorneys fees) of collection, in any case, whether incurred by any Pledgor, the Collateral Agent or any Secured Party, shall be paid by the Pledgors. Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit any Pledgor from writing off bad debt in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practices.
 
 
 
SECTION 8.1                           
Remedies
.  Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Collateral Agent may from time to time exercise in respect of the Pledged Collateral, in addition to the other rights and remedies provided for herein or otherwise available to it, the following remedies:
 
(i)           Personally, or by agents or attorneys, immediately take possession of the Pledged Collateral or any part thereof, from any Pledgor or any other person who then has possession of any part thereof with or without notice or process of law, and for that purpose may enter upon any Pledgors premises where any of the Pledged Collateral is located, remove such Pledged Collateral, remain present at such premises to receive copies of all communications and remittances relating to the Pledged Collateral and use in connection with such removal and possession any and all services, supplies, aids and other facilities of any Pledgor;
 
(ii)           Demand, sue for, collect or receive any money or property at any time payable or receivable in respect of the Pledged Collateral including instructing the obligor or obligors on any agreement, instrument or other obligation constituting part of the Pledged Collateral to make any payment required by the terms of such agreement, instrument or other obligation directly to the Collateral Agent, and in connection with any of the foregoing, compromise, settle, extend the time for payment and make other modifications with respect thereto; , that in the event that any such payments are made directly to any Pledgor, such Pledgor shall segregate all amounts received pursuant thereto in trust for the benefit of the Collateral Agent and shall promptly (but in no event later than one Business Day after receipt thereof) pay such amounts to the Collateral Agent;
provided, however
 
 
24
 
 
(iii)           Subject to Section 8.2 and Section 8.4, sell, assign, grant a license to use or otherwise liquidate, or direct any Pledgor to sell, assign, grant a license to use or otherwise liquidate, any and all investments made in whole or in part with the Pledged Collateral or any part thereof, and take possession of the proceeds of any such sale, assignment, license or liquidation;
 
(iv)           Take possession of the Pledged Collateral or any part thereof, by directing any Pledgor in writing to deliver the same to the Collateral Agent at any place or places so designated by the Collateral Agent, in which event such Pledgor shall at its own expense:  (A) forthwith cause the same to be moved to the place or places designated by the Collateral Agent and therewith delivered to the Collateral Agent, (B) store and keep any Pledged Collateral so delivered to the Collateral Agent at such place or places pending further action by the Collateral Agent and (C) while the Pledged Collateral shall be so stored and kept, provide such security and maintenance services as shall be necessary to protect the same and to preserve and maintain them in good condition.  Each Pledgors obligation to deliver the Pledged Collateral as contemplated in this is of the essence hereof.  Upon application to a court of equity having jurisdiction, the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to decree requiring specific performance by any Pledgor of such obligation;
Section 8.1(iv)
 
(v)            Withdraw all moneys, instruments, securities and other property in any bank, financial securities, deposit or other account of any Pledgor constituting Pledged Collateral;
 
(vi)            Retain and apply the Distributions to the Secured Obligations as provided in hereof;
Article IX
 
(vii)           Exercise any and all rights as beneficial and legal owner of the Pledged Collateral, including perfecting assignment of and exercising any and all voting, consensual and other rights and powers with respect to any Pledged Collateral; and
 
(viii)           All the rights and remedies of a secured party on default under the UCC (whether or not the UCC applies to the affected Pledged Collateral), and the Collateral Agent may also in its sole discretion, without notice except as specified in , sell, assign, transfer or grant a license to use the Pledged Collateral or any part thereof in one or more parcels at public or private sale, at any exchange, brokers board or at any of the Collateral Agents offices or elsewhere, for cash, on credit or for future delivery, and at such price or prices and upon such other terms as the Collateral Agent may deem commercially reasonable.  The Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party or any of their respective Affiliates may be the purchaser, licensee, assignee or recipient of any or all of the Pledged Collateral at any such sale and shall be entitled, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Pledged Collateral sold, assigned or licensed at such sale, to use and apply any of the Secured Obligations owed to such person as a credit on account of the purchase price of any Pledged Collateral payable by such person at such sale.  Each purchaser, assignee, licensee or recipient at any such sale shall acquire the property sold, assigned or licensed absolutely free from any claim or right on the part of any Pledgor, and each Pledgor hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, all rights of redemption, stay and/or appraisal that it now has or may at any time in the future have under any Legal Requirement now existing or hereafter enacted.  The Collateral Agent shall not be obligated to make any sale of Pledged Collateral regardless of notice of sale having been given.  The Collateral Agent may adjourn any public or private sale from time to time by announcement at the time and place fixed therefor, and such sale may, without further notice, be made at the time and place to which it was so adjourned.  Each Pledgor hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, any claims against the Collateral Agent arising by reason of the fact that the price at which any Pledged Collateral may have been sold, assigned or licensed at such a private sale was less than the price which might have been obtained at a public sale, even if the Collateral Agent accepts the first offer received and does not offer such Pledged Collateral to more than one offeree.
Section 8.2
 
 
25
 
 
                           
SECTION 8.2
Notice of Sale
  Each Pledgor acknowledges and agrees that, to the extent notice of sale or other disposition of Pledged Collateral shall be required by any Legal Requirement, 10 days prior notice to such Pledgor of the time and place of any public sale or of the time after which any private sale or other intended disposition is to take place shall be commercially reasonable notification of such matters unless the Pledged Collateral is perishable or threatens to decline speedily in value or is of a type customarily sold on a recognized market (in which case no such prior notice shall be required).  No notification need be given to any Pledgor if it has signed, after the occurrence of an Event of Default, a statement renouncing or modifying any right to notification of sale or other intended disposition.
 
                           
SECTION 8.3
Waiver of Notice and Claims; Other Waivers; Marshalling
.
 
(i)           Each Pledgor hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, notice of judicial hearing in connection with the Collateral Agents taking possession or the Collateral Agents disposition of any of the Pledged Collateral, including any and all prior notice and hearing for any prejudgment remedy or remedies and any such right which such Pledgor would otherwise have under any Legal Requirement, and each Pledgor hereby further waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements (i) all damages occasioned by such taking of possession, (ii) all other requirements as to the time, place and terms of sale or other requirements with respect to the enforcement of the Collateral Agents rights hereunder and (iii) all rights of redemption, appraisal, valuation, stay, extension or moratorium now or hereafter in force under any applicable Legal Requirements.  The Collateral Agent shall not be liable for any incorrect or improper payment made pursuant to this except to the extent resulting solely from the Collateral Agents gross negligence or willful misconduct as finally judicially determined by a court of competent jurisdiction.  Any sale of, or the grant of options to purchase, or any other realization upon, any Pledged Collateral shall operate to divest all right, title, interest, claim and demand, either at law or in equity, of the applicable Pledgor therein and thereto, and shall be a perpetual bar both at law and in equity or otherwise against such Pledgor and against any and all persons claiming or attempting to claim the Pledged Collateral so sold, optioned or realized upon, or any part thereof, from, through or under such Pledgor.
Article VIII
 
(ii)           To the maximum extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, each Pledgor hereby waives demand, notice, protest, notice of acceptance of this Agreement, notice of Credit Extensions, Pledged Collateral received or delivered or any other action taken in reliance hereon and all other demands and notices of any description.
 
(iii)           The Collateral Agent shall not be required to marshal any present or future collateral security (including the Pledged Collateral) for, or other assurances of payment of, the Secured Obligations or any of them or to resort to such collateral security or other assurances of payment in any particular order.  To the maximum extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, each Pledgor hereby agrees that it will not invoke any Legal Requirement relating to the marshalling of collateral and hereby irrevocably waives the benefits of all such Legal Requirements.
 
 
26
 
 
                           
SECTION 8.4
Standards for Exercising Rights and Remedies
.  To the extent that applicable Legal Requirements impose duties on the Collateral Agent to exercise remedies in a commercially reasonable manner, each Pledgor acknowledges and agrees that it is not commercially unreasonable for the Collateral Agent, in the exercise of such remedies in accordance with all other terms hereof, (i) to fail to incur expenses reasonably deemed significant by the Collateral Agent to prepare Pledged Collateral for disposition or otherwise to fail to complete raw material or work in process into finished goods or other finished products for disposition, (ii) to fail to obtain third party consents for access to Pledged Collateral to be disposed of, or to obtain or, if not required by other Legal Requirements, to fail to obtain consents for Governmental Authorities or third parties for the collection or disposition of Pledged Collateral to be collected or disposed of, (iii) to fail to exercise collection remedies against account debtors or other persons obligated on Pledged Collateral or to fail to remove liens or encumbrances on or any adverse claims against Pledged Collateral, (iv) to exercise collection remedies against account debtors and other persons obligated on Pledged Collateral directly or through the use of collection agencies and other collection specialists, subject to their compliance with applicable Legal Requirements, (v) to advertise dispositions of Pledged Collateral through publications or media of general circulation, whether or not the Pledged Collateral is of a specialized nature, (vi) to contact other persons, whether or not in the same business as any Pledgor, for expressions of interest in acquiring all or any portion of the Pledged Collateral, (vii) to hire one or more professional auctioneers to assist in the disposition of Pledged Collateral, whether or not the collateral is of a specialized nature, (viii) to dispose of Pledged Collateral by utilizing internet sites that provide for the auction of assets of the types included in the Pledged Collateral or that have the reasonable capability of doing so, or that match buyers and sellers of assets, (ix) to dispose of assets in wholesale rather than retail markets, (x) to disclaim or modify disposition warranties, (xi) to purchase insurance or credit enhancements to insure the Collateral Agent against risks of loss, collection or disposition of Pledged Collateral or to provide to the Collateral Agent a guaranteed return from the collection or disposition of Pledged Collateral, or (xii) to the extent deemed appropriate by the Collateral Agent, to obtain the services of other brokers, investment bankers, consultants and other professionals to assist the Collateral Agent in the collection or disposition of any of the Pledged Collateral.  The Pledgors acknowledge that the purpose of this is to provide non-exhaustive indications of what actions or omissions by the Collateral Agent would fulfill the Collateral Agents duties under the UCC or other Legal Requirements of the State or any other relevant jurisdiction in the Collateral Agents exercise of remedies against the Pledged Collateral and that other actions or omissions by the Collateral Agent shall not be deemed to fail to fulfill such duties solely on account of not being indicated in this .  Without limiting the foregoing, nothing contained in this shall be construed to grant any rights to any Pledgor or to impose any duties on the Collateral Agent that would not have been granted or imposed by this Agreement or by applicable Legal Requirements in the absence of this .
Section 8.4
Section 8.4
Section 8.4
Section 8.4
 
                           
SECTION 8.5
.
Certain Sales of Pledged Collateral
 
(i)
   
Each Pledgor recognizes that, by reason of certain prohibitions contained in Legal Requirements, the Collateral Agent may be compelled, with respect to any sale of all or any part of the Pledged Collateral, to limit purchasers to those who meet the requirements of a Governmental Authority.  Each Pledgor acknowledges that any such sales may be at prices and on terms less favorable to the Collateral Agent than those obtainable through a public sale without such restrictions, and, notwithstanding such circumstances, agrees that any such restricted sale shall be deemed to have been made in a commercially reasonable manner and that, except as may be required by applicable Legal Requirements, the Collateral Agent shall have no obligation to engage in public sales.
 
(ii)           Each Pledgor recognizes that, by reason of certain prohibitions contained in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the ), and applicable state or foreign securities laws, the Collateral Agent may be compelled, with respect to any sale or disposition of all or any part of the Securities Collateral and Investment Property, to limit purchasers to persons who will agree, among other things, to acquire such Securities Collateral or Investment Property for their own account, for investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale thereof.  Each Pledgor acknowledges that any such private sales may be at prices and on terms less favorable to the Collateral Agent than those obtainable through a public sale without such restrictions (including a public offering made pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act), and, notwithstanding such circumstances, agrees that any such private sale shall be deemed to have been made in a commercially reasonable manner and that the Collateral Agent shall have no obligation to engage in public sales and no obligation to delay the sale of any Securities Collateral or Investment Property for the period of time necessary to permit the issuer thereof to register it for a form of public sale requiring registration under the Securities Act or under applicable state or foreign securities laws, even if such issuer would agree to do so.
Securities Act
 
 
27
 
 
(iii)           Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Pledgor shall, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, at the request of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Collateral Agent and the other Secured Parties, cause any registration, qualification under or compliance with any federal, state or foreign securities law or laws to be effected with respect to all or any part of the Securities Collateral as soon as practicable and at the sole cost and expense of the Pledgors.  Each Pledgor will cause such registration to be effected (and be kept effective) and cause such qualification and compliance to be effected (and be kept effective) as may be so requested and as would permit or facilitate the sale and distribution of such Securities Collateral including registration under the Securities Act (or any similar statute then in effect), appropriate qualifications under applicable blue sky or other state or foreign securities laws and appropriate compliance with all other requirements of any Governmental Authority.  Each Pledgor shall cause the Collateral Agent to be kept advised in writing as to the progress of each such registration, qualification or compliance and as to the completion thereof, shall furnish to the Collateral Agent such number of prospectuses, offering circulars or other documents incident thereto as the Collateral Agent from time to time may request, and shall indemnify and shall cause the issuer of the Securities Collateral to indemnify the Collateral against all claims, losses, damages and liabilities caused by any untrue statement (or alleged untrue statement) of a material fact contained therein (or in any related registration statement, notification or the like) or by any omission (or alleged omission) to state therein (or in any related registration statement, notification or the like) a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.
 
(iv)           If the Collateral Agent determines to exercise its right to sell any or all of the Securities Collateral or Investment Property, upon written request, the applicable Pledgor shall, and shall cause each issuer of Securities Collateral and Investment Property to be sold hereunder to, from time to time furnish to the Collateral Agent all such information as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request in order to determine the number and nature or interest, of securities or other instruments included in the Securities Collateral or Investment Property which may be sold by the Collateral Agent as exempt transactions under the Securities Act and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder, as the same are from time to time in effect.
 
(v)           Each Pledgor further agrees that a breach of any of the covenants contained in this will cause irreparable injury to the Collateral Agent and other Secured Parties, that the Collateral Agent and the other Secured Parties have no adequate remedy at law in respect of such breach and, as a consequence, that each and every covenant contained in this shall be specifically enforceable against such Pledgor, and such Pledgor hereby waives and agrees not to assert any defenses against an action for specific performance of such covenants.
Section 8.5
Section 8.5
 
                           
SECTION 8.6
No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies
.  
 
No failure on the part of the Collateral Agent to exercise, no course of dealing with respect to, and no delay on the part of the Collateral Agent in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or remedy hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy; nor shall the Collateral Agent be required to look first to, enforce or exhaust any other security, collateral or guaranties.  The remedies herein provided are cumulative and are not exclusive of any remedies provided by applicable Legal Requirements, in equity or otherwise.
(i)
   
 
 
28
 
 
(ii)           In the event that the Collateral Agent shall have instituted any proceeding to enforce any right, power or remedy under this Agreement by foreclosure, sale, entry or otherwise, and such proceeding shall have been discontinued or abandoned for any reason or shall have been determined adversely to the Collateral Agent, then and in every such case, the Pledgors, the Collateral Agent and each other Secured Party shall be restored to their respective former positions and rights hereunder with respect to the Pledged Collateral, and all rights, remedies and powers of the Collateral Agent and the other Secured Parties shall continue as if no such proceeding had been instituted.
 
                           
SECTION 8.7
Certain Additional Actions Regarding Intellectual Property
.  If any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, upon the written demand of the Collateral Agent, each Pledgor shall execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent an assignment or assignments of the registered Intellectual Property Collateral or such other documents as are necessary or appropriate to carry out the intent and purposes hereof; that if the Event of Default is no longer continuing, the Collateral Agent shall promptly execute and deliver to each Pledgor such reassignments or other documents necessary to place such Pledgors in control and ownership of such Intellectual Property Collateral.
provided, however,
 
 
 
                           
SECTION 9.1
Application of Proceeds
.  The proceeds received by the Collateral Agent in respect of any sale of, collection from or other realization upon all or any part of the Collateral pursuant to the exercise by the Collateral Agent of its remedies shall be applied, together with any other sums then held by the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement, in accordance with the Credit Agreement.
 
 
 
                           
SECTION 10.1
Concerning Collateral Agent
.  
 
The Collateral Agent has been appointed as Collateral Agent pursuant to the Credit Agreement.  The actions of the Collateral Agent hereunder are subject to the provisions of the Credit Agreement.  The Collateral Agent shall have the right hereunder to make demands, to give notices, to exercise or refrain from exercising any rights, and to take or refrain from taking action (including the release or substitution of the Pledged Collateral), in accordance with this Agreement and the Credit Agreement.  Each Secured Party, by its acceptance of the benefits hereof, agrees that it shall have no right individually to realize upon any of the Pledged Collateral hereunder, it being understood and agreed by such Secured Party that all rights and remedies hereunder may be exercised solely by the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  The Collateral Agent may employ agents and attorneys-in-fact in connection herewith and shall not be liable for the negligence or misconduct of any such agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by it in good faith.  The Collateral Agent may resign and a successor Collateral Agent may be appointed in the manner provided in the Credit Agreement.  Upon the acceptance of any appointment as the Collateral Agent by a successor Collateral Agent, that successor Collateral Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Collateral Agent under this Agreement, and the retiring Collateral Agent shall thereupon be discharged from its duties and obligations under this Agreement.  After any retiring Collateral Agents resignation, the provisions hereof shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it under this Agreement while it was the Collateral Agent.
(i)
   
 
 
29
 
 
(ii)           Except for the exercise of reasonable care in the custody of any Pledged Collateral in its possession and the accounting for moneys actually received by it hereunder, the Collateral Agent shall have no duty as to any Pledged Collateral or as to the taking of any necessary steps to preserve rights against prior parties or any other rights pertaining to any Pledged Collateral.  The Collateral Agent shall be deemed to have exercised reasonable care in the custody and preservation of the Pledged Collateral in its possession if such Pledged Collateral is accorded treatment substantially equivalent to that which the Collateral Agent, in its individual capacity, accords its own property consisting of similar instruments or interests; that neither the Collateral Agent nor any of the other Secured Parties nor any of their respective directors, officers, employees or agents shall have responsibility for (x) ascertaining or taking action with respect to calls, conversions, exchanges, maturities, tenders or other matters relating to any Securities Collateral, whether or not the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party has or is deemed to have knowledge of such matters (y) failing to demand, collect or realize upon all or any part of the Pledged Collateral or for any delay in doing so or (z) failing to take any necessary steps to preserve rights against any person with respect to any Pledged Collateral.
provided
 
(iii)           The Collateral Agent shall be entitled to rely upon any written notice, statement, certificate, order or other document or any telephone message believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper person, and, with respect to all matters pertaining to this Agreement and its duties hereunder, upon advice of counsel selected by it.
 
(iv)           If any item of Pledged Collateral also constitutes collateral granted to the Collateral Agent under any other deed of trust, mortgage, security agreement, pledge or instrument of any type, in the event of any conflict between the provisions hereof and the provisions of such other deed of trust, mortgage, security agreement, pledge or instrument of any type in respect of such collateral, the provisions hereof shall control.
 
                           
SECTION 10.2
Collateral Agent May Perform; Collateral Agent Appointed Attorney-in-Fact
.  If any Pledgor shall fail to perform any covenants contained in this Agreement (including such Pledgors covenants to (i) pay the premiums in respect of all required insurance policies hereunder, (ii) pay Charges, (iii) make repairs, or (iv) discharge Liens or pay or perform any obligations of such Pledgor under any Pledged Collateral) or if any representation or warranty on the part of any Pledgor contained herein shall be breached, the Collateral Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) do the same or cause it to be done or remedy any such breach, and may expend funds for such purpose; , that the Collateral Agent shall in no event be bound to inquire into the validity of any tax, lien, imposition or other obligation which such Pledgor fails to pay or perform as and when required hereby and which such Pledgor does not contest in accordance with the provisions of hereof.  Any and all amounts so expended by the Collateral Agent shall be paid by the Pledgors in accordance with the provisions of of the Credit Agreement.  Neither the provisions of this nor any action taken by the Collateral Agent pursuant to the provisions of this shall prevent any such failure to observe any covenant contained in this Agreement nor any breach of representation or warranty from constituting an Event of Default.  Each Pledgor hereby appoints the Collateral Agent its attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and stead of such Pledgor and in the name of such Pledgor, or otherwise, from time to time in the Collateral Agents reasonable discretion to take any action and to execute any instrument consistent with the terms of the Credit Agreement, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents which the Collateral Agent reasonably may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes hereof.  The foregoing grant of authority is a power of attorney coupled with an interest and such appointment shall be irrevocable for the term hereof.  Each Pledgor hereby ratifies all that such attorney shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
provided, however
Section 4.12
Section 10.03
Section 10.2
Section 10.2
 
                           
SECTION 10.3
Continuing Security Interest; Assignment
.  This Agreement shall create a continuing security interest in the Pledged Collateral and shall (i) be binding upon the Pledgors, their respective successors and assigns and (ii) inure, together with the rights and remedies of the Collateral Agent hereunder, to the benefit of the Collateral Agent and the other Secured Parties and each of their respective successors, transferees and assigns.  No other persons (including any other creditor of any Pledgor) shall have any interest herein or any right or benefit with respect hereto (except for Permitted Collateral Liens).  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing clause (ii), any Secured Party may assign or otherwise transfer any obligations held by it secured by this Agreement to any other person, and such other person shall thereupon become vested with all the benefits in respect thereof granted to such Secured Party, herein or otherwise, subject however, to the provisions of the Credit Agreement and Permitted Hedging Agreements.
 
 
30
 
 
                           
SECTION 10.4
Termination; Release
.  This Agreement shall terminate and the Pledged Collateral shall be released from the Lien of this Agreement when the Commitments have been terminated and the principal of and interest and premium (if any) on each Loan, all Fees and all other expenses or amounts payable under any Loan Document shall have been paid in full (other than contingent indemnification obligations that, pursuant to the provisions of the Credit Agreement of the Security Documents, survive the termination thereof) and all Letters of Credit have been canceled or have expired and all amounts drawn thereunder have been reimbursed in full. Upon termination hereof, the security interests granted hereby shall terminate and all rights to the Pledged Collateral shall revert to the applicable Pledgor or to such other person as may be entitled thereto pursuant to any Order or other applicable Legal Requirement. Upon termination hereof or any release of Pledged Collateral in accordance with the provisions of the Credit Agreement, the Collateral Agent shall promptly (and in any event within 10 Business Days), upon the written request and at the sole cost and expense of the Pledgors, assign, transfer and deliver to the Pledgors, against receipt and without recourse to or warranty by the Collateral Agent except that the Collateral Agent has not assigned or otherwise transferred its security interest in the Pledged Collateral, such of the Pledged Collateral to be released (in the case of a release) as may be in possession or control of the Collateral Agent and as shall not have been sold or otherwise applied pursuant to the terms hereof, and, with respect to any other Pledged Collateral, with such endorsements or proper documents and instruments (including UCC-3 termination statements or releases) acknowledging the termination hereof or the release of such Pledged Collateral, as the case may be.
 
                           
SECTION 10.5
Modification in Writing
.  No amendment, modification, supplement, termination or waiver of or to any provision hereof, nor consent to any departure by any Pledgor therefrom, shall be effective unless the same shall be made in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement and unless in writing and signed by the Collateral Agent.  Any amendment, modification or supplement of or to any provision hereof, any waiver of any provision hereof and any consent to any departure by any Pledgor from the terms of any provision hereof shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which made or given.  Except where notice is specifically required by this Agreement, no notice to or demand on any Pledgor in any case shall entitle any Pledgor to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances.
 
SECTION 10.6                           
Notices
.  Unless otherwise provided herein or in the Credit Agreement, any notice or other communication herein required or permitted to be given shall be given in the manner and become effective as set forth in the Credit Agreement, as to any Pledgor, addressed to it at the address of Borrower set forth in the Credit Agreement and as to the Collateral Agent, addressed to it at the address set forth in the Credit Agreement, or in each case at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other party complying as to delivery with the terms of this .
Section 10.6
 
                           
SECTION 10.7
Governing Law, Consent to Jurisdiction and Service of Process; Waiver of Jury Trial
.  
 
THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT LAW OR TORT LAW OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY CHOICE OF LAW PRINCIPLES THAT WOULD APPLY THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION.
(
a)
   
 
 
31
 
 
           EACH PLEDGOR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE OR, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LEGAL REQUIREMENTS, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT.  EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY APPLICABLE LEGAL REQUIREMENTS.  NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR OTHERWISE SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE COLLATERAL AGENT, ANY OTHER AGENT, THE ISSUING BANK OR ANY LENDER OR OTHER SECURED PARTY MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST ANY PLEDGOR OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION.
(b)
 
           EACH PLEDGOR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT IT MAY LEGALLY AND EFFECTIVELY DO SO, ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN .  EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LEGAL REQUIREMENTS, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT.
(c)
SECTION 10.7(b)
 
           EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENT, IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES (OTHER THAN TELECOPY) IN .  NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LEGAL REQUIREMENTS.
(d)
SECTION 10.6
 
           
(e)
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LEGAL REQUIREMENTS, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS OR THE OTHER TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY).  EACH PARTY HERETO (a) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (b) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS
SECTION 10.7
.
 
                           
SECTION 10.8
Severability of Provisions
.  Any provision hereof which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction.
 
 
32
 
 
                           
SECTION 10.9
Execution in Counterparts
.  This Agreement and any amendments, waivers, consents or supplements hereto may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts together shall constitute one and the same agreement.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy or other electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.
 
SECTION 10.10                           
Business Days
.  In the event any time period or any date provided in this Agreement ends or falls on a day other than a Business Day, then such time period shall be deemed to end and such date shall be deemed to fall on the next succeeding Business Day, and performance herein may be made on such Business Day, with the same force and effect as if made on such other day.
 
                           
SECTION 10.11
Waiver of Stay
.  Each Pledgor covenants that in the event that such Pledgor or any property or assets of such Pledgor shall hereafter become the subject of a voluntary or involuntary proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code or such Pledgor shall otherwise be a party to any federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium or similar proceeding to which the provisions relating to the automatic stay under Section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code or any similar provision in any such Legal Requirement is applicable, then, in any such case, whether or not the Collateral Agent has commenced foreclosure proceedings under this Agreement, such Pledgor shall not, and each Pledgor hereby expressly waives its right to (to the extent it may lawfully do so) at any time insist upon, plead or in any whatsoever, claim or take the benefit or advantage of any such automatic stay or such similar provision as it relates to the exercise of any of the rights and remedies (including any foreclosure proceedings) available to the Collateral Agent as provided in this Agreement, in any other Security Document or any other document evidencing the Secured Obligations.  Each Pledgor further covenants that it will not hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power granted herein to the Collateral Agent, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no law relating to any stay or similar provision had been enacted.
 
                           
SECTION 10.12
No Credit for Payment of Taxes or Imposition
.  No Pledgor shall be entitled to any credit against the principal, premium, if any, or interest payable under the Credit Agreement, and such Pledgor shall not be entitled to any credit against any other sums which may become payable under the terms thereof or hereof, by reason of the payment of any Tax on the Pledged Collateral or any part thereof.
 
                           
SECTION 10.13
No Claims Against Collateral Agent
.  Nothing contained in this Agreement shall constitute any consent or request by the Collateral Agent, express or implied, for the performance of any labor or services or the furnishing of any materials or other property in respect of the Pledged Collateral or any part thereof, nor as giving any Pledgor any right, power or authority to contract for or permit the performance of any labor or services or the furnishing of any materials or other property in such fashion as would permit the making of any claim against the Collateral Agent in respect thereof or any claim that any Lien based on the performance of such labor or services or the furnishing of any such materials or other property is prior to the Lien hereof.
 
 
33
 
 
SECTION 10.14                           
No Release
.  Nothing set forth in this Agreement shall relieve any Pledgor from the performance of any term, covenant, condition or agreement on such Pledgors part to be performed or observed under or in respect of any of the Pledged Collateral or from any liability to any person under or in respect of any of the Pledged Collateral or shall impose any obligation on the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party to perform or observe any such term, covenant, condition or agreement on such Pledgors part to be so performed or observed or shall impose any liability on the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party for any act or omission on the part of such Pledgor relating thereto or for any breach of any representation or warranty on the part of such Pledgor contained in this Agreement, the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or under or in respect of the Pledged Collateral or made in connection herewith or therewith.  The obligations of each Pledgor contained in this shall survive the termination hereof and the discharge of such Pledgors other obligations under this Agreement, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents (other than contingent indemnification obligations that, pursuant to the provisions of the Credit Agreement or the Security Documents, survive the termination thereof).
Section 10.14
 
                           
SECTION 10.15
Overdue Amounts
. Until paid, all amounts due and payable under this Agreement shall constitute Secured Obligations and shall bear interest, whether before or after judgment, at the Default Rate.  Nothing in this Section 10.15 shall affect the Default Rate or the circumstances in which the Default Rate is payable pursuant to the Credit Agreement.
 
                           
SECTION 10.16
Obligations Absolute
.  All obligations of each Pledgor hereunder shall be absolute and unconditional irrespective of:
 
(i)           any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, arrangement, readjustment, composition, liquidation or the like of any Pledgor;
 
(ii)           any lack of validity or enforceability of any Loan Document, or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto against any Pledgor;
 
(iii)           any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of, all or any of the Secured Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to any departure from any Loan Document or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto;
 
(iv)           any pledge, exchange, release or non-perfection or loss of priority of any other collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to any departure from any guarantee, for all or any of the Secured Obligations;
 
(v)           any exercise, non-exercise or waiver of any right, remedy, power or privilege under or in respect hereof, or any Loan Document; or
 
(vi)           any other circumstances which might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, any Pledgor.
 
 
 
34
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Pledgors and the Collateral Agent have caused this Security Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by their duly authorized officers as of the date first above written.
 
 
 
35


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20111115152112.txt.gz
TIME:20111115152112
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
1
 
 
 
On November 14, 2011, Biglari Holdings Inc. (the Company) issued a letter to shareholders of Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc.  The letter included customer traffic data for one of the Companys subsidiaries, Steak n Shake Operations, Inc., for the 2011 fourth fiscal quarter, which ended September 28, 2011.  The letter is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of this report.
 
The information in this Current Report, including the exhibit attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed  filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of such section.  The information in this Current Report, including the exhibit, shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any incorporation by reference language in any such filing, unless the Company expressly sets forth in such future filing that such information is to be considered filed or incorporated by reference therein.
 
 
(d) Exhibits.
 
 
 
2
 
 
 
SIGNATURE
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
3
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
Dear Fellow Stockholders:
 
I want to share with you our plans to improve Cracker Barrel for the benefit of all stockholders. The upcoming annual meeting of stockholders will be your first opportunity to vote for a director not tied to the Company's Board. I am running for just one board seat out of an eleven member board, and only with your support will I be able to join Cracker Barrel's Board of Directors. This proxy contest is about placing the largest owner on the Board  with about a 10% stake  to present creative ideas as well as to elevate expectations, performance, and disclosure, all in the pursuit of creating substantial and sustainable shareholder value. This letter is specifically intended to impart our principles, philosophy, and plans on how I seek to create value for all owners. In short, I am providing you information that I would want to know if our roles were reversed. I appreciate your reading this crucial letter in its entirety and then your supporting me by voting the Gold proxy. Your vote  and, in fact, every vote  matters. Assuredly, I want to earn every single vote.
The ideas I will advocate throughout this letter are centered on the long-term value of the business. I have made a commitment to own Cracker Barrel stock for the long term, and my allegiance therefore is to the long-term stockholders of Cracker Barrel. We begin with the fundamental premise that the value of a business is derived from its future cash flows. The intrinsic value of a business is calculated by discounting net cash flows at an appropriate interest rate. Thus, by maximizing the production of long-term cash flows and judiciously reallocating capital to earn high returns on invested capital, intrinsic value is maximized. Invariably, if per-share intrinsic value increases, the stock price will eventually follow suit. Here is the fundamental framework on which we base our ideas.
Maximizing Per-Share Value.  
Cracker Barrels performance during Founder Danny Evins era was stellar. However, since Michael Woodhouse became Chairman and CEO, that is, ever since Mr. Evins was no longer involved with the Company, the underlying store-level operating performance has been deteriorating. Instead of restoring the formerly successful store-level performance, Mr. Woodhouse has spent over $600 million in capital over the past seven years while over the same time span operating profit !
declined
 
 
 
 
 
 
Thus, the irony has been that capital expenditures, approved by the Board, have increased overall , but have failed to increase overall . It is a truism that sales growth is not tantamount to value growth. Therefore, the Company must stop spending capital for growth and start investing it for profit. After all, it is easy to spend money to open new units. The trick and triumph are to achieve unit profit both sufficient and sustainable without a diminution of performance in existing stores. Because of the deteriorating operating performance of Cracker Barrel, the Board should have rejected Mr. Woodhouses unsound decision to plow money into new openings; rather, the attention should have been directed to addressing the underlying problems. To the contrary, management has been running a much larger company with more stores in its domain, while denying shareholders the opportunity to earn higher returns through better execution.
sales
profit
The principal reason unit-level performance has been dismal is that unit-level customer traffic has been declining. Customer traffic is the performance metric that measures the number of patrons who walk through existing units that have been open at least eighteen months and thus excludes the impact of new openings. But to add customers through the addition of new units while simultaneously losing customers through existing units is a somber pathway towards value destruction. On this important measure, customer traffic has been consecutively negative in each of the past years.
seven
Since Mr. Woodhouse became Chairman in 2004, he has overseen 25 out of 28 quarters of diminished customer traffic. There are currently about 960 customers, on average, that go through each unit per day, nearly 190 fewer than seven years ago. If management could have maintained traffic/per unit, then there would be an additional 40 million customer visits per year throughout the entire chain. With an average check per customer of $9.22, that is about $370 million of annual revenue left on the table. Thus, it is clear to us that driving customer traffic profitably to existing stores  and leveraging fixed restaurant-level costs  maximizes value more than any other concept.
For years Mr. Woodhouse has made increasing customer traffic a priority but has failed to attain that goal. In fact, he said in 2005, [I]n this industry when traffic goes negative, all of the bottom line leverage goes against you as opposed to for you. Because of his failure, we welcomed the recent appointment of a new CEO. However, that news arrived with a questionable move: the Boards decision to retain Mr. Woodhouse as Executive Chairman in a role that he says centers his attention on menu strategy, an area in which we believe he has floundered.
 
 
 
 
 
To quantify the magnitude of mismanagement, here is the operating income on a per unit basis for the last seven years along with the fiscal 1998 year as a reference point:
 
In 1998 Founder Danny Evins was Chairman and CEO whereas Mr. Woodhouse was simply an officer of Cracker Barrel. After Mr. Woodhouse became both Chairman and CEO, the business fundamentals have decayed. Mr. Woodhouse in essence has produced the same level of profit with 603 stores that Mr. Evins did with 357 stores.  If Mr. Woodhouse could have simply returned the Company to the productive level achieved in fiscal 1998, there would be an additional $110 million in operating profit, and we estimate $1 billion added in market value or the doubling of the current stock price.
Cracker Barrel has been in dire need of a turnaround for many years. Naturally, the serious problem that necessarily must be addressed and then repaired is the continuous degradation of unit-level performance. Therefore, improving Cracker Barrels core operations is the greatest lever by which the Company can maximize its value. To elevate store-level sales and profits requires the Boards and managements undivided attention. Our plan calls for a moratorium on the expansion of new stores. Clearly, shareholders would have been better off if the Board had rejected new openings so all of
Strategy.
managements focus would have homed in on existing units to avert the value destruction. In our view, opening new units when current ones are losing traffic is strategically flawed. Why continue to open new ones, when management cannot channel an increment in customer traffic through existing ones?
We believe the combination of a flawed strategy and poor execution has prevented Cracker Barrels enhancement of value. In fact, the recent comments by management reinforce our definitive position. On September 13, 2011, top leadership told shareholders on the Companys most recent earnings conference call that customer traffic declined more than expected, registering a 4.2%. Moreover, management opined that we should anticipate that fiscal 2012 will sink to another year of in customer traffic. Concurrent with those announcements, shareholders were informed that the Company will spend approximately $50 million on opening new units. In our estimation, the Board and management are committing three sins: (1) expecting (not averting) an eighth consecutive year of decline in customer traffic, (2) fixating on opening new units instead of addressing the problems in existing ones, and (3) allocating $50 million of shareholder money when far more lucrative options exist on a risk-adjusted basis.
minus
decline
Boosting customer traffic has been an area in which I have had extensive experience. For instance, in a company Biglari Holdings owns, Steak n Shake, I led the successful turnaround. Steak n Shake is a nearly 500 unit fast-food chain that primarily sells burgers and shakes. When we took over the chain in the summer of 2008 in the midst of the Great Recession, Steak n Shake was struggling through 13 consecutive quarters of declines in same-store sales and sank to around $100,000 . The first declaration I verbalized was that the company was no longer going to be in the excuse business, blaming external factors such as the economy, weather, etc.; rather, I set high expectations, and with a new sense of purpose we took Steak n Shake to greener pastures. Because of the commitment, dedication, and perseverance of my approximately 20,000 associates, we had one of the most significant turnarounds in the restaurant industry. I am presenting Steak n Shakes numbers since we assumed control to demonstrate quite simply that even in the worst of economic times a company can be resuscitated to deliver robust results. There is absolutely no reason why Cracker Barrel, with its brand strength, cannot do better.
profitably
losses
per day
 
 
By the end of the first year of the Steak n Shake turnaround, we reversed the losses and began to earn $100,000 . Shortly thereafter we received from the coveted Golden Chain Award in 2010, an accolade annually given to only a few top chains. Incidentally, Danny Evins received the Award in 1993, a period in which the Company thrived, including during the recession of 1990-91. Now is the time for Cracker Barrel to once more win the Golden Chain Award.
per day
Nations Restaurant News
 
 
 
 
A for succeeding in any turnaround is for leadership to raise expectations. On September 13, 2011 Cracker Barrels Board and management had the opportunity to do exactly that by embarking on a new journey of high performance. Instead, what we shareholders heard was long on rhetoric  a list of activities the Company is undertaking  but short on expectations with a dubious punch line: Shareholders should brace for another year of in customer traffic. How can the Company turn around if the Board and management believe that it will not?
sine qua
non
decline
If management believes that the business is going to generate fewer customers, then that is exactly what management will get. Strong leadership knows that expectations cascade from the board level all the way down to the store level. It is imperative for top leadership to have a clear vision of aspirational expectations to attract top performers to join in on the mission. Its in the Boards and managements control to effect the kind of creative, forward-looking change to implement and power the business forward regardless of the growth rate of the economy. Cracker Barrel leadership must stop condemning the economy, travel season, and gas prices for its results and start looking inward to understand why its core business has been fading.
While I believe Cracker Barrels best days can be in front of it, undoubtedly a requisite for its future is dynamic and dedicated leadership to transform the business. I am calling for new, divergent, enterprising thinking. Based on our history, we believe that much can be improved in product, menu, operations, marketing, and supply chain management. What I bring to the scene is an entrepreneurial, owner- and operations-centric approach.
To thrive through all economic seasons, Cracker Barrel must have an extremely strong value proposition that resonates with consumers. The Company must operate on a simple principle: great value for customers translates into great results for shareholders.
Furthermore, my perspective of Cracker Barrel differs from that of the current Board. I view Cracker Barrel as a brand that should ultimately be global. Cracker Barrel is one of the strongest brands, yet it has been an underutilized asset. I would advocate the exploration of ideas to maximize brand value through methods that do not consume significant cash in order to produce it, e.g., international franchising and licensing. The retail business of Cracker Barrel should not be restricted to its company-operated stores; rather, selected products could be distributed through other retailers. To reach more consumers in an effective, profitable way is to license Cracker Barrel products to third parties to generate retail royalties. The Cracker Barrel brand can reach more consumers through supermarkets, which most American households must frequent, whereas not all of them will enter a Cracker Barrel store in the coming year. Licensing will aid in making the brand ubiquitous and top of mind. We favor noncapital intensive strategies that leverage the Cracker Barrel brand to generate high-return, annuity-like cash flow.
When determining where to direct capital, management should evaluate all options and then place capital based on the highest return after compensating for relevant risks. In our view, the Board has not vetted and prioritized capital allocation alternatives, a mistake which has led to suboptimal decision-making. The Board erred in approving the current strategic plan to spend $50 million to open new units in fiscal 2012. The math is simple: The cost of a new unit including land, building, and preopening expenses is between $3.5 million to $4.7 million. Lets think of the contrast between building a new unit and buying back an existing unit, effectively done via share repurchases.
Capital Allocation.
 
 
 
 
You are an owner of the Company, meaning that you are a part owner of every one of the current 608 Cracker Barrel units. For instance, we own nearly 10% of the Company; thus, our economic stake is akin to owning 100% of 60 Cracker Barrel stores. And in a share repurchase, or buyback, a company buys shares from existing stockholders with remaining holders owning a larger proportionate stake in the company. A share repurchase is tantamount to the Companys buying back existing units for the benefit of remaining shareholders.
Cracker Barrels current market value is about $1 billion and has an enterprise value (total market value of stock plus debt less cash) of around $1.5 billion. With 608 units, the market value per store is $1.6 million, and the enterprise value per store is $2.5 million. Even if we allow management the benefit of the doubt that a new unit will cost at the lower end of the investment range of $3.5 million yet produce sales/profits that are in line with existing units, their ability to purchase existing units at a valuation of $2.5 million is far superior on a return basis and is even higher after factoring in the execution risk of a new unit. Thus, why invest shareholders money on a new unit whose return is uncertain, when a certain return exists?
Needless to say, Cracker Barrels intrinsic value exceeds its market value, and with the value-enhancing initiatives we propose, we believe the price-to-value relationship would further improve. Therefore, in our judgment, the present is an opportune time to repurchase shares in order to reduce the number of Cracker Barrel shares outstanding. Placing $1 for an immediate $2 in present value is clearly safe and superior.
We are fully aware that the Companys credit agreement prevents it from repurchasing more than $65 million of its stock. (Its clear to us that the cap was agreed to because the Board did not actually intend to implement a true buyback program; rather, it falsely linked option dilution to share repurchases and thus limited the amount to $65 million consistent with prior year policies.) Because of the cap, impact of dilution, and managements own statements, perhaps only around $30-40 million will be used to reduce shares outstanding. In other words, 3-4% of the shares outstanding would be reduced at current prices. A low 3% reduction in the Companys shares even at a discount of 50% from intrinsic value would produce a mere 1.5% gain in per-share value. The prior self-imposed limitation should not result in an inferior capital allocation decision such as new store openings. As a board member, I would hasten to fix what I believe to be the Boards mistake in agreeing to a low cap. I intend to discuss avenues which would improve the flexibility in the credit agreement to allow for greater share repurchases.
Cracker Barrels real estate is a source of great value. In my estimation, about two-thirds of the Companys enterprise value rests in real estate, making Cracker Barrel more of a real estate company than a restaurant company, a retail company, or any other type of company. I plan to explore thoroughly all options and work with the Board to espouse more pathways to assist the Company to capitalize on current stock undervaluation with the objective of closing the gap between price and value as well as to augment that value.
 
 
 
 
Incidentally, the owned real estate has boosted operating income margin because of the absence of having to pay rent. Moreover, its operating income margin appears more favorable in relation to its peers because most restaurant companies lease rather than own their real estate. I believe that the Companys operating income margin would be almost if Cracker Barrel leased all its properties, demonstrating how the core operations have underperformed because management has stumbled in its responsibilities.
halved
In our view, the transition model of appointing the outgoing CEO as Executive Chairman to apprentice or season the incoming CEO makes sense only if the performance of the outgoing CEO has been laudatory. However, as we have demonstrated, Mr. Woodhouse has failed operationally yet the Board has now appointed him Executive Chairman. He remains in charge of important aspects of the business, including menu strategy, brand reputation and issues management. Any new CEO with a different sense of direction from the former CEOs would be quite reluctant to debate openly about alterations in strategy while facing a predecessor who emotionally is committed to the past. We believe the Boards decision is simply bad governance and bad business.
Corporate Governance.
We think the lack of ownership of the Board has been a factor in the Companys lack of accountability. No Board member has laid out any meaningful money to Cracker Barrel stock as you or I have done.  To think and act like an owner, one should be an owner. The acid test is if you posit that Cracker Barrel were a private company, would you picture Mr. Woodhouse to continue in a leadership position after reviewing operating results during his tenure?
purchase
We believe in excellent pay for excellent performance. But the Board has designed a flawed compensation system, one with a low bar for achievement. Cracker Barrels proxy statement reads, For 2011, executive officers were eligible to receive a bonus of up to 200% of target (target being median reflected by our peer group) if operating income met or exceeded $90 million. Once eligibility was established, the Compensation Committee retained discretion to set bonus payments within the eligible range based upon such factors as the Committee, in its discretion, deemed appropriate.
Compensation.
To put in context the absurdity of the $90 million bonus target, Cracker Barrel has not had operating income below $90 million in any year since 1994! Why would a Board set eligibility at a level unseen in nearly 20 years? Paying executives bonuses even if the current operating income declines by 45% not only is inappropriate but also sends the wrong message throughout the organization, particularly when the Company espouses in its proxy disclosures that we have a strong pay for performance philosophy. Paying bonuses as shareholders suffer epitomizes a failed compensation program.
Furthermore, the Boards pattern of disclosure on pay along with a lack of adherence to its own program is troubling. In 2008, the Board paid bonuses even though the target was not achieved; instead, shareholders were told the bonuses were paid for morale and retention purposes. Then, the bar was lowered in 2009 with no rationale provided. At the time the SEC raised the problem of the lack of disclosure on bonuses, specifically, concealing performance targets. The Company argued unsuccessfully to keep the information private on the basis that it was highly confidential and competitively sensitive. Then, in 2010 and 2011 the bar for bonus eligibility was set at an absurdly low level of $90 million of operating income. Now for fiscal 2012, the Company has once again failed to disclose the threshold for bonus eligibility. Needless to say, shareholders are not given a proxy that is clear and concise.
 
 
 
 
We believe the person most responsible for compensation programs is the Chairman of the Compensation Committee, Charles Jones. Unfortunately, Mr. Jones also happens to be a supplier to Cracker Barrel as he provides public relations services. The direct amount paid by the Company to Mr. Jones for public relations services may not be significant; but indirect and collateral benefits to Mr. Jones may be significant. For instance, he could leverage the Cracker Barrel account to gain other business accounts. It is not the amount of extra remuneration that gives us concern over Mr. Jones level of independence; rather, it is the combination of the relationship, his oversight of ill-defined, ill-designed, ill-disclosed compensation programs, and most important his evident failure to heed shareholders unease over his serving as Chair of the Compensation Committee. In the last two annual meetings, Mr. Jones received a withhold vote of 25.1% in 2010 and 26.3% in 2009, yet the Board has not taken corrective action to address shareholder concerns. Shareholders who reject directors in that magnitude should have had their voices heard. We plan to do the work the Board has left undone  by unseating Mr. Jones. By your voting our Gold proxy card, you are voting me in and Mr. Jones out.
. I have written about Cracker Barrels failure to provide shareholders detailed data on both segments of the business  restaurant and retail  and I will refer you to my past writings. As an update since my last letter to you, the Company has begun for the first time to disclose gross margin data on the retail segment of the business, a move management previously had resisted, proving that our presence is assisting all shareholders. Lucidly, furnishing gross margin data is a step in the right direction. But they have not gone far enough. Cracker Barrel should take the high road to accounting disclosure to install basic, reasonable, non-competitive information so that owners can evaluate the business properly and accurately. For instance, Mr. Woodhouse stated in the 2010 annual report, Retail sales accounted for almost 24 percent of total sales six years ago. In 2010 retail sales, as a percent of total sales, were 20.5 percent. We are striving and intend to achieve that higher level again. To judge the value of his goal, one must ferret out the data to assess leaderships effectiveness in managing and allocating resources. I would seek to work diligently to change the policies surrounding financial disclosure so shareholders would be treated the way they should be, as true partners in the business who are knowledgeable about the operations.
Financial Transparency
Cracker Barrels stock price relative to the restaurant industry as measured by the S&P Restaurant Index has been negative on both near- and long-term bases. The Boards record, led by Chairman Woodhouse, in our view, is dismal when considering the strength of the brand.
Shareholder Returns.
 
 
 
 
 
An undermanaged, underperforming business will typically be undervalued. Cracker Barrel is no exception. We believe the stock of Cracker Barrel is significantly undervalued largely as an offshoot of a combination of strategic, operational, cultural, and governance blunders. The brand has tremendous value as demonstrated by the Companys historical performance to generate prodigious cash inflows. However, in our view, value has not been maximized because the Board has failed to hold management accountable, failed to grow customer traffic for seven straight years, failed to maintain or grow per unit profit over the same period, failed to allocate capital efficiently, and failed to capitalize on the full potential of the brand. The right leadership in the boardroom along with the right management team could dispel the problems and unlock the inherent value in the brand.
Improving unit-level performance, generating free cash flow, optimizing real estate strategy, repurchasing shares, adding new revenue sources, paying-for-performance, bettering financial transparency, constructing  a more accountable governance board  these and other enhancements we have in mind to inject verve into and to augment the value of the Company. My objective is to obtain representation on the Board and to explore all avenues to elevate the utmost value for the benefit of all shareholders. However, with the present Board, it is our view that the stock will languish. The time to act is now, with a sense of urgency in pursuit of substantial value creation.
I have been a moneymaker for my shareholders at Biglari Holdings, for my partners at The Lion Fund, L.P., and for the shareholders of many of the companies I have influenced. I am providing more background for your knowledge of my investment returns on companies that I have affected in varying degrees, each requiring a different approach, but all are now closed positions (or soon to be with Penn Millers Holding Corp.). In each case value was unlocked for the benefit of all stockholders.
Investment Record.
While I cannot guarantee your performance in the stock of Cracker Barrel, I can assure you that if I am elected I will do my utter best to protect your investment with firm determination to persuade the other Board members to take value-enhancing actions. This proxy contest is about my gaining one board seat out of eleven to share ideas in order to advance the value for all shareholders; it is not about control. Naturally, I would seek additional board seats if the members stonewall ideas or take actions that are counter to shareholder interests. But my hope is that once the proxy fight concludes, the Board will work productively for the benefit of all stockholders.  Rest assured, while my plan is to work cooperatively the other directors, I will never forget that I work you, the true owners of Cracker Barrel.
with
for
 
 
 
 
I hope to see you at the annual meeting, a gathering for shareholders to learn more about the Company. Annual meetings represent another window into the culture of the organization shaped by top leadership. Unfortunately, even on this mark, the Board sends the wrong message: Cracker Barrel has chosen to hold its upcoming meeting during Christmas week on December 20, 2011. While we will attend the meeting regardless of date or time, it is not the way shareholders should be treated. It is time to change the ethos of the Company to one that cares about shareholders and respects their money and their time.
We encourage you to share your views with us through our website at www.enhancecrackerbarrel.com, which we have created to communicate with you on important and pertinent matters regarding Cracker Barrel.
In the final analysis, Cracker Barrel is an A+ brand that has failed to achieve an A+ performance. In my judgment, the only reason it has not risen to stellar performance stems from failed leadership. We are not alone in being disenchanted with the performance of the Company; other shareholders have expressed to us a similar degree of disappointment. I would not be spending my time and energy if I did not think Cracker Barrel would have far higher potential with a change in the boardroom.
I look forward to serving as a steward of your capital.
Sincerely,
/s/ Sardar Biglari
Sardar Biglari
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20111212085147.txt.gz
TIME:20111212085147
EVENTS:	Regulation FD Disclosure
TEXT:
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
1
 
 
Item 7.01.                      Regulation FD Disclosure.
 
On December 10, 2011, Biglari Holdings Inc. (the Company) issued a Press Release announcing the Companys 2011 Annual Report to the shareholders has been posted on the internet, where it can be accessed at . The report includes Sardar Biglaris annual letter to shareholders.
www.biglariholdings.com
 
 
2
 
 
SIGNATURE
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
3
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20120127161200.txt.gz
TIME:20120127161200
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
 
On January 27, 2012, Biglari Holdings Inc. (the Company) issued a Press Release announcing its financial results for its first fiscal quarter, which ended December 21, 2011.  The Companys Press Release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of this report.
 
The information in this Current Report, including the exhibit attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed  filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of such section.  The information in this Current Report, including the exhibit, shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any incorporation by reference language in any such filing, unless the Company expressly sets forth in such future filing that such information is to be considered filed or incorporated by reference therein.
 
 
(d) Exhibits.
 
 
2
 
 
SIGNATURE
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
3
 
 
Exhibit Index
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
San Antonio, TX, January 27  Biglari Holdings Inc. (NYSE: BH) announces its fiscal first quarter 2012 results:
Biglari Holdings Inc.s operating results for the twelve weeks, which ended December 21, 2011, are summarized below.  To become apprised fully of our results, shareholders should carefully study our 10-Q, which has been posted at .
www.biglariholdings.com
:
Analysis of Results
In the first quarter Steak n Shakes samestore sales advanced 5.5%, principally because guest traffic expanded by 5.7%.
The amount of realized investment gains may fluctuate from period to period. Because no predictive value exists, we encourage investors to analyze closely our business performance before they interpret the impact of realized gains.
About Biglari Holdings Inc.
Biglari Holdings Inc. is a holding company engaged in a number of diverse business activities. Its most important operating subsidiaries are involved in investment management and the franchising/operating of restaurants. All major operating, investment, and capital allocation decisions are made by Sardar Biglari, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, on behalf of the Company and its main operating subsidiaries.
Comment on Regulation G
This press release contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. In addition to the GAAP presentations of net earnings, Biglari Holdings defines pre-tax operating earnings outside of the investment gains/losses of the Company and its consolidated affiliated partnerships.
 
Risks Associated with Forward-Looking Statements
This news release may include "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other federal securities laws. These statements which may concern anticipated future results are based on current expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ markedly from those projected or discussed here. Biglari Holdings cautions readers not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, for actual results may differ materially from expectations. Biglari Holdings does not update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements even if experience or future changes make it clear that any projected results expressed or implied therein will not be realized. Further information on the types of factors that could affect Biglari Holdings and its business can be found in the company's filings with the SEC.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20120210163203.txt.gz
TIME:20120210163203
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
   
 
On February 8, 2012, the Board of Directors (the Board) of Biglari Holdings Inc. (the Company) elected William L. Johnson as a director of the Company.  The Board also appointed Mr. Johnson to serve on each of the Audit Committee and the Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee of the Board.
 
Mr. Johnson, age 69, has been President and Chief Executive Officer of The Berean Group, LLC, a business consulting firm, since June 2002.  Mr. Johnson served as Vice Chairman of the Board of Fremont Michigan InsuraCorp, Inc., a property and casualty insurance provider, from 2003 until 2011.
 
There is no arrangement or understanding between Mr. Johnson and any other person pursuant to which he was elected as a director of the Company. There are no transactions in which Mr. Johnson has an interest requiring disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  Mr. Johnson will receive compensation for his service as a member of the Board in accordance with the Companys standard compensation arrangements for non-employee directors, which are summarized in the Companys Definitive Proxy Statement for its 2011 annual meeting of shareholders, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 9, 2011.
 
 
2
 
 
SIGNATURE
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
 
3
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20120419070029.txt.gz
TIME:20120419070029
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Regulation FD Disclosure
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02.                      Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
 
On April 19, 2012, Biglari Holdings Inc. (the Company) will disclose at its 2012 Annual Meeting of Shareholders that same-store sales and customer traffic of its wholly-owned subsidiary, Steak n Shake Operations, Inc., increased by 4.8% and 5.2%, respectively, during the sixteen weeks ended April 11, 2012.
 
The information in this Current Report is being furnished and shall not be deemed  filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of such section.  The information in this Current Report shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any incorporation by reference language in any such filing, unless the Company expressly sets forth in such future filing that such information is to be considered filed or incorporated by reference therein.
 
Item 7.01.                      Regulation FD Disclosure.
 
The information set forth in Item 2.02 hereof is incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
 
 
SIGNATURE
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20120424165555.txt.gz
TIME:20120424165555
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers	Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM: Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
 
On April 18, 2012, the Board of Directors of Biglari Holdings Inc. (the Company) appointed Bruce Lewis, the Controller of the Company, to serve as the Companys principal accounting officer.  Duane E. Geiger, the Companys Interim Chief Financial Officer, previously served as the Companys principal accounting officer.
 
Mr. Lewis, age 47, has served as Controller of the Company since January 2012.  From 2007 to 2011, Mr. Lewis was Senior Vice President and Controller of Blockbuster, Inc.
 
There are no transactions in which Mr. Lewis has an interest requiring disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
 
 
On April 19, 2012, the Company held its Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Meeting). The total number of shares of the Companys common stock voted in person or by proxy at the Meeting was 1,336,746, representing approximately 93.26% of the 1,433,301 shares outstanding and entitled to vote at the Meeting.  The matters voted on by shareholders and the number of (and percentage of shares voted at the Meeting represented by) votes cast for, against or withheld, as well as abstentions and broker non-votes, if applicable, with respect to each matter is set forth below.
 
To elect the nominees listed below as directors of the Company:
Proposal 1.  
 
 
There were 211,700 broker non-votes with respect to the election of directors.
 
 
 
 
 
To ratify the selection by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the Companys independent registered public accounting firm for the 2012 fiscal year:
Proposal 2.  
 
To vote on a non-binding advisory resolution to approve the compensation of the Companys Named Executive Officers, as described in the Companys proxy statement with respect to the Meeting:
Proposal 3.  
 
To vote on a non-binding advisory resolution to determine the frequency (whether annual, biennial or triennial) with which shareholders of the Company shall be entitled to have an advisory vote on executive compensation:
Proposal 4.  
 
To vote on a shareholder proposal made by the Humane Society of the United States:
Proposal 5.  
 
 
 
3
 
 
SIGNATURE
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
4
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20120518161041.txt.gz
TIME:20120518161041
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
1
 
 
Item 2.02.  Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
 
On May 18, 2012, Biglari Holdings Inc. (the Company) issued a Press Release announcing its financial results for its second fiscal quarter, which ended April 11, 2012.  The Companys Press Release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of this report.
 
The information in this Current Report, including the exhibit attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed  filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of such section.  The information in this Current Report, including the exhibit, shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any incorporation by reference language in any such filing, unless the Company expressly sets forth in such future filing that such information is to be considered filed or incorporated by reference therein.
 
Item 9.01   Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
(d) Exhibits.
 
 
 
2
 
 
SIGNATURE
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
3
 
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
San Antonio, TX, May 18  Biglari Holdings Inc. (NYSE: BH) announces its fiscal second quarter 2012 results:
Biglari Holdings Inc.s operating results for the sixteen and twenty-eight weeks, which ended April 11, 2012, are summarized below.  To become apprised fully of our results, shareholders should carefully study our 10-Q, which has been posted at .
www.biglariholdings.com
 
:
Analysis of Results
In the second quarter Steak n Shakes same-store sales advanced 4.8%, principally because customer traffic expanded by 5.2%. Steak n Shakes earnings before interest and taxes increased to $13.1 million, up from $9.5 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2011.
Biglari Holdings has $27.5 million of pre-tax unrealized investment gains, all generated in fiscal 2012. Biglari Holdings carries its investments at market value, with unrealized appreciation, net of income tax effect, included as a separate component of shareholders equity. Shareholders equity can increase by the retention of earnings as well as by unrealized gains on marketable securities (after the effect of income tax, reflecting the amount of taxes that would be paid if gains were realized).
In the above table, we separate earnings from our operating businesses from investment and derivative gains/losses at the holding company. Realizing gains (or losses) in any given quarter can materially impact and thereby distort net income figures as well as comparisons between periods. Because no predictive value exists, we encourage investors to analyze closely our business performance before they interpret the impact of realized gains.
 
 
 
 
About Biglari Holdings Inc.
Biglari Holdings Inc. is a holding company engaged in a number of diverse business activities. Its most important operating subsidiaries are involved in investment management and the franchising/operating of restaurants. All major operating, investment, and capital allocation decisions are made by Sardar Biglari, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, on behalf of the Company and its main operating subsidiaries.
Comment on Regulation G
This press release contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. In addition to the GAAP presentations of net earnings, Biglari Holdings defines operating earnings before interest and taxes outside of the investment gains/losses of the Company and its consolidated affiliated partnerships.
Risks Associated with Forward-Looking Statements
This news release may include "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other federal securities laws. These statements which may concern anticipated future results are based on current expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ markedly from those projected or discussed here. Biglari Holdings cautions readers not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, for actual results may differ materially from expectations. Biglari Holdings does not update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements even if experience or future changes make it clear that any projected results expressed or implied therein will not be realized. Further information on the types of factors that could affect Biglari Holdings and its business can be found in the company's filings with the SEC.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20120810170853.txt.gz
TIME:20120810170853
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02.                      Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
 
On August 10, 2012, Biglari Holdings Inc. (the Company) issued a Press Release announcing its financial results for its third fiscal quarter, which ended July 4, 2012.  The Companys Press Release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of this report.
 
The information in this Current Report, including the exhibit attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed  filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of such section.  The information in this Current Report, including the exhibit, shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any incorporation by reference language in any such filing, unless the Company expressly sets forth in such future filing that such information is to be considered filed or incorporated by reference therein.
 
Item 9.01                      Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
(d) Exhibits.
 
 
 
2
 
 
SIGNATURE
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
3
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
San Antonio, TX, August 10  Biglari Holdings Inc. (NYSE: BH) announces its fiscal third quarter 2012 results:
Biglari Holdings Inc.s operating results for the twelve and forty weeks, which ended July 4, 2012 and July 6, 2011, are summarized below.  To become apprised fully of our results, shareholders should carefully study our 10-Q, which has been posted at .
www.biglariholdings.com
:
Analysis of Results
In the third quarter Biglari Holdings subsidiary, Steak n Shake, had same-store sales increase by 2.9%, principally because customer traffic expanded by 2.2%. Despite the increase in revenue, Steak n Shakes earnings before interest and taxes decreased to $9.0 million from $10.1 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2011. Expenses were higher for several reasons, one of the most significant arising from our efforts to franchise the Steak n Shake concept. Steak n Shakes revenue from franchise fees was up 20% in the third quarter in part because we devoted resources to the franchising business. Steak n Shakes expenses were also impacted negatively by adverse developments in workers compensation and general liability, both in terms of number of cases and their severity.
The comparison of operating earnings of Biglari Holdings in the third quarter of fiscal 2012 with the third quarter of fiscal 2011 is partially distorted because in the prior year there was a non-cash accounting gain, not an economic one, of $1.3 million, tied to the disposition of Mustang Capital.
Investors should also note that Biglari Holdings incurs expenses (e.g., legal and incentive compensation) on the income statement related to its investments, but any corresponding unrealized capital gains run through the balance sheet as other comprehensive income. Biglari Holdings has $52.7 million of pre-tax unrealized investment gains, all generated in fiscal 2012. Biglari Holdings carries its investments at market value, with unrealized appreciation, net of income tax effect, included as a separate component of shareholders equity. Shareholders equity can increase by the retention of earnings as well as by unrealized gains on marketable securities (after the effect of income tax, reflecting the amount of taxes that would be paid if gains were realized).
 
 
 
 
 
It is clear to us at Biglari Holdings that reported earnings are a poor measure of economic advancement for the aforementioned and other key reasons. The Company has $52.7 million of pre-tax unrealized investment gains, which if harvested in any given quarter can materially impact and thereby distort net income figures, as well as comparisons between time periods. Therefore, in the preceding table we separate earnings from our operating businesses and from our investment and derivative gains/losses. Thus, we encourage investors to analyze closely our business performance before they interpret the impact of realized gains as well as fully consider the consequences of expenses relating to investments that result from unrealized gains on marketable securities.
About Biglari Holdings Inc.
Biglari Holdings Inc. is a holding company engaged in a number of diverse business activities. Its most important operating subsidiaries are involved in investment management and the franchising/operating of restaurants. All major operating, investment, and capital allocation decisions are made by Sardar Biglari, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, on behalf of the Company and its main operating subsidiaries.
Comment on Regulation G
This press release contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. In addition to the GAAP presentations of net earnings, Biglari Holdings defines operating earnings before interest and taxes outside of the investment gains/losses of the Company and its consolidated affiliated partnerships.
Risks Associated with Forward-Looking Statements
This news release may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other federal securities laws. These statements which may concern anticipated future results are based on current expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ markedly from those projected or discussed here. Biglari Holdings cautions readers not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, for actual results may differ materially from expectations. Biglari Holdings does not update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements even if experience or future changes make it clear that any projected results expressed or implied therein will not be realized. Further information on the types of factors that could affect Biglari Holdings and its business can be found in the companys filings with the SEC.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20120814170645.txt.gz
TIME:20120814170645
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
Item 5.02.                      Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
 
On August 14, 2012, the Board of Directors (the Board) of Biglari Holdings Inc. (the Company) increased the size of the Board to six members and elected James P. Mastrian as a director of the Company.  The Board also appointed Mr. Mastrian to serve on both the Audit Committee and the Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee.
 
Mr. Mastrian, age 69, retired from Rite Aid Corporation in August 2008. He was the special advisor to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Prior to that, from October 2005 to August 2007, he was the Chief Operating Officer of Rite Aid Corporation.
 
There is no arrangement or understanding between Mr. Mastrian and any other person pursuant to which he was elected as a director of the Company. There are no transactions in which Mr. Mastrian has an interest requiring disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  Mr. Mastrian will receive compensation for his service as a member of the Board in accordance with the Companys standard compensation arrangements for non-employee directors, which are summarized in the Companys Definitive Proxy Statement for its 2012 annual meeting of shareholders, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 16, 2012.
 
 
 
 
 
SIGNATURE
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20120907170035.txt.gz
TIME:20120907170035
EVENTS:	Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
TEXT:
ITEM: Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
 
On April 24, 2012, Biglari Holdings Inc. (the Company) filed a Current Report on Form 8-K (the Original 8-K Report) to report the voting results of its annual meeting of shareholders held on April 19, 2012 (the Annual Meeting), including among other matters, the results of the shareholder vote on the frequency of submission to shareholders of the advisory vote on the compensation paid to the Companys named executive officers as set forth in the Companys proxy statement (the Say on Pay Vote).  This Form 8-K/A is being filed as an amendment to the Original 8-K Report to disclose the decision of the Companys Board of Directors (the Board) as to how frequently the Company will hold the Say on Pay Vote.
 
 At the Annual Meeting, a plurality of the votes cast was voted in favor of holding the Say on Pay Vote annually.  Accordingly, the Board has determined that the Company will hold the Say on Pay Vote at next years annual meeting of shareholders.
 
 
2
 
 
SIGNATURE
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
3


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20120928172831.txt.gz
TIME:20120928172831
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
1
 
 
Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.
   
 
New Credit Facility
 
On September 25, 2012, Steak n Shake Operations, Inc., as borrower (Steak n Shake Operations), Steak n Shake Enterprises, Inc. (Steak n Shake Enterprises) and Steak n Shake, LLC (together with Steak n Shake Enterprises, the Subsidiary Guarantors), as guarantors, each a subsidiary of Biglari Holdings Inc. (Biglari Holdings), entered into a credit agreement (the New Credit Facility) with the lenders party thereto and Fifth Third Bank (Fifth Third), as lead arranger, book manager, administrative agent, collateral agent, swingline lender and issuing bank, Regions Bank, as syndication agent, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. and Compass Bank, as co-documentation agents.  The New Credit Facility consists of a $130,000,000 senior secured term loan facility (the Term Loan) and a $50,000,000 senior secured revolving credit facility (the Revolver).
 
The Term Loan matures on September 25, 2017 and has a repayment schedule with quarterly amortization, beginning on December 31, 2012, initially equal to 1.875% of the initial principal amount of the Term Loan (as adjusted pursuant to the New Credit Facility), together with accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to be paid, with the balance due at maturity. The Revolver will be available until September 25, 2017.  Interest on the Term Loan and the Revolver will be based on a Eurodollar rate plus an applicable margin ranging from 3.00% to 3.75% or on a base rate plus an applicable margin ranging from 2.00% to 2.75%. The applicable margins will be contingent on Steak n Shake Operations total leverage ratio. The Revolver also carries a commitment fee ranging from 0.35% to 0.50%, based on Steak n Shake Operations total leverage ratio, per annum on the unused portion of the credit line. At the closing of the New Credit Facility the interest rate on the Term Loan was 3.72% and there were no borrowings under the Revolver.
 
The New Credit Facility includes customary affirmative and negative covenants and events of default, as well as financial covenants relating to a maximum total leverage ratio and a minimum consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio.
 
Both the Term Loan and the Revolver have been guaranteed by the Subsidiary Guarantors and secured by first priority security interests in substantially all the assets of Steak n Shake Operations (including the capital stock of Steak n Shake Enterprises) and the Subsidiary Guarantors.  Biglari Holdings is not a guarantor under the New Credit Facility.  Approximately $114.2 million of the proceeds of the Term Loan were used to repay all outstanding amounts under Steak n Shake Operations former credit facility and to pay related fees and expenses, and the remaining Term Loan proceeds of approximately $15.8 million will be used by Steak n Shake Operations for working capital and general corporate purposes.
 
Cautionary Statements
 
The representations, warranties and covenants made by the parties in the New Credit Facility are qualified by information in disclosure schedules that the parties exchanged in connection with the execution of the New Credit Facility. Representations and warranties may be used as a tool to allocate risks between the parties, including where the parties do not have complete knowledge of all facts. Accordingly, investors should not rely on the representations, warranties and covenants or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of Biglari Holdings, its subsidiaries or any of Biglari Holdings affiliates.
 
 
2
 
This description of the New Credit Facility is qualified in its entirety by the New Credit Facility filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, which is incorporated herein by reference.
 
Security Agreement
 
In connection with the New Credit Facility, on September 25, 2012, Steak n Shake Operations and the Subsidiary Guarantors (together with the other guarantors from time to time party thereto, the Pledgors) and Fifth Third, in its capacity as collateral agent pursuant to the New Credit Facility, entered into a security agreement (the Security Agreement). Pursuant to the Security Agreement, each Pledgor granted to Fifth Third a lien on all of the Pledged Collateral (as defined in the Security Agreement) as security for the payment and performance in full of all the secured obligations under the New Credit Facility.  The Pledged Collateral does not include the real estate of Steak n Shake Operations and the Subsidiary Guarantors, but such real estate is subject to a springing lien if Steak n Shake Operations does not maintain certain leverage ratios.
 
This description of the Security Agreement is qualified in its entirety by the Security Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, which is incorporated herein by reference.
 
Item 1.02 Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
   
On September 25, 2012, contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of the New Credit Facility, the Credit Agreement, dated as of September 8, 2011, among Steak n Shake Operations, the Subsidiary Guarantors, the lenders party thereto, Jefferies Finance LLC, as lead arranger, book manager, administrative agent and collateral agent, The CIT GROUP/Business Credit, Inc., Regions Bank and CapitalSource Bank, as co-documentation agents, and Fifth Third, as syndication agent, swingline lender and issuing bank, was terminated and all outstanding amounts thereunder were repaid with a portion of the net proceeds from the New Credit Facility.  Steak n Shake Operations incurred no material early termination penalties in connection with the termination of the agreement.
 
Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.
   
 
The disclosure provided under Item 1.01 of this Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03 as if fully set forth herein.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
   
(d)
 
 
3
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
4
 
 
 
 
 
5
 

Exhibit 10.1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
i
 
 
 
 
ii
 
 
 
 
 
 
iii
 
 
 
 
iv
 
 
 
 
v
 
 
 
(this ) dated as of September 25, 2012, among an Indiana corporation (the ), the Subsidiary Guarantors (such term and each other capitalized term used but not defined herein having the meaning given to it in Article I), the Lenders, Fifth Third Bank, as lead arranger (in such capacity, the ), as book manager (in such capacity, the ), as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the ), as collateral agent for the Secured Parties (in such capacity, the ), as swingline lender (in such capacity, the ) for the Lenders, and as issuing bank (in such capacity, the ) for the Lenders, Regions Bank, as syndication agent (in such capacity, the ), and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. and Compass Bank, as co-documentation agents for the Lenders (in such capacity, the ).
This Credit Agreement
Agreement
Steak n Shake Operations, Inc.,
Borrower
Arranger
Book Manager
Administrative Agent
Collateral Agent
Swingline Lender
Issuing Bank
Syndication Agent
Documentation Agents
 
 
, the Borrower has requested the Lenders to extend credit in the form of (a) Term Loans on the Closing Date, in an aggregate principal amount not in excess of $130,000,000, and (b) Revolving Loans at any time and from time to time prior to the Revolving Credit Maturity Date, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not in excess of $50,000,000.  The Borrower has requested the Swingline Lender to extend credit, at any time and from time to time prior to the Revolving Credit Maturity Date, in the form of Swingline Loans, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not in excess of $5,000,000.  The Borrower has requested the Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit, in an aggregate face amount at any time outstanding not in excess of $15,000,000, to support payment obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business by the Borrower and its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries.
Whereas
 
, the proceeds of the Loans are to be used in accordance with Section 3.12.
Whereas
 
, the Lenders are willing to extend such credit to the Borrower, and the Issuing Bank is willing to issue Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower, in each case on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein.
Whereas
 
Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows:
 
 
 
  As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings specified below:
Section 1.01.
 
Defined Terms.
 
when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, is used when such Loan comprising such Borrowing is, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing are, bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate in accordance with the provisions of Article II.
ABR,
 
 
 
 
 
shall mean a Borrowing comprised of ABR Loans.
ABR Borrowing
 
shall mean any ABR Term Loan or ABR Revolving Loan.
ABR Loan
 
shall mean any Revolving Loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate in accordance with the provisions of Article II.
ABR Revolving Loan
 
shall mean any Term Loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate in accordance with the provisions of Article II.
ABR Term Loan
 
shall mean the purchase consideration for a Permitted Acquisition or acquisition permitted pursuant to Section 6.07(f) and all other payments, directly or indirectly, by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in exchange for, or as part of, or in connection with, such acquisition, whether paid in cash or by exchange of Equity Interests or of properties or otherwise and whether payable at or prior to the consummation of such acquisition or deferred for payment at any future time, whether or not any such future payment is subject to the occurrence of any contingency, and includes any and all payments representing the purchase price and any assumptions of Indebtedness and/or Contingent Obligations, earn-outs and other agreements to make any payment the amount of which is, or the terms of payment of which are, in any respect subject to or contingent upon the revenues, income, cash flow or profits (or the like) of any person or business; that any such future payment that is subject to a contingency shall be considered Acquisition Consideration only to the extent of the reserve, if any, required under GAAP (as determined at the time of the consummation of such acquisition) to be established in respect thereof by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.
Acquisition Consideration
provided
 
shall mean, with respect to any Eurodollar Borrowing for any Interest Period, (x) an interest rate per annum (rounded upward, if necessary, to the next 1/100th of 1%) determined by the Administrative Agent to be equal to the LIBOR Rate for such Eurodollar Borrowing in effect for such Interest Period divided by (y) 1 minus the Statutory Reserves (if any) for such Eurodollar Borrowing for such Interest Period.
Adjusted LIBOR Rate
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Annex II.
Additional Amounts
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto and includes each other person appointed as the successor administrative agent pursuant to Article IX.
Administrative Agent
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(b).
Administrative Agent Fees
 
shall mean an Administrative Questionnaire in the form supplied from time to time by the Administrative Agent.
Administrative Questionnaire
 
 
2
 
 
shall mean legal counsel (including local, foreign and in-house counsel), auditors, accountants, consultants, appraisers, engineers or other advisors.
Advisors
 
shall mean, when used with respect to a specified person, another person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the person specified; that, for purposes of Section 6.09, the term Affiliate shall also include (i) any person that directly or indirectly owns more than 10% of any class of Equity Interests of the person specified or (ii) any person that is an officer or director of the person specified.
Affiliate
provided, however,
 
shall mean the Arranger, the Syndication Agent, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Book Manager; and Agent shall mean any of them.
Agents
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto.
Agreement
 
shall mean, for any day, a rate per annum (rounded upward, if necessary, to the next 1/100th of 1%) equal to the greatest of (a) the Base Rate in effect on such day, (b) the Adjusted LIBOR Rate for a Eurodollar Borrowing with a one-month Interest Period commencing on such day plus 1.00% and (c) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus 0.50%.  If the Administrative Agent shall have determined (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that it is unable to ascertain the Federal Funds Effective Rate for any reason, including the inability or failure of the Administrative Agent to obtain sufficient quotations in accordance with the terms of the definition thereof, the Alternate Base Rate shall be determined without regard to clause (c) of the preceding sentence until the circumstances giving rise to such inability no longer exist.  Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Base Rate, the Adjusted LIBOR Rate or the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall be effective on the effective date of such change in the Base Rate, the Adjusted LIBOR Rate or the Federal Funds Effective Rate, respectively.
Alternate Base Rate
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.21(a).
Anti-Terrorism Laws
 
shall mean, for any day, with respect to any Eurodollar Loan, ABR Loan, or Commitment Fee, the applicable percentage set forth in Annex II under the applicable caption.
Applicable Margin
 
shall mean any person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank and other commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender.
Approved Fund
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto.
Arranger
 
shall mean (a) any disposition of any property, by any Company and (b) any issuance or sale of any Equity Interests of any Subsidiary of the Borrower, in each case, to any person other than a Subsidiary of the Borrower that is a Loan Party.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the following shall constitute Asset Sales: (i) any disposition of assets permitted by, or expressly referred to in, Section 6.04(c), 6.06(a), 6.06(g), 6.06(h), 6.06(i), 6.06(j) or 6.06(k), or (ii) solely for purposes of clause (a) above, any disposition of any property, by any Company for Fair Market Value resulting in not more than $2,000,000 in Net Cash Proceeds per asset sale (or series of related asset sales) and not more than $5,000,000 in Net Cash Proceeds in any fiscal year.
Asset Sale
 
 
3
 
 
shall mean an assignment and acceptance entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required pursuant to Section 10.04(b)), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, substantially in the form of Exhibit A, or such other form as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent.
Assignment and Acceptance
 
shall mean, when used with respect to any Sale and Leaseback Transaction, as at the time of determination, the present value (discounted at a rate equivalent to Borrowers then-current weighted average cost of funds for borrowed money as at the time of determination, compounded on a semi-annual basis) of the total obligations of the lessee for rental payments (and substantially similar payments) during the remaining term of the lease included in any such Sale and Leaseback Transaction.
Attributable Indebtedness
 
means those persons shown on the list of officers provided by the Borrower pursuant to Section 4.01 or on any update of any such list provided by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, or any further or different officers of the Borrower so named by any Authorized Representative of the Borrower in a written notice to the Administrative Agent.
Authorized Representative
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Security Agreement.
Bailee Letter
 
shall mean, for any day, the rate of interest announced by the Administrative Agent from time to time as its prime rate as in effect on such day, with any change in the Base Rate resulting from a change in said prime rate to be effective as of the date of the relevant change in said prime rate (it being acknowledged that such rate may not be the Administrative Agents lowest rate).
Base Rate
 
shall mean the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States.
Board
 
shall mean, with respect to any person, (i) in the case of any corporation, the board of directors of such person, (ii) in the case of any limited liability company, the board of managers or board of directors, as applicable, of such person, or if such limited liability company does not have a board of managers or board of directors, the functional equivalent of the foregoing, (iii) in the case of any partnership, the board of directors or board of managers, as applicable, of the general partner of such person and (iv) in any other case, the functional equivalent of the foregoing.
Board of Directors
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto.
Book Manager
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto.
Borrower
 
 
4
 
 
shall mean those Persons whose primary business consists of operating restaurants who are identified in writing by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent prior to the Closing Date, as such list may be supplemented after the Closing Date as reasonably agreed by the Administrative Agent.
Borrower Competitor
 
shall mean (a) Loans of the same Class and Type, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Eurodollar Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect, or (b) a Swingline Loan.
Borrowing
 
shall mean a request by Borrower in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03 and substantially in the form of Exhibit B, or such other form as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent.
Borrowing Request
 
shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which banks in Cincinnati, Ohio are authorized or required by law to close; that when used in connection with a Eurodollar Loan, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open for dealings in Dollar deposits in the London interbank market.
Business Day
provided, however,
 
shall mean, without duplication, for any period (a) any expenditure or commitment to expend money made during such period for any purchase or other acquisition of any asset including capitalized leasehold improvements, which would be classified as a fixed or capital asset on a consolidated balance sheet of Borrower and its Subsidiaries prepared in accordance with GAAP, and (b) Capital Lease Obligations incurred by such persons during such period with respect to real or personal property acquired during such period, or Synthetic Lease Obligations incurred by such persons during such period, but excluding (i) expenditures made in connection with the replacement, substitution or restoration of property pursuant to Section 2.10(e), (ii) the purchase price of equipment that is purchased substantially contemporaneously with the trade-in of existing equipment to the extent that the gross amount of such purchase price is reduced by the credit granted by the seller of such equipment for the equipment being traded in at such time, (iii) any Permitted Acquisitions; and (iv) any acquisitions pursuant to Section 6.07(f).
Capital Expenditures
 
shall mean, with respect to any person, any lease of, or other arrangement conveying the right to use, any property by such person as lessee that has been or should be accounted for as a capital lease on a balance sheet of such person prepared in accordance with GAAP.
Capital Lease
 
of any person shall mean the obligations of such person to pay rent or other amounts under any Capital Lease, any lease entered into as part of any Sale and Leaseback Transaction or any Synthetic Lease, or a combination thereof, which obligations are (or would be, if such Synthetic Lease or other lease were accounted for as a Capital Lease) required to be classified and accounted for as Capital Leases on a balance sheet of such person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof (or the amount that would be capitalized, if such Synthetic Lease or other lease were accounted for as a Capital Lease) determined in accordance with GAAP.
Capital Lease Obligations
 
 
5
 
 
shall mean, as to any person, any matter, directly or indirectly, (i) regarding capital adequacy, capital ratios, capital requirements, the calculation of such persons capital or similar matters, or (ii) affecting the amount of capital required to be obtained or maintained by such person or any person controlling such person (including any direct or indirect holding company), or the manner in which such person or any person controlling such person (including any direct or indirect holding company), allocates capital to any of its contingent liabilities (including letters of credit), advances, acceptances, commitments, assets or liabilities.
Capital Requirements
 
shall mean (a) securities issued, or directly, unconditionally and fully guaranteed or insured, by the United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof ( that the full faith and credit of the United States is pledged in support thereof) having maturities of not more than one year from the date of acquisition by such person, (b) time deposits and certificates of deposit of any Lender or any commercial bank having, or which is the principal banking subsidiary of a bank holding company organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia having, capital and surplus aggregating in excess of $500,000,000 and a rating of BBB+ (or such other similar equivalent rating) or higher by at least one nationally recognized statistical rating organization (as defined in Rule 436 under the Securities Act) with maturities of not more than one year from the date of acquisition by such person, (c) repurchase obligations with a term of not more than 30 days for underlying securities of the types described in clause (a) above entered into with any person meeting the qualifications specified in clause (b) above, (d) commercial paper issued by any person incorporated in the United States having one of the two highest ratings obtainable from Standard & Poors Rating Service or Moodys Investors Service Inc., in each case maturing not more than one year after the date of acquisition by such person, (e) investments in money market funds at least 95% of whose assets are comprised of securities of the types described in clauses (a) through (d) above, and (f) demand deposit accounts maintained in the ordinary course of business with any bank meeting the qualifications specified in clause (b) above.
Cash Equivalents
provided
 
shall mean, with respect to any Letter of Credit, as of any date, that Borrower shall have deposited with the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Revolving Lenders, an amount in cash equal to 105% of the LC Exposure as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon.  Cash Collateralize shall have the correlative meaning.
Cash Collateralized
 
shall mean, for any period, Consolidated Interest Expense for such period, less the sum of (a) interest on any debt paid by the increase in the principal amount of such debt including by issuance of additional debt of such kind or the accretion or capitalization of interest as principal for such period; and (b) items described in clause (c) or, other than to the extent paid in cash or Cash Equivalents, clause (f) of the definition of Consolidated Interest Expense for such period.
Cash Interest Expense
 
shall mean any loss of title (other than through a consensual disposition of such property in accordance with this Agreement) or any loss of or damage to or any destruction of, or any condemnation or other taking (including by any Governmental Authority) of, any property of any Company; that any such event (or series of related events) resulting in Net Cash Proceeds (i) not exceeding $500,000 for any such event (or series of related events) and (ii) not exceeding in the aggregate for all such events (or series of related events) $1,000,000 in any fiscal year, shall not be deemed a Casualty Event. Casualty Event shall include any taking of all or any part of any Real Property of any person or any part thereof, in or by condemnation or other eminent domain proceedings pursuant to any Legal Requirement, or by reason of the temporary requisition of the use or occupancy of all or any part of any Real Property of any person or any part thereof by any Governmental Authority, or any settlement in lieu thereof.
Casualty Event
provided
 
 
6
 
 
shall mean the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, 42 U.S.C.  9601
CERCLA
et seq.
 
A shall mean the occurrence of any of the following:
Change in Control
 
(a)Holdings at any time ceases to own directly 100% of the Equity Interests of the Borrower or ceases to have the power to vote, or direct the voting of, any such Equity Interests;
 
(b)any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or group or its respective subsidiaries, and any person acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan), other than (i) Sardar Biglari or any of his Affiliates and (ii) any direct or indirect Subsidiary of Holdings, is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act, except that for purposes of this clause such person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person or group has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time (such right, an option right)), directly or indirectly, of the Voting Stock of Holdings representing more than 33% of the voting power of the total outstanding Voting Stock of Holdings on a fully diluted basis (and taking into account all such securities that such person or group has the right to acquire (whether pursuant to an option right or otherwise));
 
(c)during any period of 12 consecutive months, a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of Holdings cease to be composed of individuals (i) who were members of that Board of Directors at the commencement of such period, (ii) whose election or nomination to that Board of Directors was approved by individuals referred to in preceding clause (i) constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that Board of Directors or (iii) whose election or nomination to that Board of Directors was approved by individuals referred to in preceding clauses (i) and (ii) constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that Board of Directors (excluding, in the case of both preceding clauses (i) and (ii), any individual whose initial nomination for, or assumption of office as, a member of that Board of Directors occurs as a result of an actual (or threatened) solicitation of proxies or consents for the election or removal of one or more directors by any person or group other than a solicitation for the election of one or more directors by or on behalf of the Board of Directors), or
 
(d)any person or two or more persons acting in concert, other than (i) Sardar Biglari or any of his Affiliates and (ii) any direct or indirect Subsidiary of Holdings, shall have acquired by contract or otherwise, or shall have entered into a contract or arrangement that, upon consummation thereof, will result in its or their acquisition of the power to exercise, directly or indirectly, a controlling influence over the management or policies of Holdings, or control over the Voting Stock of Holdings on a fully-diluted basis (and taking into account all such securities that such person or persons have the right to acquire (whether pursuant to an option right or otherwise)) representing 33% or more of the combined voting power of such Voting Stock.
 
 
7
 
 
shall mean the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation, policy, or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued.
Change in Law
provided
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.13.
Charges
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.03(b).
Claims
 
when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Revolving Loans, Term Loans or Swingline Loans and, when used in reference to any Commitment, refers to whether such Commitment is a Revolving Commitment, Term Loan Commitment or Swingline Commitment.
Class,
 
shall mean the date of the initial Credit Extension hereunder.
Closing Date
 
shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
Code
 
shall mean, collectively, all of the Security Agreement Collateral, the Mortgaged Property and all other property of whatever kind and nature, whether now existing or hereafter acquired, pledged as collateral or otherwise subject to a security interest under any Security Document.
Collateral
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto.
Collateral Agent
 
shall mean, with respect to any Lender, such Lenders Revolving Commitment, Term Loan Commitment or Swingline Commitment.
Commitment
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(a).
Commitment Fee
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.01(b).
Communications
 
 
8
 
 
shall mean the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; and shall mean any one of them.
Companies
Company
 
shall mean a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Borrower substantially in the form of Exhibit C.
Compliance Certificate
 
shall mean that certain confidential information memorandum dated August, 2012.
Confidential Information Memorandum
 
shall mean, for any period, the amortization expense of Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.
Consolidated Amortization Expense
 
shall mean, as at any date of determination, the total assets of Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and deferred taxes) which may properly be classified as current assets on a consolidated balance sheet of Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP; , , that Consolidated Current Assets shall not include any real property assets held for sale regardless of whether those assets are classified as current assets in accordance with GAAP.
Consolidated Current Assets
provided
however
 
shall mean, as at any date of determination, the total liabilities of Borrower and its Subsidiaries which may properly be classified as current liabilities (other than deferred taxes and the current portion of any Loans) on a consolidated balance sheet of Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP.
Consolidated Current Liabilities
 
shall mean, for any period, the depreciation expense of Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.
Consolidated Depreciation Expense
 
shall mean, for any period, Consolidated Net Income for such period, adjusted by (x) adding thereto, without duplication, in each case only to the extent (and in the same proportion) deducted in determining such Consolidated Net Income (and with respect to the portion of Consolidated Net Income attributable to any Subsidiary of Borrower only if a corresponding amount of cash would be permitted to be distributed to Borrower by such Subsidiary by operation of the terms of its Organizational Documents and all agreements, instruments, Orders and other Legal Requirements applicable to such Subsidiary or its equityholders):
Consolidated EBITDA
 
(a)Consolidated Interest Expense for such period;
 
(b)Consolidated Amortization Expense for such period;
 
(c)Consolidated Depreciation Expense for such period;
 
(d)Consolidated Tax Expense for such period; and
 
 
9
 
 
(e)the aggregate amount of all other non-cash items reducing Consolidated Net Income (excluding any non-cash charge that results in an accrual of a reserve for cash charges in any future period or the amortization of a prepaid cash item that was paid in a prior period or any write-down or write off of assets for such period); and
 
(y) subtracting therefrom the aggregate amount of all non-cash items increasing Consolidated Net Income (other than the accrual of revenue or recording of receivables in the ordinary course of business) for such period.
 
shall mean, for any Test Period, the ratio of: (a) Consolidated EBITDA for such Test Period the aggregate amount of Capital Expenditures for such Test Period, to the extent paid in cash, the Consolidated Rental Expense for such Test Period; to (b) Consolidated Fixed Charges for such Test Period.
Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio
minus
plus
 
shall mean, for any period, the sum, without duplication, of:
Consolidated Fixed Charges
 
(a)Consolidated Interest Expense for such period (net of the consolidated interest income of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period);
 
(b)the principal amount of all scheduled amortization payments on all Indebtedness (including the principal component of all Capital Lease Obligations of Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period) as determined on the first day of the respective period (or, with respect to a given issuance of Indebtedness incurred thereafter, on the date of the incurrence thereof);
 
(c)all cash payments in respect of Taxes (including federal, state, local and foreign income taxes) made during such period (net of any cash refund in respect of income taxes actually received by Borrower and its Subsidiaries during such period);
 
(d)all cash Dividends paid to Holdings by Borrower during such period; and
 
(e)Consolidated Rental Expense for such period.
 
In determining the Consolidated Fixed Charges for any period (1) pro forma effect will be given to: the acquisition (whether by purchase, merger or otherwise) or disposition (whether by sale, merger or otherwise) of any property or assets acquired or disposed of by Borrower and/or any of its Subsidiaries since the first day of such period, as if such acquisition or disposition occurred on the first day of such period; (2) interest on Indebtedness bearing a floating interest rate will be computed as if the rate as of the last day of the period had been the applicable rate for the entire period; (3) if such Indebtedness bears, at the option of Borrower and/or any of its Subsidiaries, a fixed or floating rate of interest, interest thereon will be computed by applying, at the option of Borrower, either the fixed or floating rate; and (4) interest on Indebtedness under a revolving credit facility will be computed based upon the average daily balance of such Indebtedness during such period.
 
 
10
 
 
shall mean, as at any date of determination, without duplication, the aggregate amount of all Indebtedness and all LC Exposure of Borrower and its Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.
Consolidated Indebtedness
 
shall mean, for any period, the total consolidated interest expense of Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP plus, without duplication:
Consolidated Interest Expense
 
(a)imputed interest on Capital Lease Obligations and Attributable Indebtedness of Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period;
 
(b)commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to letters of credit securing financial obligations, bankers acceptance financing, receivables financings and similar credit transactions for such period;
 
(c)amortization of debt issuance costs, debt discount or premium and other financing fees and expenses incurred by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries for such period;
 
(d)cash contributions to any employee stock ownership plan or similar trust made by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to the extent such contributions are used by such plan or trust to pay interest or fees to any person (other than Borrower or any of its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries) in connection with Indebtedness incurred by such plan or trust for such period;
 
(e)all interest paid or payable with respect to discontinued operations of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries for such period;
 
(f)the interest portion of any payment obligations of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries for such period deferred for payment at any future time, whether or not such future payment is subject to the occurrence of any contingency, and includes any and all payments representing the purchase price and any assumptions of Indebtedness and/or Contingent Obligations, earn-outs and other agreements to make any payment the amount of which is, or the terms of payment of which are, in any respect subject to or contingent upon the revenues, income, cash flow or profits (or the like) of any person or business; and
 
(g)all interest on any Indebtedness of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of the type described in clause (e) or (j) of the definition of Indebtedness for such period;
 
that (a) to the extent directly related to the Transactions, debt issuance costs, debt discount or premium and other financing fees and expenses shall be excluded from the calculation of Consolidated Interest Expense and (b) Consolidated Interest Expense shall be calculated after giving effect to Hedging Agreements (including associated costs) intended to protect against fluctuations in interest rates, but excluding unrealized gains and losses with respect to any such Hedging Agreements.
provided
 
 
11
 
 
shall mean, for any period, the consolidated net income (or loss) of Borrower and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; that there shall be excluded from such net income (to the extent otherwise included therein), without duplication:
Consolidated Net Income
provided
 
(a)the net income (or loss) of any person (other than a Subsidiary of Borrower) in which any person other than Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries has an ownership interest, except to the extent that cash in an amount equal to any such income has actually been received by Borrower or (subject to clause (b) below) any of its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries from such person during such period;
 
(b)the net income of any Subsidiary of Borrower during such period to the extent that the declaration and/or payment of dividends or similar distributions by such Subsidiary of that income is not permitted by operation of the terms of its Organizational Documents or any agreement, instrument, Order or other Legal Requirement applicable to that Subsidiary or its equityholders during such period, except that Borrowers equity in net loss of any such Subsidiary for such period shall be included in determining Consolidated Net Income;
 
(c)any non-cash gain (or loss), together with any related provisions for taxes on any such gain (or the tax effect of any such loss), realized during such period by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries upon any disposition of assets by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries;
 
(d)non-cash gains and losses due solely to fluctuations in currency values and the related tax effects determined in accordance with GAAP for such period;
 
(e)earnings resulting from any reappraisal, revaluation or write-up of assets;
 
(f)any extraordinary non cash gain (or extraordinary non cash loss), together with any related provision for taxes on any such non cash gain (or the tax effect of any such non cash loss), recorded or recognized by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries during such period;
 
(g)non-cash gains and losses resulting from any reappraisal, revaluation, write-down or write-up of assets (including intangible assets, goodwill and deferred financing costs);
 
(h)unrealized gains and losses with respect to Hedging Obligations for such period; and
 
(i)any non-cash extraordinary or non-cash nonrecurring gain (or extraordinary or nonrecurring loss), together with any related provision for taxes on any such gain (or the tax effect of any such loss), recorded or recognized by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries during such period (for the avoidance of doubt, the write-off of capitalized expenses incurred in connection with the indebtedness listed on Schedule 1.01(d) and the transactions related thereto in an amount not to exceed $1,900,000 shall be included as a nonrecurring loss pursuant to this clause (i));
 
 
12
 
 
For purposes of this definition of Consolidated Net Income, nonrecurring means any gain or loss as of any date that (i) did not occur in the ordinary course of Borrowers or its Subsidiaries business and (ii) is of a nature and type that has not occurred in the prior twelve month period and is not reasonably expected to occur in the future.
 
shall mean, for any period, the aggregate amount of all fixed payments that Borrower and its Subsidiaries are required to make as lessee under, or by the terms of, any lease during such period.
Consolidated Rental Expense
 
shall mean, for any period, the tax expense (including federal, state, local and foreign income taxes) of Borrower and its Subsidiaries, for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.
Consolidated Tax Expense
 
shall mean, as to any person, any obligation, agreement, understanding or arrangement of such person guaranteeing or intended to guarantee any Indebtedness, leases, dividends or other obligations () of any other person (the ) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including any obligation, agreement, understanding or arrangement of such person, whether or not contingent, (a) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor, (b) to advance or supply funds (i) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (ii) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth, net equity, liquidity, level of income, cash flow or solvency of the primary obligor, (c) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the primary obligor of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation, (d) with respect to bankers acceptances, letters of credit and similar credit arrangements, until a reimbursement or equivalent obligation arises (which reimbursement obligation shall constitute a primary obligation), or (e) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the primary obligor of any such primary obligation against loss (in whole or in part) in respect thereof; that the term Contingent Obligation shall not include endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business or any product warranties given in the ordinary course of business.  The amount of any Contingent Obligation shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Contingent Obligation is made (or, if less, the maximum amount of such primary obligation for which such person may be liable, whether singly or jointly, pursuant to the terms of the instrument, agreements or other documents or, if applicable, unwritten agreement, evidencing such Contingent Obligation) or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof (assuming such person is required to perform thereunder) as determined by such person in good faith.
Contingent Obligation
primary obligations
primary obligor
provided, however,
 
shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise, and the terms Controlling and Controlled shall have meanings correlative thereto.
Control
 
 
13
 
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Security Agreement.
Control Agreement
 
shall mean, as the context may require, (i) the making of a Loan by a Lender or (ii) the issuance of any Letter of Credit, or the extension of the expiry date or renewal, or any amendment or other modification to increase the amount, of any existing Letter of Credit, by the Issuing Bank.
Credit Extension
 
shall mean the revolving credit, swingline, letter of credit and term loan facilities.
Credit Facilities
 
shall mean the incurrence by any Company of any Indebtedness after the Closing Date (other than as permitted by Section 6.01).
Debt Issuance
 
shall mean, for any period, Cash Interest Expense for such period plus scheduled principal amortization (whether pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise) of all Indebtedness for such period.
Debt Service
 
shall mean any event, occurrence or condition which is, or upon notice, lapse of time or both would constitute, an Event of Default.
Default
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.16(c).
Default Excess
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.16(c).
Default Period
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(c).
Default Rate
 
shall mean any Lender that has (a) failed to fund its portion of any Borrowing, or any portion of its participation in any Letter of Credit or Swingline Loan, within one Business Day of the date on which it shall have been required to fund the same, unless the subject of a good faith dispute between Borrower and such Lender related hereto, (b) notified Borrower, the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement or has made a public statement to the effect that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations under this Agreement or under agreements in which it commits to extend credit generally, (c) failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or Borrower, to confirm that it will comply with the terms of this Agreement relating to its obligations to fund prospective Loans (unless the subject of a good faith dispute between Borrower and such Lender) and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans; that any such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender under this clause (c) upon receipt of such confirmation by the Administrative Agent or Borrower, (d) otherwise failed to pay over to Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within one Business Day of the date when due (unless the subject of a good faith dispute), or (e) after the Closing Date (i) been adjudicated as, or determined by any Governmental Authority having regulatory authority over such person or its Properties or assets to be, insolvent or (ii) become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or custodian, appointed for it, or has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment, unless, in the case of any Lender referred to in this clause (e), Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender and each Issuing Bank shall be satisfied that such Lender intends, and has all approvals required to enable it, to continue to perform its obligations as a Lender hereunder.  For the avoidance of doubt, a Lender shall not be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in such Lender or its parent by a Governmental Authority; that, as of any date of determination, the determination of whether any Lender is a Defaulting Lender hereunder shall not take into account, and shall not otherwise impair, any amounts funded by such Lender which have been assigned by such Lender to an SPV pursuant to Section 10.04(h).
Defaulting Lender
provided
provided
 
 
14
 
 
shall mean, with respect to any property, any conveyance, sale, lease, sublease, assignment, transfer or other disposition of such property (including (i) by way of merger or consolidation, (ii) any Sale and Leaseback Transaction and (iii) any Synthetic Lease).
disposition
 
shall mean any Equity Interest which, by its terms (or by the terms of any security or instrument into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable or exercisable), or upon the happening of any event, (a) matures (excluding any maturity as the result of an optional redemption by the issuer thereof) or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, on or prior to the first anniversary of the Final Maturity Date, (b) is convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable (unless at the sole option of the issuer thereof) for (i) debt securities or other indebtedness or (ii) any Equity Interests referred to in (a) above, in each case at any time on or prior to the first anniversary of the Final Maturity Date, or (c) contains any repurchase or payment obligation which may come into effect prior to the first anniversary of the Final Maturity Date.
Disqualified Capital Stock
 
shall mean, with respect to any person, that such person has declared or paid a dividend or returned any equity capital to the holders of its Equity Interests or authorized or made any other distribution, payment or delivery of property (other than Qualified Capital Stock of such person) or cash to the holders of its Equity Interests as such, or redeemed, retired, purchased or otherwise acquired, directly or indirectly, for consideration any of its Equity Interests outstanding (or any options or warrants issued by such person with respect to its Equity Interests), or set aside or otherwise reserved, directly or indirectly, any funds for any of the foregoing purposes, or shall have permitted any of its Subsidiaries to purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any of the outstanding Equity Interests of such person (or any options or warrants issued by such person with respect to its Equity Interests).  Without limiting the foregoing, Dividends with respect to any person shall also include all payments made or required to be made by such person with respect to any stock appreciation rights, plans, equity incentive or achievement plans or any similar plans or setting aside of or otherwise reserving any funds for the foregoing purposes.
Dividend
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto.
Documentation Agents
 
 
15
 
 
or shall mean lawful money of the United States.
Dollars
$
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.19.
Embargoed Person
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.10(g).
ECF Percentage
 
shall mean any employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA which is or was maintained or contributed to by any Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates.
Employee Benefit Plan
 
shall mean any surface or subsurface physical medium or natural resource, including air, land, soil, surface waters, ground waters, stream and river sediments, biota and any indoor area, surface or physical medium.
Environment
 
shall mean any claim, notice, demand, Order, action, suit, proceeding, or other communication alleging or asserting liability or obligations under Environmental Law, including liability or obligation for investigation, assessment, remediation, removal, cleanup, response, corrective action, monitoring, post-remedial or post-closure studies, investigations, operations and maintenance, injury, damage, destruction or loss to natural resources, personal injury, wrongful death, property damage, fines, penalties or other costs resulting from, related to or arising out of (i) the presence, Release or threatened Release of Hazardous Material in, on, into or from the Environment at any location or (ii) any violation of or non-compliance with Environmental Law, and shall include any claim, notice, demand, Order, action, suit or proceeding seeking damages (including the costs of remediation), contribution, indemnification, cost recovery, penalties, fines, indemnities, compensation or injunctive relief resulting from, related to or arising out of the presence, Release or threatened Release of Hazardous Material or alleged injury or threat of injury to human health or the Environment.
Environmental Claim
 
shall mean any and all applicable current and future Legal Requirements relating to human health or safety or the Environment, the Release or threatened Release of Hazardous Material, natural resources or natural resource damages, or, to the extent relating to exposure to Hazardous Materials, occupational safety or health.
Environmental Law
 
shall mean any permit, license, approval, consent, registration, notification, exemption or other authorization required by or from a Governmental Authority under any Environmental Law.
Environmental Permit
 
shall mean, with respect to any person, any and all shares, interests, rights to purchase, warrants, options, participations or other equivalents, including membership interests (however designated, whether voting or nonvoting), of equity of such person, including, if such person is a partnership, partnership interests (whether general or limited), or if such person is a limited liability company, membership interests and any other interest or participation that confers on a person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of property of, such partnership, whether outstanding on the date hereof or issued on or after the Closing Date, but excluding debt securities convertible or exchangeable into such equity.
Equity Interest
 
 
16
 
 
shall mean, without duplication, (i) any issuance or sale by the Borrower after the Closing Date of any Equity Interests in the Borrower (including any Equity Interests issued upon exercise of any warrant or option or equity-based derivative) or any warrants or options or equity-based derivatives to purchase Equity Interests in the Borrower, (ii) any Preferred Stock Issuance or (iii) any contribution to the capital of the Borrower.
Equity Issuance
 
shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, the regulations promulgated thereunder and any successor statute.
ERISA
 
shall mean, with respect to any person, any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with such person, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code, or solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code.  Any former ERISA Affiliate of a person or any of its Subsidiaries shall continue to be considered an ERISA Affiliate of such person or such Subsidiary within the meaning of this definition with respect to the period such entity was an ERISA Affiliate of such person or such Subsidiary and with respect to liabilities arising after such period for which such person or such Subsidiary could reasonably be expected to be liable under the Code or ERISA, but in no event for more than six years after such period if no such liability has been asserted against such person or such Subsidiary; that such person or such Subsidiary shall continue to be an ERISA Affiliate of such person or such Subsidiary after the expiration of the six-year period solely with respect to any liability asserted against such person or such Subsidiary prior to the expiration of such six-year period.
ERISA Affiliate
provided, however,
 
shall mean (i) a reportable event within the meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA and the regulations issued thereunder with respect to any Pension Plan; (ii) the failure to meet the minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the Code with respect to any Pension Plan (whether or not waived in accordance with Section 412(d) of the Code) or the failure to make by its due date a required installment of a material amount under Section 412(m) of the Code with respect to any Pension Plan or the failure to make any required contribution of a material amount to a Multiemployer Plan; (iii) the provision by the administrator of any Pension Plan pursuant to Section 4041(a)(2) of ERISA of a notice of intent to terminate such plan in a distress termination described in Section 4041(c) of ERISA; (iv) the withdrawal by any Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates from any Pension Plan with two or more contributing sponsors or the termination of any such Pension Plan resulting in liability to any Company pursuant to Section 4063 or 4064 of ERISA; (v) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate any Pension Plan, or the occurrence of any event or condition which could reasonably be expected to constitute grounds under ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan; (vi) the imposition of liability of a material amount on any Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates pursuant to Section 4062(e) or 4069 of ERISA or by reason of the application of Section 4212(c) of ERISA; (vii) the withdrawal of any Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates in a complete or partial withdrawal (within the meaning of Sections 4203 and 4205 of ERISA) from any Multiemployer Plan, or the receipt by any Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates of notice from any Multiemployer Plan that it is in reorganization or insolvency pursuant to Section 4241 or 4245 of ERISA, or that it intends to terminate or has terminated under Section 4041A or 4042 of ERISA, if, in any such case, there is potential liability of a material amount of any Company therefor; (viii) the assertion of a material claim (other than routine claims for benefits) against any Employee Benefit Plan, or the assets thereof, or against any Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates in connection with any Employee Benefit Plan; (ix) receipt from the Internal Revenue Service of notice of the failure of any Pension Plan (or any other Employee Benefit Plan intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code) to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code, or the failure of any trust forming part of any Pension Plan to qualify for exemption from taxation under Section 501(a) of the Code; (x) the imposition of a Lien pursuant to Section 401(a)(29) or 412(n) of the Code or pursuant to ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan; or (xi) the occurrence of a non-exempt prohibited transaction (within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA) which could reasonably be expected to result in liability of a material amount to any Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates.
ERISA Event
 
 
17
 
 
shall mean a Borrowing comprised of Eurodollar Loans.
Eurodollar Borrowing
 
shall mean any Eurodollar Revolving Loan or Eurodollar Term Loan.
Eurodollar Loan
 
shall mean a Borrowing comprised of Eurodollar Revolving Loans.
Eurodollar Revolving Borrowing
 
shall mean any Revolving Loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBOR Rate.
Eurodollar Revolving Loan
 
shall mean any Term Loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBOR Rate.
Eurodollar Term Loan
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Article VIII, and shall include any Default.
Event of Default
 
shall mean, for any Excess Cash Flow Period, the sum, without duplication, of:
Excess Cash Flow
 
(a)the sum, without duplication, of:
 
(i) Consolidated EBITDA for such Excess Cash Flow Period;
 
(ii)cash items of income during such Excess Cash Flow Period not included in calculating Consolidated EBITDA;
 
(iii)    the decrease, if any, in the Net Working Capital from the beginning to the end of such Excess Cash Flow Period; and
 
(iv)    the reversal, during such Excess Cash Flow Period, of any reserve established pursuant to clause (b)(i) below; minus
 
 
18
 
 
(b)the sum, without duplication, of:
 
(i) the amount of any cash Consolidated Tax Expense paid or payable by Borrower and its Subsidiaries with respect to such Excess Cash Flow Period and for which, to the extent required under GAAP, reserves have been established;
 
(ii)the amount of any cash Permitted Tax Distributions paid during such Excess Cash Flow Period;
 
(iii)    the amount of Debt Service for such Excess Cash Flow Period;
 
(iv)    permanent repayments and prepayments of Indebtedness made by Borrower and its Subsidiaries during such Excess Cash Flow Period but only to the extent that (A) (i) such repayments and prepayments by their terms cannot be reborrowed or redrawn, and (ii) such repayments and prepayments do not occur in connection with a refinancing of all or a portion of such Indebtedness, (B) the amounts used to make such payments are funded from Internally Generated Funds, and (C) the amount of such repayments and prepayments of Indebtedness (other than the Term Loans) do not exceed $10,000,000;
 
(v)the sum of (i) Capital Expenditures made in cash in accordance with Section 6.10 during such Excess Cash Flow Period, to the extent funded from Internally Generated Funds, (ii) cash consideration paid during such Excess Cash Flow Period to make Permitted Acquisitions to the extent funded from Internally Generated Funds, and (iii) cash consideration paid during such Excess Cash Flow Period to make acquisitions permitted pursuant to Section 6.07(f) to the extent funded from Internally Generated Funds;
 
(vi)    the increase, if any, in the Net Working Capital from the beginning to the end of such Excess Cash Flow Period; and
 
(vii)   cash items of expense (including losses) during such Excess Cash Flow Period not deducted in calculating Consolidated EBITDA.
 
shall mean each fiscal year of Borrower commencing after the fiscal year ending in 2013.
Excess Cash Flow Period
 
shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Exchange Act
 
shall mean, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the Issuing Bank or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of Borrower hereunder, (a) income or franchise taxes imposed on (or measured by) its net income by the United States, or by the jurisdiction under the laws of which such recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable lending office is located, and (b) in the case of a Foreign Lender (other than an assignee pursuant to a request by Borrower under Section 2.16), any withholding tax that is imposed on amounts payable to such Foreign Lender at the time such Foreign Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (or designates a new lending office) or is attributable to such Foreign Lenders failure or inability (other than as a result of a Change in Law) to comply with Section 2.15(e), except to the extent that such Foreign Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, at the time of designation of a new lending office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts from Borrower with respect to such withholding tax pursuant to Section 2.15(a) (it being understood and agreed, for the avoidance of doubt, that any withholding tax imposed on a Foreign Lender as a result of a Change in Law occurring after the time such Foreign Lender became a party to this Agreement shall not be an Excluded Tax).
Excluded Taxes
 
 
19
 
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.21(a).
Executive Order
 
shall mean each Letter of Credit previously issued for the account of Fifth Third Bank that (a) is outstanding on the Closing Date and (b) is listed on Schedule 1.01(e).
Existing Letter of Credit
 
shall mean the Confirmation, dated as February 1, 2011, between the Borrower and Fifth Third Bank, which Confirmation forms a part of and is subject to, the ISDA Master Agreement, dated as of January 25, 2011, between the Borrower and Fifth Third Bank, as modified by the Schedule to the Master Agreement, dated as of January 25, 2011.
Existing Hedge Agreement
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.02(c).
Existing Lien
 
shall mean any cash received by or paid to or for the account of any person not in the ordinary course of business, including tax refunds, pension plan reversions, proceeds of insurance, judgments, settlements, condemnation awards (and payments in lieu thereof), indemnity payments, and any purchase price adjustments; that, for the avoidance of doubt, the following shall not be Extraordinary Receipts: (i) the receipt by Borrower of amounts pursuant to Section 2.15(f), (ii) the receipt by Borrower from Holdings or a third-party that is not an Affiliate of any Company of cash in exchange for the issuance of Qualified Capital Stock, (iii) the receipt of insurance proceeds, condemnation awards and other compensation received in respect of any Casualty Events, and (iv) the receipt by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of purchase price credits under any supply agreements or deposits under any franchise agreements.
Extraordinary Receipts
provided
 
shall mean, with respect to any asset (including any Equity Interests of any person), the price at which a willing buyer, not an Affiliate of the seller, and a willing seller who does not have to sell, would agree to purchase and sell such asset, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors or, pursuant to a specific delegation of authority by such Board of Directors or a designated senior executive officer, of the Borrower, or the Subsidiary of the Borrower selling such asset.
Fair Market Value
 
means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and any regulations (whether final, temporary or proposed) that are issued thereunder or official governmental interpretations thereof.
FATCA
 
 
20
 
 
shall mean, for any day, the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System of the United States arranged by federal funds brokers, as published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the average (rounded upwards, if necessary to the next 1/100th of 1%) of the quotations for the day for such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it.
Federal Funds Effective Rate
 
shall mean the confidential Fee Letter, dated August 30, 2012, between the Borrower and Fifth Third Bank.
Fee Letter
 
shall mean the Commitment Fees, the Administrative Agent Fees, the LC Participation Fees, the Fronting Fees and the other fees referred to in Section 2.05(d).
Fees
 
shall mean the later of (i) the Revolving Maturity Date and (ii) the Term Loan Maturity Date.
Final Maturity Date
 
of any person shall mean the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of such person.
Financial Officer
 
shall mean any Lender that is not, for United States federal income tax purposes, (i) a citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation or entity treated as a corporation created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, or any political subdivision thereof, (iii) an estate whose income is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source or (iv) a trust if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of such trust and one or more United States persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of such trust.
Foreign Lender
 
shall mean a Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia.
Foreign Subsidiary
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(c).
Fronting Fee
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.16(c).
Funding Default
 
shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, as in effect from time to time but subject to Section 1.04, applied on a consistent basis.
GAAP
 
shall mean any federal, state, local or foreign (whether civil, criminal, military or otherwise) court, central bank or governmental agency, tribunal, authority, instrumentality or regulatory body or any subdivision thereof or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank).
Governmental Authority
 
shall mean any Legal Requirement of any Governmental Authority requiring notification of the buyer, lessee, mortgagee, assignee or other transferee of any Real Property, facility, establishment or business, or any notification, registration or filing to or with any Governmental Authority, in connection with the disposition (including any transfer of control) of any Real Property, facility, establishment or business, as may be required under any applicable Environmental Law or of any actual or threatened presence or Release in, on, into or from the Environment, or the use, disposal or handling of Hazardous Material on, at, under, from or near the Real Property, facility, establishment or business to be sold, acquired, leased, mortgaged, assigned or transferred.
Governmental Real Property Disclosure Requirements
 
 
21
 
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.04(h).
Granting Lender
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.01.
Guaranteed Obligations
 
shall mean the guarantees issued pursuant to Article VII by the Subsidiary Guarantors.
Guarantees
 
shall mean hazardous substances, hazardous wastes, hazardous materials, polychlorinated biphenyls () or any substance or compound containing PCBs, asbestos or any asbestos-containing materials in any form or condition, lead-based paint, urea formaldehyde, pesticides, radon or any other radioactive materials including any source, special nuclear or by-product material, petroleum, petroleum products, petroleum-derived substances, crude oil or any fraction thereof, any toxic mold, microbial or fungal contamination that could pose a risk to human health or the Environment or would negatively impact the condition of the Real Property in any material respect or any other pollutants, contaminants, chemicals, wastes, materials, compounds, constituents or substances subject to regulation under, or which can give rise to liability or obligations under, any Environmental Laws.
Hazardous Materials
PCBs
 
shall mean (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options or warrants to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by, or otherwise subject to, any master agreement or any netting agreement, and (b) any and all transactions or arrangements of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement (or similar documentation) published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such agreement or documentation, together with any related schedules, a ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement.
Hedging Agreement
Master Agreement
 
shall mean obligations under or with respect to Hedging Agreements.
Hedging Obligations
 
 
22
 
 
shall mean, in respect of any one or more Hedging Agreements, after taking into account the effect of any netting agreements relating to such Hedging Agreements (to the extent, and only to the extent, such netting agreements are legally enforceable in Insolvency Proceedings against the applicable counterparty obligor thereunder), (i) for any date on or after the date such Hedging Agreements have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (ii) for any date prior to the date referenced in preceding clause (i), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Hedging Agreements, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Hedging Agreements (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender).
Hedging Termination Value
 
shall mean Biglari Holdings Inc., an Indiana corporation.
Holdings
 
of any person shall mean, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such person for borrowed money or advances; (b) all obligations of such person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or similar instruments; (c) all obligations of such person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property purchased by such person (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or lender under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property); (d) all obligations of such person issued or assumed as part of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding trade accounts payable and accrued obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business on normal trade terms and not overdue by more than 90 days); (e) all Indebtedness secured by any Lien on property owned or acquired by such person, whether or not the obligations secured thereby have been assumed, but limited to the lower of (i) the Fair Market Value of such property and (ii) the amount of the Indebtedness secured; (f) all Capital Lease Obligations, Purchase Money Obligations and Synthetic Lease Obligations of such person; (g) all obligations of such person, contingent or otherwise, to purchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire for value any Equity Interests of such person, valued, in the case of a redeemable preferred Equity Interest, at the greater of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends; (h) all Hedging Obligations to the extent required to be reflected on a balance sheet of such person, valued at the Hedging Termination Value thereof; (i) all obligations of such person for the reimbursement of any obligor in respect of letters of credit, letters of guaranty, bankers acceptances and similar credit transactions, but excluding obligations with respect to letters of credit (including trade letters of credit) securing obligations of such person described in clause (c) above or entered into in the ordinary course of business of such person to the extent such letters of credit are not drawn upon; and (j) all Contingent Obligations of such person in respect of Indebtedness or obligations of others of the kinds referred to in clauses (a) through (i) above.  The Indebtedness of any person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such person is a general partner) to the extent such person is liable therefor as a result of such persons ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except (other than in the case of general partner liability) to the extent that terms of such Indebtedness expressly provide that such person is not liable therefor.  Indemnified Taxes shall mean Taxes other than Excluded Taxes.
Indebtedness
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.03(b).
Indemnitee
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.12.
Information
 
 
23
 
 
shall mean the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other insolvency, bankruptcy, receivership, liquidation, conservatorship, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, reorganization, or similar Legal Requirements of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally.
Insolvency Laws
 
shall mean (i) any case, action or proceeding before any court or other Governmental Authority relating to bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, liquidation, receivership, dissolution, winding-up or relief of debtors, or (ii) any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, formal or informal moratorium, composition, marshaling of assets for creditors or other, similar arrangement in respect of its creditors generally or any substantial portion of its creditors, in each case, undertaken under United States federal or state or non-United States Legal Requirements, including the Bankruptcy Code of the United States.
Insolvency Proceeding
 
shall mean the insurance policies and coverages required to be maintained by each Loan Party that is an owner or lessee of Mortgaged Property with respect to the applicable Mortgaged Property pursuant to Section 5.04 and all renewals and extensions thereof.
Insurance Policies
 
shall mean, collectively, all provisions of the Insurance Policies, all requirements of the issuer of any of the Insurance Policies and all Orders, rules, regulations and any other requirements of the National Board of Fire Underwriters (or any other body exercising similar functions) binding upon any Loan Party that is an owner of Mortgaged Property and applicable to the Mortgaged Property or any use or condition thereof.
Insurance Requirements
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.06(a).
Intellectual Property
 
shall mean the intercompany demand promissory note substantially in the form of Exhibit D.
Intercompany Note
 
shall mean a request by Borrower to convert or continue a Revolving Borrowing or Term Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.08(b), substantially in the form of Exhibit E.
Interest Election Request
 
shall mean (a) with respect to any ABR Loan (including Swingline Loans), the last Business Day of each month to occur during any period in which such Loan is outstanding, (b) with respect to any Eurodollar Loan, the last day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Eurodollar Loan with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months duration after the first day of such Interest Period, (c) with respect to any Revolving Loan or Swingline Loan, the Revolving Maturity Date (or such earlier date on which the Revolving Commitments are terminated) and, after such maturity (or termination as the case may be), on each date on which demand for payment is made and (d) with respect to any Term Loan, the Term Loan Maturity Date and, after such maturity, on each date on which demand for payment is made.
Interest Payment Date
 
 
24
 
 
shall mean, with respect to any Eurodollar Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, two, three or six months (or, if each affected Lender so agrees, nine or twelve months) thereafter, as Borrower may elect; that (a) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, and (b) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period.  For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing.
Interest Period
provided
 
shall mean funds not constituting the proceeds of any Indebtedness, Debt Issuance, Equity Issuance, Asset Sale or Casualty Event (in each case, without regard to the exclusions from the definitions thereof, other than in the case of an Asset Sale only, any disposition of assets permitted by Section 6.04(c), 6.06(a), 6.06(g), or 6.06(h)).
Internally Generated Funds
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.04.
Investments
 
shall mean, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the International Standby Practices 1998 (or ) published by the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, Inc. (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance of such Letter of Credit).
ISP
ISP 98
 
shall mean, as the context may require, (a) each of Fifth Third Bank and any other Lender reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and Borrower which agrees to issue Letters of Credit hereunder, with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it; (b) any other Lender that may become an Issuing Bank pursuant to Sections 2.18(j) and (k) with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Lender; (c) with respect to each Existing Letter of Credit, the Lender that issued such Existing Letter of Credit, and/or (d) collectively, all of the foregoing.  Any Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by one or more Affiliates of such Issuing Bank (and such Affiliate shall be deemed to be an Issuing Bank for all purposes of the Loan Documents).  In the event that there is more than one Issuing Bank at any time, references herein and in the other Loan Documents to the Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to the Issuing Bank in respect of the applicable Letter of Credit or to all Issuing Banks, as the context requires.
Issuing Bank
 
shall mean a joinder agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit 3 to the Security Agreement.
Joinder Agreement
 
shall mean a Landlord Access Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit F, or such other form as may reasonably be acceptable to the Administrative Agent.
Landlord Access Agreement
 
 
25
 
 
shall mean the commitment of the Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 2.18; that at no time shall the LC Commitment exceed the Revolving Commitment.  The amount of the LC Commitment shall be $15,000,000 on the Closing Date.
LC Commitment
provided
 
shall mean a payment or disbursement made by the Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit.
LC Disbursement
 
shall mean, as at any date of determination, the sum of (a) the aggregate amount available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate principal amount of all Reimbursement Obligations outstanding at such time.  The LC Exposure of any Revolving Lender at any time shall mean its Pro Rata Percentage of the aggregate LC Exposure at such time.  For all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP (or any other equivalent applicable rule with respect to force majeure events), such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding in the amount so remaining available to be drawn.
LC Exposure
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(c).
LC Participation Fee
 
shall mean a request by Borrower in accordance with the terms of Section 2.18(b) and substantially in the form of Exhibit G, or such other form as shall be approved by the Issuing Bank.
LC Request
 
shall mean any and all leases, subleases, tenancies, options, concession agreements, rental agreements, occupancy agreements, franchise agreements, access agreements and any other agreements (including all amendments, extensions, replacements, renewals, modifications and/or guarantees thereof), whether or not of record and whether now in existence or hereafter entered into, affecting the use or occupancy of all or any portion of any Real Property.
Leases
 
shall mean, as to any person, the Organizational Documents of such person, and any treaty, law (including the common law), statute, ordinance, code, rule, regulation, guidelines, license, permit requirement, Order or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such person or any of its property or to which such person or any of its property is subject.
Legal Requirements
 
shall mean (a) the financial institutions and other persons party hereto as Lenders on the date hereof, and (b) each financial institutions or other person that becomes a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance, other than, in each case, any such financial institution or person that has ceased to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance.  Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, the term Lenders shall include the Swingline Lender.
Lenders
 
shall mean any standby letter of credit issued or to be issued by an Issuing Bank for the account of Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries pursuant to Section 2.18.
Letter of Credit
 
 
26
 
 
shall mean the date which is five Business Days prior to the Revolving Maturity Date.
Letter of Credit Expiration Date
 
shall mean, with respect to any Eurodollar Borrowing for any Interest Period therefor, the rate per annum equal to the arithmetic mean (rounded to the nearest 1/100th of 1%) of the offered rates for deposits in Dollars with a term comparable to such Interest Period that appears on Reuters Screen LIBOR01 (or such other page as may replace such page on such service for the purpose of displaying the rates at which Dollar deposits are offered by leading banks in the London interbank deposit market as designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at approximately 11:00 a.m., London, England time, on the second full Business Day preceding the first day of such Interest Period; that (i) if no comparable term for an Interest Period is available, the LIBOR Rate shall be determined using the weighted average of the offered rates for the two terms most nearly corresponding to such Interest Period and (ii) if Reuters Screen LIBOR01 shall at any time no longer exist, LIBOR Rate shall mean, with respect to each day during each Interest Period pertaining to Eurodollar Borrowings comprising part of the same Borrowing, the rate per annum equal to the rate at which the Administrative Agent is offered deposits in Dollars at approximately 11:00 a.m., London, England time, two Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period in the London interbank market for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period for the number of days comprised therein and in an amount comparable to its portion of the amount of such Eurodollar Borrowing to be outstanding during such Interest Period.  Reuters Screen LIBOR01 shall mean the display page designated as the Reuters Screen LIBOR01 Page on the Reuters Monitor Money Rates service (or such other page as may replace such page on such service for the purpose of displaying the rates at which Dollar deposits are offered by leading banks in the London interbank deposit market).
LIBOR Rate
provided, however,
 
shall mean, with respect to any property, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien (statutory or other), pledge, encumbrance, claim, charge, assignment, hypothecation, deposit arrangement, security interest or encumbrance of any kind or any arrangement to provide priority or preference or any filing of any financing statement under the UCC or any other similar notice of Lien under any similar notice or recording statute of any Governmental Authority, including any easement, servitude, right-of-way or other encumbrance on title to Real Property, in each of the foregoing cases whether voluntary or imposed by law, and any agreement to give any of the foregoing, (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such property, and (c) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities.
Lien
 
shall mean, as the context may require, a Revolving Loan, a Term Loan or a Swingline Loan.
Loan
 
shall mean this Agreement, the Letters of Credit, the Notes (if any), the Security Documents, each Joinder Agreement and, except for purposes of Section 10.02(b), the Fee Letter.
Loan Documents
 
shall mean the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors.
Loan Parties
 
 
27
 
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Regulation U.
Margin Stock
 
shall mean (a) a material adverse effect on, or material adverse change in, the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, assets, liabilities (contingent or otherwise), properties, solvency, business or value of the Companies, taken as a whole, or the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, (b) material impairment of the ability of the Loan Parties to fully and timely perform any of their obligations under any Loan Document, (c) a material impairment of the rights of or benefits or remedies available to the Lenders, the Issuing Bank or any Agent under any Loan Document, or (d) a material adverse effect on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) or the Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent (for its benefit and for the benefit of the other Secured Parties) on the Collateral or the validity, enforceability, perfection or priority of such Liens.
Material Adverse Effect
 
shall mean any agreement, contract or instrument to which any Company is a party or by which any Company or any of its properties is bound (i) pursuant to which any Company is required to make payments or other consideration, or will receive payments or other consideration, in excess of $2,500,000 in any twelve month period, or (ii) the termination or suspension of which, or the failure of any party thereto to perform its obligations thereunder, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Material Agreement
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.13.
Maximum Rate
 
shall mean an agreement, including a mortgage, deed of trust or any other document, creating and evidencing a first priority Lien (subject to Permitted Collateral Liens) on a Mortgaged Property, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit H or other form reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, in each case, with such schedules and including such provisions as shall be necessary to conform such document to applicable local or foreign law or as shall be customary under applicable local or foreign Legal Requirements.
Mortgage
 
shall mean each Real Property, if any, which shall be subject to a Mortgage delivered after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 5.10(d).
Mortgaged Property
 
shall mean (i) the first date on which the Borrowers Total Leverage Ratio, calculated as of the last day of the most recent Test Period, is greater than or equal to 3.75:1.00 or (ii) at any time upon and during the continuance of any Default, the date specified as the Mortgage Trigger Date by the Administrative Agent.
Mortgage Trigger Date
 
shall mean a multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) or Section 3(37) of ERISA, (a) to which any Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates is then making or accruing an obligation to make contributions, (b) to which any Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates has within the preceding six plan years made or been obligated to make contributions, or (c) with respect to which any Company could incur liability.
Multiemployer Plan
 
shall mean:
Net Cash Proceeds
 
(a)with respect to any Asset Sale (other than any issuance or sale of Equity Interests), the proceeds thereof in the form of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities (including any such proceeds received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or purchase price adjustment receivable, or by the sale, transfer or other disposition of any non-cash consideration received in connection therewith or otherwise, but only as and when received) received by any Company (including cash proceeds subsequently received (as and when received by any Company) in respect of non-cash consideration initially received) net of (i) reasonable and customary selling expenses (including reasonable brokers fees or commissions, legal, accounting and other professional and transactional fees, transfer and similar taxes (but excluding any such amounts payable to any Affiliate of Borrower) and Borrowers good faith estimate of income taxes paid or payable in connection with such sale (after taking into account any available tax credits or deductions and any tax sharing arrangements)), (ii) amounts provided as a reserve, in accordance with GAAP, against (x) any liabilities under any indemnification obligations associated with such Asset Sale or (y) any other liabilities retained by any Company associated with the properties sold in such Asset Sale ( that, to the extent and at the time any such amounts are released from such reserve, such amounts shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds), and (iii) the principal amount, premium or penalty, if any, interest and other amounts on any Indebtedness for borrowed money that is secured by a Lien on the properties sold in such Asset Sale (so long as such Lien was permitted to encumber such properties under the Loan Documents at the time of such sale) and which is repaid with such proceeds (other than any such Indebtedness assumed by the purchaser of such properties);
provided
 
 
28
 
 
(b)with respect to any (i) Debt Issuance, (ii) Equity Issuance (iii) other issuance or sale of Equity Interests by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any Extraordinary Receipts, the cash proceeds thereof received by any Company, net of reasonable and customary fees (including legal, accounting and other professional and transaction fees and brokers fees), commissions, costs and other expenses incurred in connection therewith; and
 
(c)with respect to any Casualty Event, the cash insurance proceeds, condemnation awards and other compensation received by any Company in respect thereof, net of all reasonable costs and expenses (including legal, accounting and other professional and transaction fees and brokers fees) incurred in connection with the collection of such proceeds, awards or other compensation in respect of such Casualty Event (including legal, accounting and other professional and transaction fees and brokers fees).
 
shall mean, at any time, Consolidated Current Assets at such time minus Consolidated Current Liabilities at such time.
Net Working Capital
 
shall mean any notes evidencing the Term Loans, Revolving Loans or Swingline Loans, in each case issued pursuant to Section 2.04(e), if any, substantially in the form of Exhibit I-1, I-2 or I-3, respectively.
Notes
 
shall mean (a) all obligations of Borrower and the other Loan Parties from time to time arising under or in respect of the due and punctual payment of (i) the principal of and premium, if any, and interest (including interest accruing during the pendency of any Insolvency Proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such Insolvency Proceeding) on the Loans, when and as due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, upon one or more dates set for prepayment or otherwise, (ii) each payment required to be made by Borrower and the other Loan Parties under this Agreement in respect of any Letter of Credit, when and as due, including payments in respect of Reimbursement Obligations, interest thereon and obligations to provide cash collateral and (iii) all other monetary obligations, including fees, costs, expenses and indemnities, whether primary, secondary, direct, contingent, fixed or otherwise (including monetary obligations incurred during the pendency of any Insolvency Proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such Insolvency Proceeding), of Borrower and the other Loan Parties under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and (b) the due and punctual performance of all covenants, agreements, obligations and liabilities of Borrower and the other Loan Parties under or pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, in each case, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising.
Obligations
 
 
29
 
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.21(b).
OFAC
 
shall mean a certificate executed by (i) the chairman of the Board of Directors (if an officer), the chief executive officer or the president and (ii) one of the Financial Officers, each in his or her official (and not individual) capacity.
Officers Certificate
 
shall mean any judgment, decree, verdict, order, consent order, consent decree, writ, declaration or injunction.
Order
 
shall mean, with respect to any person, (i) in the case of any corporation, the certificate of incorporation or deed of incorporation and by-laws (or similar documents) of such person, (ii) in the case of any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement or memorandum and articles of association (or similar constitutive documents) of such person, (iii) in the case of any limited partnership, the certificate of formation and limited partnership agreement (or similar constitutive documents) of such person (and, where applicable, the equityholders or shareholders registry of such person), (iv) in the case of any general partnership, the partnership agreement (or similar constitutive document) of such person, (v) in any other case, the functional equivalent of the foregoing, and (vi) any shareholder, voting trust or similar agreement between or among any holders of Equity Interests of such person.
Organizational Documents
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.04(l).
Other Investments Basket
 
shall mean any and all present or future stamp or documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges (including fees and expenses to the extent incurred with respect to any such taxes or charges) or similar levies (including interest, fines, penalties and additions with respect to any of the foregoing) arising from any payment made or required to be made under any Loan Document or from the execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document.
Other Taxes
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.04(e).
Participant
 
 
30
 
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.21(a).
Patriot Act
 
shall mean the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA.
PBGC
 
shall mean any Employee Benefit Plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA which is maintained or contributed to by any Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates or with respect to which any Company could reasonably be expected to incur liability, contingent or otherwise, under ERISA (including under Section 4069 of ERISA).
Pension Plan
 
shall mean a perfection certificate in the form of Exhibit J-1 or any other form approved by the Collateral Agent, as the same shall be supplemented from time to time by a Perfection Certificate Supplement or otherwise.
Perfection Certificate
 
shall mean a perfection certificate supplement in the form of Exhibit J-2 or any other form approved by the Collateral Agent.
Perfection Certificate Supplement
 
shall mean any transaction or series of related transactions for the direct or indirect (a) acquisition of all or substantially all of the property of any person, or of any business or division of any person, (b) acquisition of in excess of 50% of the Equity Interests of any person, and otherwise causing such person to become a Subsidiary of such person, or (c) merger or consolidation or any other combination with any person, if each of the following conditions is met:
Permitted Acquisition
 
(i) no Default or Event of Default then exists or would result therefrom;
 
(ii)after giving effect to such transaction on a Pro Forma Basis, (A) Borrower shall be in compliance with all covenants set forth in Section 6.10 as of the most recent Test Period (assuming, for purposes of Section 6.10(a), that (i) such transaction had occurred on the first day of such relevant Test Period, and (ii) the maximum Total Leverage Ratio permitted in any Test Period pursuant to Section 6.10(a) is the lesser of (1) 3.00:1.00 and (2) 0.25:1.00 lower than the maximum Total Leverage Ratio set forth in Section 6.10(a) for such Test Period), and (B) to the extent that (i) the transaction involves Acquisition Consideration in excess of $5,000,000 or (ii) the Borrower is not in compliance with the covenant set forth in Section 6.10(a) as of the most recent Test Period (assuming, for purposes of Section 6.10(a), that (1) such transaction had occurred on the first day of such relevant Test Period, and (2) the maximum Total Leverage Ratio permitted in any Test Period pursuant to Section 6.10(a) is 0.50:1.00 lower than the maximum Total Leverage Ratio set forth in Section 6.10(a) for such Test Period), the person or business to be acquired shall have generated positive cash flow for the Test Period most recently ended prior to the date of consummation of such acquisition unless expressly approved by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion;
 
(iii)    after giving effect to such transaction on a Pro Forma Basis, the aggregate amount of (A) all unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents of the Loan Parties and (B) the undrawn and available portion of the Revolving Commitments shall be at least $10,000,000;
 
 
31
 
 
(iv)    no Company shall, in connection with any such transaction, assume or remain liable with respect to any Indebtedness or Contingent Obligation (including any material tax or ERISA liability) of the related seller or the business, person or properties acquired, except (A) to the extent permitted under Section 6.01 and (B) obligations not constituting Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business (and not in anticipation of such acquisition) and necessary or desirable to the continued operation of the underlying business, persons or properties being so acquired, and any other such liabilities or obligations not permitted to be assumed or otherwise supported by any Company hereunder shall be paid in full or released as to the business, persons or properties being so acquired on or before the consummation of such acquisition;
 
(v)     the person or business to be acquired shall be, or shall be engaged in, a business of the type that Borrower and its Subsidiaries are permitted to be engaged in under Section 6.14 and the property acquired in connection with any such transaction shall be made subject to the Lien of the Security Documents in accordance with Section 5.10 and shall be free and clear of any Liens, other than Permitted Collateral Liens;
 
(vi)    the Board of Directors of the person to be acquired shall not have indicated its opposition to the consummation of such acquisition (which opposition has not been publicly withdrawn);
 
(vii)   all transactions in connection therewith shall be consummated, in all material respects, in accordance with all applicable Legal Requirements;
 
(viii)  with respect to any transaction involving Acquisition Consideration of more than $10,000,000, Borrower shall have provided the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with (A) historical financial statements for the last three fiscal years (or, if less, the number of years since formation) of the person or business to be acquired (audited if available without undue cost or delay) and unaudited financial statements thereof for the most recent interim period that is available, (B) quarterly projections for the year following such Permitted Acquisition and annual projections for the year immediately following such year (or, if sooner, through the Final Maturity Date) pertaining to the person or business to be acquired and updated projections for Borrower after giving effect to such transaction, (C) a reasonably detailed description of all material information relating thereto and copies of all material documentation pertaining to such transaction, and (D) all such other information and data relating to such transaction or the person or business to be acquired as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, to the extent made available to or otherwise obtainable by Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor; of the transaction, Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders an Officers Certificate certifying that such transaction complies with this definition (which shall have attached thereto reasonably detailed backup data and calculations showing such compliance);
 
(xi)    the aggregate amount of the Acquisition Consideration for all Permitted Acquisitions, when taken together with the aggregate amount of Acquisition Consideration for all acquisitions permitted pursuant to Section 6.07(f), in each case, since the Closing Date shall not exceed $50,000,000; that no Equity Interests constituting all or a portion of such Acquisition Consideration shall require any payments or other distributions of cash or property in respect thereof, or any purchases, redemptions or other acquisitions thereof for cash or property, in each case prior to the 91st day following payment in full and performance of the Obligations; and
provided
 
 
32
 
 
(xii)(a) in the case of an acquisition of all or substantially all of the property of any person, (A) the person making such acquisition is Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor, and (B) to the extent required under the Loan Documents, including Section 5.10, upon consummation of the Permitted Acquisition, the person being so acquired becomes a Subsidiary Guarantor, (b) in the case of an acquisition of in excess of 50% of the Equity Interests of any person, (A) the person making such acquisition is Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor, and (B) to the extent required under the Loan Documents, including Section 5.10, upon consummation of the Permitted Acquisition, the person the Equity Interests of which are being so acquired becomes a Subsidiary Guarantor, and (c) in the case of a merger or consolidation or any other combination with any person, the person surviving such merger, consolidation or other combination (x) is Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor or (y) to the extent required under the Loan Documents, including Section 5.10, upon consummation of the Permitted Acquisition becomes a Subsidiary Guarantor.
 
shall mean (a) in the case of Collateral other than Mortgaged Property, Permitted Liens and (b) in the case of Mortgaged Property, Permitted Collateral Liens shall mean the Liens described in clauses (a), (b), (d), (e), (g) and (l) of Section 6.02; upon the date of delivery of each Mortgage under Section 5.10 or 5.11, Permitted Collateral Liens shall mean only those Liens that are (i) identified on a schedule to the applicable Mortgage, (ii) excepted as being prior to the Lien of such Mortgage as set forth in the title insurance policy (or commitment) relating to such Mortgaged Property issued by the applicable Title Company and (iii) otherwise Permitted Liens.
Permitted Collateral Liens
provided, however,
 
shall mean any Hedging Agreement to the extent constituting a swap, cap, collar, forward purchase or similar agreements or arrangements dealing with interest rates, currency exchange rates or commodity prices, either generally or under specific contingencies, in each case entered into in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes or taking a market view.
Permitted Hedging Agreement
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.02.
Permitted Liens
 
shall mean payments, dividends or distributions by Borrower to Holdings in order to pay consolidated or combined federal, state or local taxes which payments by Borrower are not in excess of the tax liabilities that would have been payable by Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a stand-alone basis.
Permitted Tax Distributions
 
shall mean any natural person, corporation, business trust, joint venture, trust, association, company (whether limited in liability or otherwise), partnership (whether limited in liability or otherwise) or Governmental Authority, or any other entity, in any case, whether acting in a personal, fiduciary or other capacity.
person
 
 
33
 
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.01(d).
Platform
 
shall mean each Company listed on Schedule 1.01(c), and each other Subsidiary of any Loan Party that is or becomes a party to this Agreement (in its capacity as a Subsidiary Guarantor) and the Security Documents pursuant to Section 5.10.
Pledgor
 
shall mean, with respect to any person, any and all preferred or preference Equity Interests (however designated) of such person whether now outstanding or issued after the Closing Date.
Preferred Stock
 
shall mean the issuance or sale by any Company of any Preferred Stock after the Closing Date.
Preferred Stock Issuance
 
shall have the meaning assigned thereto in the applicable Mortgage.
Premises
 
shall mean, with respect to compliance with any test or covenant hereunder, compliance with such covenant or test after giving effect to (a) any Permitted Acquisition (to the extent not subsequently disposed of during such period), (b) any Asset Sale, or (c) any Dividend, as if such Permitted Acquisition, Asset Sale or Dividend, and all other Permitted Acquisitions, Asset Sales or Dividends consummated during the applicable period, and any Indebtedness or other liabilities incurred in connection with such Permitted Acquisitions, Asset Sales or Dividends had been consummated and incurred at the beginning of such period.  For purposes of this definition, if any Indebtedness to be so incurred bears interest at a floating rate and is being given pro forma effect, the interest on such Indebtedness will be calculated as if the rate in effect on the date of incurrence had been the applicable rate for the entire period (taking into account any applicable interest rate Hedging Agreements).
Pro Forma Basis
 
of any Revolving Lender at any time shall mean the percentage of the total Revolving Commitments of all Revolving Lenders represented by such Lenders Revolving Commitment.
Pro Rata Percentage
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.04(c).
Projections
 
shall mean any right, title or interest in or to property or assets of any kind whatsoever, whether real, personal or mixed and whether tangible or intangible and including Equity Interests of any person and whether now in existence or owned or hereafter entered into or acquired, including all Real Property, cash, securities, accounts, revenues and contract rights.
property
 
shall mean, for any person, the obligations of such person in respect of Indebtedness (including Capital Lease Obligations) incurred for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price of any fixed or capital assets (including Equity Interests of any person owning fixed or capital assets) or the cost of installation, construction or improvement of any fixed or capital assets.
Purchase Money Obligation
 
of any person shall mean any Equity Interests of such person that are not Disqualified Capital Stock.
Qualified Capital Stock
 
 
34
 
 
shall mean, collectively, all right, title and interest (including any leasehold, fee, mineral or other estate) in and to any and all parcels of or interests in real property owned, leased or operated by any person, whether by lease, license or other means, together with, in each case, all easements, hereditaments and appurtenances relating thereto, all improvements and appurtenant fixtures and equipment, all general intangibles and contract rights and other property and rights incidental to the ownership, lease or operation thereof.
Real Property
 
shall mean the repayment in full of, and the termination of any commitment to make extensions of credit under, all of the outstanding indebtedness of any Company listed on Schedule 1.01(d).
Refinancing
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.04(c).
Register
 
shall mean Regulation D of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof.
Regulation D
 
shall mean Regulation T of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof.
Regulation T
 
shall mean Regulation U of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof.
Regulation U
 
shall mean Regulation X of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof.
Regulation X
 
shall mean Borrowers obligations under Section 2.18(e) to reimburse LC Disbursements.
Reimbursement Obligations
 
shall mean, with respect to any person, (a) each Affiliate of such person and each of the officers, directors, partners, trustees, employees, affiliates, shareholders, Advisors, agents, attorneys-in-fact and Controlling persons of each of the foregoing, and (b) if such person is an Agent, each other person designated, nominated or otherwise mandated by or assisting such Agent pursuant to Section 9.05 or any comparable provision of any Loan Document.
Related Person
 
shall mean any spilling, leaking, seepage, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping, disposing, depositing, dispersing, emanating or migrating of any Hazardous Materials in, into, onto, from or through the Environment or any Real Property.
Release
 
shall mean, at any date of determination (and subject to Section 2.16(c)), Lenders having Loans, LC Exposure and unused Revolving and Term Loan Commitments representing more than 50% of the sum of all Loans outstanding, LC Exposure and unused Revolving and Term Loan Commitments at such time.
Required Lenders
 
shall mean (a) response as such term is defined in CERCLA, 42 U.S.C.  9601(25) or any other applicable Environmental Law, or (b) all other actions required by any Governmental Authority or voluntarily undertaken to (i) clean up, remove, treat, remediate, contain, assess, abate, monitor or in any other way address any Hazardous Materials at, in, on, under or from any Real Property, or otherwise in the Environment, (ii) prevent, stop, control or minimize the Release or threat of Release, or minimize the further Release, of any Hazardous Material, or (iii) perform studies, investigations, maintenance or monitoring in connection with, following, or as a precondition to or to determine the necessity of, the actions set forth in clause (i) or (ii) above.
Response
 
 
35
 
 
shall mean Indebtedness of any Company, the payment, prepayment, repurchase, defeasance or acquisition for value of which is restricted under Section 6.11.
Restricted Indebtedness
 
of any person shall mean any executive officer or Financial Officer of such person and any other officer or similar official thereof with significant responsibility for the administration of the obligations of such person in respect of this Agreement.
Responsible Officer
 
shall mean the period from and including the Closing Date to but excluding the earlier of (i) the Business Day preceding the Revolving Maturity Date and (ii) the date of termination of the Revolving Commitments.
Revolving Availability Period
 
shall mean a Borrowing comprised of Revolving Loans.
Revolving Borrowing
 
shall mean, with respect to each Lender, the commitment, if any, of such Lender to make Revolving Loans hereunder up to the amount set forth on Annex I or on Schedule 1 to the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender assumed its Revolving Commitment, as applicable, as the same may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.07, and (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 10.04.  The aggregate principal amount of the Lenders Revolving Commitments on the Closing Date is $50,000,000.
Revolving Commitment
 
shall mean, with respect to any Lender at any time, the aggregate principal amount at such time of all outstanding Revolving Loans of such Lender, plus the aggregate amount at such time of such Lenders LC Exposure, plus the aggregate amount at such time of such Lenders Swingline Exposure.
Revolving Exposure
 
shall mean a Lender with a Revolving Commitment.
Revolving Lender
 
shall mean a Loan made by the Lenders to Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(b).  Each Revolving Loan shall either be an ABR Revolving Loan or a Eurodollar Revolving Loan.
Revolving Loan
 
shall mean September 25, 2017, the date which is five years after the Closing Date or, if such date is not a Business Day, the first Business Day thereafter.
Revolving Maturity Date
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.03.
Sale and Leaseback Transaction
 
 
36
 
 
shall mean the United States Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 
shall mean (a) the Obligations, (b) the due and punctual payment and performance of all obligations of Borrower and the other Loan Parties under (i) each Permitted Hedging Agreement intended to protect against fluctuations in interest rates entered into with any counterparty that is a Secured Party and (ii) the Existing Hedge Agreement so long as Fifth Third Bank is a Lender or is otherwise a Secured Party and (c) the due and punctual payment and performance of all obligations of Borrower and the other Loan Parties in respect of overdrafts and related liabilities owed to any Secured Party arising from treasury, depositary and cash management services, commercial credit card, stored value card, and merchant card services, or in connection with any automated clearinghouse transfer of funds.
Secured Obligations
 
shall mean, collectively:
Secured Parties
 
(a)with respect to the Obligations, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, each other Agent and the Lenders;
 
(b)with respect to obligations under Permitted Hedging Agreements intended to protect against fluctuations in interest rates, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, each other Agent, the Lenders and each counterparty to a Permitted Hedging Agreement relating to the Loans if (i) at the date of entering into such Hedging Agreement such counterparty was an Agent, a Lender or an Affiliate of an Agent or Lender, and (ii) if such counterparty is an Affiliate of an Agent or Lender, such counterparty executes and delivers to the Administrative Agent a letter agreement in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent pursuant to which such counterparty (x) appoints the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent as its agents under the applicable Loan Documents and (y) agrees to be bound by the provisions of Sections 9.03, 10.03 and 10.09 as if it were a Lender; and
 
(c)with respect to overdrafts and related liabilities arising from treasury, depositary and cash management services, commercial credit card, stored value card, and merchant card services, or in connection with any automated clearinghouse transfer of funds, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, each other Agent, each Lender, and each Affiliate of an Agent or Lender that, in each case, provides treasury, depositary and/or cash management services to a Loan Party; that such Affiliate executes and delivers to the Administrative Agent a letter agreement in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent pursuant to which such Affiliate (x) appoints the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent as its agents under the applicable Loan Documents and (y) agrees to be bound by the provisions of Sections 9.03, 10.03 and 10.09 as if it were a Lender.
provided
 
shall mean the Securities Act of 1933.
Securities Act
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Security Agreement.
Securities Collateral
 
 
37
 
 
shall mean a Security Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit K among the Loan Parties and the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, as the same may be supplemented from time to time by one or more Joinder Agreements.
Security Agreement
 
shall mean all property pledged or granted as collateral pursuant to the Security Agreement delivered on the Closing Date or thereafter pursuant to Section 5.10.
Security Agreement Collateral
 
shall mean the Security Agreement, the Mortgages, each Control Agreement and each other security document or pledge agreement delivered in accordance with applicable local or foreign Legal Requirements to grant a valid, enforceable, perfected security interest (with the priority required under the Loan Documents) in any property as collateral for the Secured Obligations, and all UCC or other financing statements or instruments of perfection required by this Agreement, the Security Agreement, any Mortgage, any Control Agreement or any other such security document or pledge agreement to be filed or registered with respect to the security interests in property created pursuant to the Security Agreement, any Mortgage, any Control Agreement and any other document or instrument utilized to pledge any property as collateral for the Secured Obligations.
Security Documents
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.01(g).
Solvency Certificate
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.04(h).
SPV
 
shall mean, for any day during any Interest Period for any Eurodollar Borrowing, the average maximum rate at which reserves (including any marginal, supplemental or emergency reserves) are required to be maintained, during such Interest Period under regulations issued from time to time (including Regulation D, issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Bank of the United States (the ) by member banks of the United States Federal Reserve System in New York City with deposits exceeding one billion Dollars against Eurocurrency funding liabilities (currently referred to as (as such term is used in Regulation D)).  Eurodollar Borrowings shall be deemed to constitute Eurodollar liabilities and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exceptions or offsets which may be available from time to time to any Lender under the Reserve Regulations.
Statutory Reserves
Reserve Regulations
Eurocurrency liabilities
 
shall mean Indebtedness of any Company that is by its terms subordinated in right of payment to all or any portion of the Secured Obligations.
Subordinated Indebtedness
 
shall mean, with respect to any person (the ) at any date, (i) any person the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parents consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, (ii) any other corporation, limited liability company, association or other business entity of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50% of the voting power of all Equity Interests entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of the Board of Directors thereof are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held by the parent and/or one or more subsidiaries of the parent, (iii) any partnership (a) the sole general partner or the managing general partner of which is the parent and/or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or (b) the only general partners of which are the parent and/or one or more subsidiaries of the parent and (iv) any other person that is otherwise Controlled by the parent and/or one or more subsidiaries of the parent.  Unless the context requires otherwise, Subsidiary refers to a Subsidiary of Borrower.
Subsidiary
parent
 
 
38
 
 
shall mean each Subsidiary listed on Schedule 1.01(b), and each other Subsidiary of any Loan Party that is or becomes a party to this Agreement and the Security Documents pursuant to Section 5.10.
Subsidiary Guarantor
 
shall mean a survey of any Mortgaged Property (and all improvements thereon) which is (a) (i) prepared by a surveyor or engineer licensed to perform surveys in the state where such Mortgaged Property is located, (ii) dated (or redated) not earlier than six months prior to the date of delivery thereof unless there shall have occurred within six months prior to such date of delivery any exterior construction on the site of such Mortgaged Property or any easement, right of way or other interest in the Mortgaged Property has been granted or become effective through operation of applicable Legal Requirements or otherwise with respect to such Mortgaged Property which, in either case, can be depicted on a survey, in which events, as applicable, such survey shall be dated (or redated) after the completion of such construction or if such construction shall not have been completed as of such date of delivery, not earlier than 20 days prior to such date of delivery, or after the grant or effectiveness of any such easement, right of way or other interest in the Mortgaged Property, (iii) certified by the surveyor (in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Title Company, (iv) complying in all respects with the minimum detail requirements of the American Land Title Association as such requirements are in effect on the date of preparation of such survey and (v) sufficient for the Title Company to remove all standard survey exceptions from the title insurance policy (or commitment) relating to such Mortgaged Property and issue the endorsements of the type required by Section 5.10(d)(i)(C) or (b) otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent.
Survey
 
shall mean the commitment of the Swingline Lender to make loans pursuant to Section 2.17, as the same may be reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.07 that at no time shall the Swingline Commitment exceed the Revolving Commitment.  The aggregate principal amount of the Swingline Commitment shall be $5,000,000 on the Closing Date.
Swingline Commitment
provided
 
shall mean at any time the aggregate principal amount at such time of all outstanding Swingline Loans.  The Swingline Exposure of any Revolving Lender at any time shall equal its Pro Rata Percentage of the aggregate Swingline Exposure at such time.
Swingline Exposure
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto.
Swingline Lender
 
shall mean any loan made by the Swingline Lender pursuant to Section 2.17.
Swingline Loan
 
 
39
 
 
shall mean, as to any person, (a) any lease (including leases that may be terminated by the lessee at any time) of any property (i) that is accounted for as an operating lease under GAAP and (ii) in respect of which the lessee retains or obtains ownership of the property so leased for U.S. federal income tax purposes, other than any such lease under which such person is the lessor or (b) (i) a synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax retention lease, or (ii) an agreement for the use or possession of property (including a Sale and Leaseback Transaction), in each case under this clause (b), creating obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such person but which, upon the application of any Insolvency Laws to such person, would be characterized as the indebtedness of such person (without regard to accounting treatment).
Synthetic Lease
 
shall mean, as to any person, an amount equal to the capitalized amount of the remaining lease payments under any Synthetic Lease that would appear on a balance sheet of such person in accordance with GAAP if such obligations were accounted for as Capital Lease Obligations.
Synthetic Lease Obligations
 
shall mean any swap, derivative or other agreement or combination of agreements pursuant to which any Company is or may become obligated to make (a) any payment in connection with a purchase by any third party from a person other than a Company of any Equity Interest or Restricted Indebtedness or (b) any payment (other than on account of a permitted purchase by it of any Equity Interest or Restricted Indebtedness) the amount of which is determined by reference to the price or value at any time of any Equity Interest or Restricted Indebtedness.
Synthetic Purchase Agreement
 
shall mean all returns, statements, filings, attachments and other documents or certifications filed or required to be filed in respect of Taxes.
Tax Returns
 
shall mean (i) any and all present or future taxes, duties, levies, imposts, assessments, fees, deductions, withholdings or other similar charges, whether computed on a separate, consolidated, unitary, combined or other basis and any and all liabilities (including interest, fines, penalties or additions with respect to any of the foregoing) with respect to the foregoing, and (ii) solely for purposes of Sections 3.13 and 5.05, any transferee, successor, joint and several, contractual or other liability (including liability pursuant to Treasury Regulation  1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state, local or non-U.S. law)) in respect of any item described in clause (i).
Taxes
 
shall mean a Borrowing comprised of Term Loans.
Term Borrowing
 
shall mean, with respect to each Lender, the commitment, if any, of such Lender to make a Term Loan hereunder in the amount set forth on Annex I to this Agreement or on Schedule 1 to the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender assumed its Term Loan Commitment, as applicable, as the same may be reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 10.04.  The aggregate principal amount of the Lenders Term Loan Commitments on the Closing Date is $130,000,000.
Term Loan Commitment
 
 
40
 
 
shall mean a Lender with a Term Loan Commitment or an outstanding Term Loan.
Term Loan Lender
 
shall mean September 25, 2017, the date which is five years after the Closing Date or, if such date is not a Business Day, the first Business Day thereafter.
Term Loan Maturity Date
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(a).
Term Loan Repayment Date
 
shall mean the term loans made by the Lenders to Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(a).  Each Term Loan shall be either an ABR Term Loan or a Eurodollar Term Loan.
Term Loans
 
shall mean, at any time, the four consecutive fiscal quarters of Borrower then last ended (in each case taken as one accounting period) for which financial statements have been or are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b).
Test Period
 
shall mean any title insurance company as shall be retained by Borrower and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent.
Title Company
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.10(d)(i)(C).
Title Policy
 
shall mean, at any date of determination, the ratio of (i) Consolidated Indebtedness on such date to (ii) Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period then most recently ended.
Total Leverage Ratio
 
shall mean, collectively, (a) the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents and the initial Credit Extensions hereunder, (b) the Refinancing; and (c) the payment of all fees, costs and expenses to be paid on or prior to the Closing Date owing in connection with the foregoing.
Transactions
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.09.
Transferred Guarantor
 
shall mean, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, a reference to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined on the basis of Adjusted LIBOR Rate or the Alternate Base Rate.
Type
 
shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time (except as otherwise specified) in any applicable state or jurisdiction.
UCC
 
shall mean the excess of a Pension Plans benefit liabilities under Section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA, over the current value of that Pension Plans assets, determined in accordance with the actuarial assumptions used for funding the Pension Plan pursuant to Section 412 of the Code for the applicable plan year.
Unfunded Pension Liability
 
and shall mean the United States of America.
United States
U.S.
 
 
41
 
 
shall mean, with respect to any person, any class or classes of Equity Interests pursuant to which the holders thereof have the general voting power under ordinary circumstances to elect at least a majority of the Board of Directors of such person.
Voting Stock
 
shall mean, with respect to any person, (a) any corporation 100% of whose capital stock (other than directors qualifying shares to the extent required under applicable Legal Requirements) is at the time owned by such person and/or one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such person and (b) any partnership, association, joint venture, limited liability company or other entity in which such person and/or one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such person have a 100% equity interest (other than directors qualifying shares to the extent required under applicable Legal Requirements) at such time. 
Wholly Owned Subsidiary
 
 
        .  For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class ( a ) or by Type ( a ) or by Class and Type ( a ).  Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class ( a ) or by Type ( a ) or by Class and Type ( a ).
Section 1.02.        Classification of Loans and Borrowings
e.g.,
Revolving Loan
e.g.,
Eurodollar Loan
e.g.,
Eurodollar Revolving Loan
e.g.,
Revolving Borrowing,
Borrowing of Term Loans
e.g.,
Eurodollar Borrowing
e.g.,
Eurodollar Revolving Borrowing
 
        .  The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined.  Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms.  The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation.  The phrase Material Adverse Effect shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase , individually or in the aggregate.  The words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect.  The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall.  Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any Loan Document, agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth in any Loan Document), (b) any reference herein to any person shall be construed to include such persons successors and assigns, (c) the words herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, and (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement, unless otherwise indicated and (e) any reference to any law or regulation shall (i) include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing or interpreting or supplementing such law or regulation, and (ii) unless otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time.  This Section 1.03 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to all Loan Documents.
Section 1.03.        Terms Generally
 
        .  Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all financial statements to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in accordance with and all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with GAAP as in effect from time to time.  If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio set forth in any Loan Document or any financial definition of any other provision of this Agreement, and Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent and Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to approval by the Required Lenders and Borrower); that, until so amended, such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein, and Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders within five days after delivery of each certificate or financial report required hereunder that is affected thereby a written statement of a Financial Officer of Borrower setting forth in reasonable detail the differences (including any differences that would affect any calculations relating to the financial covenants as set forth in Section 6.10) that would have resulted if such financial statements had been prepared without giving effect to such change.  Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, any lease that is treated as an operating lease for purposes of GAAP as of the date hereof shall continue to be treated as an operating lease (and any future lease, if it were in effect on the date hereof, that would be treated as an operating lease for purposes of GAAP as of the date hereof shall be treated as an operating lease), in each case for purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding any change in GAAP after the date hereof.
Section 1.04.        Accounting Terms; GAAP
provided
 
 
42
 
 
        .  With respect to any applicable period during which any Permitted Acquisition or Asset Sale occurs as permitted pursuant to the terms hereof, the financial covenants set forth in Section 6.10 and the Total Leverage Ratio for purposes of determining the Applicable Margin (if applicable) shall be calculated with respect to such period and such Permitted Acquisition or Asset Sale on a Pro Forma Basis.  Any financial ratios required to be satisfied in order for a specific action to be permitted under this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number).
Section 1.05.        Pro Forma Calculations; Rounding
 
 
        .  Subject to the terms and conditions and relying upon the representations and warranties herein set forth:
Section 2.01.        Commitments
 
        (a)        each Term Lender agrees, severally and not jointly, to make a Term Loan to Borrower on the Closing Date in the principal amount equal to its Term Loan Commitment; and
 
        (b)        each Revolving Lender agrees, severally and not jointly, to make Revolving Loans to Borrower, at any time and from time to time after the Closing Date until the earlier of the Revolving Maturity Date and the termination of the Revolving Commitment of such Lender in accordance with the terms hereof, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in such Lenders Revolving Exposure exceeding such Lenders Revolving Commitment.
 
 
43
 
 
Amounts paid or prepaid in respect of Term Loans may not be reborrowed.  Within the limits set forth in clause (b) above and subject to the terms, conditions and limitations set forth herein, Borrower may borrow, pay or prepay and reborrow Revolving Loans.
 
        .  (a)  Each Loan (other than Swingline Loans) shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their applicable Commitments; that the failure of any Lender to make any Loan shall not in itself relieve any other Lender of its obligation to lend hereunder (it being understood, however, that no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make any Loan required to be made by such other Lender).  Except for Loans deemed made pursuant to Section 2.18(e)(ii), (x) any Borrowing shall be in an aggregate principal amount that is (i) an integral multiple of $100,000 and not less than $250,000 or (ii) equal to the remaining available balance of the applicable Commitments.
Section 2.02.        Loans
provided
 
        (b)        Subject to Sections 2.11 and 2.12, each Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans or Eurodollar Loans as Borrower may request pursuant to Section 2.03.  Each Lender may at its option make any Eurodollar Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch of such Lender to make such Loan; that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Lender to make such Loan and Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  Borrowings of more than one Type may be outstanding at the same time; that Borrower shall not be entitled to request any Borrowing that, if made, would result in more than five Eurodollar Borrowings outstanding hereunder at any one time.  For purposes of the foregoing, Borrowings having different Interest Periods, regardless of whether they commence on the same date, shall be considered separate Borrowings.
provided
provided
 
        (c)        Except with respect to Loans made pursuant to Section 2.18(e)(ii), each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds to such account of the Administrative Agent in Cincinnati, Ohio as the Administrative Agent may designate from time to time not later than 10:00 a.m., Cincinnati, Ohio time, and the Administrative Agent shall promptly credit the amounts so received to an account as directed by Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request maintained with the Administrative Agent or, if a Borrowing shall not occur on such date because any condition precedent herein specified shall not have been met, return the amounts so received to the respective Lenders within two Business Days.
 
        (d)        Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice from a Lender prior to the date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lenders portion of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such portion available to the Administrative Agent on the date of such Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.02(c), and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to Borrower on such date a corresponding amount.  If the Administrative Agent shall have so made funds available, then, to the extent that such Lender shall not have made such portion available to the Administrative Agent, each of such Lender and Borrower severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is made available to Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at (i) in the case of such Lender, (A) from the date such advance was made by the Administrative Agent to the date that is two  Business Days after payment by such Lender is due hereunder, the greater of, for each such day, (1) the Federal Funds Effective Rate and (2) an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, any standard administrative or processing fees charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with such Lenders non-payment and (B) from the date that is two Business Days after the date such advance was made by the Administrative Agent to the date such payment is made by such Lender, the interest rate applicable at the time to ABR Loans, and (ii) in the case of Borrower, the interest rate applicable at the time to ABR Loans.  If such Lender shall repay to the Administrative Agent such corresponding amount, such amount shall constitute such Lenders Loan as part of such Borrowing for purposes of this Agreement, and Borrowers obligation to repay the Administrative Agent such corresponding amount pursuant to this Section 2.02(d) shall cease.
plus
 
 
44
 
 
        (e)        Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Borrower shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Revolving Maturity Date or the Term Loan Maturity Date, as applicable.
 
        .  To request a Revolving Borrowing or Term Borrowing, Borrower shall deliver, by hand delivery or telecopy (or transmit by other electronic transmission, if arrangements for doing so have been approved in writing by the Administrative Agent), a duly completed and executed Borrowing Request to the Administrative Agent (i) in the case of a Eurodollar Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., Cincinnati, Ohio time, three Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing (except that in the case of proposed Eurodollar Borrowings on the Closing Date, such Borrowing Request may be delivered not later than 3:00 p.m., Cincinnati, Ohio time, on the Business Day immediately preceding the Closing Date) or (ii) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 9:00 a.m., Cincinnati, Ohio time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing.  Each Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable and shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02:
Section 2.03.        Borrowing Procedure
 
        (a)        whether the requested Borrowing is to be a Borrowing of Revolving Loans or Term Loans;
 
        (b)        the aggregate amount of such Borrowing;
 
        (c)        the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day;
 
        (d)        whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Eurodollar Borrowing;
 
        (e)        in the case of a Eurodollar Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto;
 
        (f)        the location and number of Borrowers account maintained with the Administrative Agent to which funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements of Section 2.02(c); and
 
 
45
 
 
        (g)        that the conditions set forth in Sections 4.02(b)-(d) are satisfied as of the date of the notice.
 
If no election as to the Type of Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing.  If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Eurodollar Revolving Borrowing, then Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one months duration.  Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section 2.03, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lenders Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing.
 
        .  (a)  Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay to (i) the Administrative Agent for the account of each Term Loan Lender, the principal amount of each Term Loan of such Term Loan Lender as provided in Section 2.09, (ii) the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender, the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan of such Revolving Lender on the Revolving Maturity Date, and (iii) the Swingline Lender for its own account, the then unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan on the earlier of the Revolving Maturity Date and the date that is no later than five (5) Business Days after such Swingline Loan is made.
Section 2.04.        Evidence of Debt; Repayment of Loans
 
        (b)        Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender from time to time, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time under this Agreement.
 
        (c)        The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it will record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Type and Class thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from Borrower to each Lender hereunder, and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lenders share thereof.
 
        (d)        The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to Sections 2.04(b) and (c) shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations therein recorded; that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligations of Borrower and the other Loan Parties to pay, and perform, the Obligations in accordance with the Loan Documents.  In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent in respect of such entries, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error.
provided
 
        (e)        Any Lender by written notice to Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) may request that Loans of any Class made by it be evidenced by a promissory note.  In such event, Borrower shall promptly (and, in all events, within five Business Days of receipt of such request) prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to the order of such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) in the form of Exhibit I-1, I-2 or I-3, as the case may be.  Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 10.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the order of the payee named therein (or, if such promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its registered assigns).
 
 
46
 
 
        .
Section 2.05.        Fees
 
        (a)        .  Subject to Section 2.16(c), Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a commitment fee (a ) at the rate per annum equal to the Applicable Margin on the average daily unused amount of each Revolving Commitment of such Lender during the period from and including the date hereof to but excluding the date on which such Revolving Commitment terminates.  Accrued Commitment Fees shall be payable in arrears (A) on the last Business Day of March, June, September and December of each year, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof, and (B) on the date on which such Commitment terminates.  Commitment Fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day).  For purposes of computing Commitment Fees, a Revolving Commitment of a Lender shall be deemed to be used to the extent of the outstanding Revolving Loans and LC Exposure of such Lender (and the Swingline Commitment of the Swingline Lender shall be deemed to be used to the extent of its Swingline Exposure).
Commitment Fee
Commitment Fee
 
        (b)        .  Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, the administrative fees set forth in the Fee Letter and such other fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between Borrower and the Administrative Agent (the ).
Administrative Agent Fees
Administrative Agent Fees
 
        (c)        .  Subject to Section 2.16(c), Borrower agrees to pay to (i) the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender a participation fee () with respect to its participations in Letters of Credit, which shall accrue at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Margin from time to time used to determine the interest rate on Eurodollar Revolving Loans pursuant to Section 2.06 on the average daily amount of such Lenders LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to Reimbursement Obligations) during the period from and including the Closing Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Lenders Revolving Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure, and (ii) the Issuing Bank a fronting fee (), which shall accrue at the rate of 0.125% per annum (or such lesser rate per annum as the Issuing Bank may from time to time agree) on the average daily amount of the LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to Reimbursement Obligations) during the period from and including the Closing Date to but excluding the later of the date of termination of the Revolving Commitments and the date on which there ceases to be any LC Exposure, as well as the Issuing Banks customary fees with respect to the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder.  Accrued LC Participation Fees and Fronting Fees shall be payable in arrears (i) on the last Business Day of March, June, September and December of each year, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Closing Date, and (ii) on the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate.  Any such fees accruing after the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand.  Any other fees payable to the Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section 2.05(c) shall be payable within five Business Days after demand therefor.  All LC Participation Fees and Fronting Fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day).
LC and Fronting Fees
LC Participation Fee
Fronting Fee
 
 
47
 
 
        (d)        .  Borrower agrees to pay the Agents, for their own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between Borrower and the applicable Agents.
Other Fees
 
        (e)        .  All Fees shall be paid on the dates due, in immediately available funds in Dollars, to the Administrative Agent for distribution, if and as appropriate, among the Lenders, except that Borrower shall pay (i) the Fronting Fees directly to the Issuing Bank, and (ii) the Fees provided under Section 2.05(d) directly to the Agents.  Once paid, none of the Fees shall be refundable under any circumstances.
Payment of Fees
 
        .  (a)  Subject to the provisions of Section 2.06(c), the Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing, including each Swingline Loan, shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin in effect from time to time.
Section 2.06.        Interest on Loans
 
        (b)        Subject to the provisions of Section 2.06(c), the Loans comprising each Eurodollar Borrowing shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Adjusted LIBOR Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Margin in effect from time to time.
 
        (c)        Notwithstanding the foregoing, during an Event of Default, all Obligations shall, bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a per annum rate equal to (i) in the case of principal of or interest on any Loan, 2.0% plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in Sections 2.06(a) and (b) or (ii) in the case of any other Obligation, 2.0% plus the rate applicable to ABR Revolving Loans as provided in Section 2.06(a) (in either case, the ); that in the absence of acceleration, any increase in interest rates and conversion of the rate to ABR Revolving Loans pursuant to this clause (c) shall be made at the election of the Administrative Agent, acting at the request or with the consent of the Required Lenders, with written notice to the Borrower.   
Default Rate
provided, however,
 
        (d)        Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan; that (i) interest accrued pursuant to Section 2.06(c) (including interest on past due interest) and all interest accrued but unpaid on or after the Revolving Maturity Date or the Term Loan Maturity Date, as applicable, shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan(other than a prepayment of an ABR Revolving Loan, an ABR Term Loan or a Swingline Loan), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Eurodollar Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion.
provided
 
 
        (e)        All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that interest computed by reference to the Alternate Base Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day); that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.14, bear interest for one day.  The applicable Alternate Base Rate or Adjusted LIBOR Rate shall be determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any Insolvency Proceeding.
provided
 
 
48
 
 
        .  (a)   The Term Loan Commitments shall automatically terminate at 5:00 p.m., Cincinnati, Ohio time, on the Closing Date.  The Revolving Commitments, the Swingline Commitment and the LC Commitment shall automatically terminate on the Revolving Maturity Date.
Section 2.07.        Termination and Reduction of Commitments
 
        (b)        At its option, Borrower may at any time terminate, or from time to time permanently reduce, the Commitments of any Class; that (i) each reduction of the Commitments of any Class shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of $500,000 and not less than $1,000,000 and (ii) the Revolving Commitments shall not be terminated or reduced if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Revolving Loans in accordance with Section 2.10, the aggregate amount of Revolving Exposures would exceed the aggregate amount of Revolving Commitments.
provided
 
        (c)        Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing of any election to terminate or reduce the Commitments under Section 2.07(b) at least five Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction (which effective date shall be a Business Day), specifying such election and the effective date thereof.  Promptly following receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof.  Each notice delivered by Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.07 shall be irrevocable, that a notice of termination of the Commitments delivered by Borrower in accordance with this Section 2.07 may, if the Administrative Agent (in its reasonable discretion) has previously agreed to a customary pay-off letter with Borrower, expressly state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of new credit facilities or similar new Indebtedness and which effectiveness will result in the immediate payment in full of all Obligations and the Cash Collateralization of all outstanding Letters of Credit, in which case such notice may be revoked by Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to 2:00 p.m., Cincinnati, Ohio time, one Business Day prior to the specified notice effective date) if such condition is not satisfied (or is then unlikely to be satisfied).  Any termination or reduction of the Commitments of any Class shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Commitments of any Class shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments of such Class.
provided
 
        .  (a)  Each Revolving Borrowing and Term Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a Eurodollar Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request.  Thereafter, Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a Eurodollar Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section 2.08.  Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, Borrower shall not be entitled to request any conversion or continuation that, if made, would result in more than five Eurodollar Borrowings outstanding hereunder at any one time.  This Section 2.08 shall not apply to Swingline Borrowings, which may not be converted or continued.
Section 2.08.        Interest Elections, Continuations and Conversions
 
 
49
 
 
        (b)        To make an election pursuant to this Section 2.08, Borrower shall deliver, by hand delivery or telecopy (or transmit by other electronic transmission, if arrangements for doing so have been approved in writing by the Administrative Agent), a duly completed and executed Interest Election Request to the Administrative Agent not later than the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if Borrower were requesting a Revolving Borrowing or Term Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election.  Each Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable.
 
        (c)        Each Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02:
 
        (i)        the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, or if outstanding Borrowings are being combined, allocation to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing);
 
        (ii)        the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day; to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period.
 
If any such Interest Election Request requests a Eurodollar Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one months duration.
 
        (d)        Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lenders portion of each resulting Borrowing.
 
        (e)        If an Interest Election Request with respect to a Eurodollar Borrowing is not timely delivered prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing.  Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may require, by notice to Borrower, that (i) no outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a Eurodollar Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, each Eurodollar Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto.
 
        .  (a)  Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Term Loan Lenders, on each March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31, beginning with December 31, 2012 or if any such date is not a Business Day, on the immediately following Business Day (each such date, a ), a principal amount of the Term Loans equal to the applicable percentage of the initial aggregate principal amount of such Term Loans (as adjusted from time to time pursuant to Section 2.10) set forth in the table below for each period indicated therein, together in each case with accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to be paid to but excluding the date of such payment:
Section 2.09.        Amortization of Term Borrowings
Term Loan Repayment Date
 
 
50
 
 
 
        (b)        To the extent not previously irrevocably paid in full in cash, all Term Loans shall be due and payable on the Term Loan Maturity Date.
 
        .
Section 2.10.        Optional and Mandatory Prepayments of Loans
 
        (a)        .  Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing, in whole or in part, without premium or penalty, subject to the requirements of this Section 2.10; that each partial prepayment shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of $100,000 and not less than $250,000 or, if less, the outstanding principal amount of such Borrowing.
Optional Prepayments
provided
 
        (b)        .  (i)  In the event of the termination of all the Revolving Commitments, Borrower shall, on the date of such termination, repay or prepay all its outstanding Revolving Borrowings and all outstanding Swingline Loans and either (A) replace all outstanding Letters of Credit or (B) Cash Collateralize all outstanding Letters of Credit in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.18(i).
Revolving Loan Prepayments
 
        (ii)        In the event of any partial reduction of the Revolving Commitments, then (x) at or prior to the effective date of such reduction, the Administrative Agent shall notify Borrower and the Revolving Lenders of the sum of the Revolving Exposures after giving effect thereto and (y) if the sum of the Revolving Exposures would exceed the aggregate amount of Revolving Commitments after giving effect to such reduction, then Borrower shall, on the date of such reduction, first, repay or prepay Swingline Loans, second, repay or prepay Revolving Borrowings and third, replace outstanding Letters of Credit or Cash Collateralize outstanding Letters of Credit in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.18(i) in an aggregate amount sufficient to eliminate such excess.
 
        (iii)        In the event that the sum of all Lenders Revolving Exposures exceeds the Revolving Commitments then in effect, Borrower shall, without notice or demand, immediately first, repay or prepay Swingline Loans, second, repay or prepay Revolving Borrowings, and third, replace outstanding Letters of Credit or Cash Collateralize outstanding Letters of Credit in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.18(i) in an aggregate amount sufficient to eliminate such excess.
 
 
51
 
 
        (iv)        In the event that the aggregate LC Exposure exceeds the LC Commitment then in effect, Borrower shall, without notice or demand, immediately replace outstanding Letters of Credit or Cash Collateralize outstanding Letters of Credit in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.18(i) in an aggregate amount sufficient to eliminate such excess.
 
        (c)        .  Not later than three Business Days following the receipt of any Net Cash Proceeds of any Asset Sale by any Company, Borrower shall apply 100% of such Net Cash Proceeds to make prepayments in accordance with Section 2.10(h) provided that:
Asset Sales
 
        (i)        so long as no Default shall then exist or would arise therefrom and the aggregate of such Net Cash Proceeds of Asset Sales shall not exceed $5,000,000 in any fiscal year of Borrower, such proceeds shall not be required to be so applied on such date to the extent that Borrower shall have delivered an Officers Certificate to the Administrative Agent on or prior to such date stating that such Net Cash Proceeds are reasonably expected to be reinvested in fixed or capital assets of any Loan Party within 360 days following the date of such Asset Sale (which Officers Certificate shall set forth the estimates of the proceeds to be so expended); that, if the property subject to such Asset Sale constituted Collateral, then all property purchased or otherwise acquired with the Net Cash Proceeds thereof pursuant to this subsection shall be made subject to the first priority perfected Lien (subject to Permitted Liens) of the applicable Security Documents in favor of the Collateral Agent, for its benefit and for the benefit of the other Secured Parties in accordance with Sections 5.11 and 5.12; and
provided
 
        (ii)        if all or any portion of such Net Cash Proceeds is not so reinvested within such 360-day period, such unused portion shall be applied on the last day of such period as a mandatory prepayment as provided in this Section 2.10(c).
 
        (d)        .  Not later than three Business Days following the receipt of any Net Cash Proceeds of any Debt Issuance or Equity Issuance by any Company, Borrower shall make prepayments in accordance with Section 2.10(h) in an aggregate principal amount equal to 100% of such Net Cash Proceeds.
Debt Issuance or Equity Issuance
 
        (e)        .  Not later than three Business Days following the receipt of any Net Cash Proceeds from a Casualty Event by any Company, Borrower shall apply an amount equal to 100% of such Net Cash Proceeds to make prepayments in accordance with Section 2.10(h); that:
Casualty Events
provided
 
        (i)        so long as no Default shall then exist or arise therefrom, such proceeds shall not be required to be so applied on such date to the extent that (A) in the event such Net Cash Proceeds shall be less than $1,000,000, Borrower shall have delivered an Officers Certificate to the Administrative Agent on or prior to such date stating that such proceeds are reasonably expected to be used, or (B) in the event that such Net Cash Proceeds equal or exceed $1,000,000, the Administrative Agent has elected by notice to Borrower on or prior to such date to require such proceeds to be used, in each case, to repair, replace or restore any property in respect of which such Net Cash Proceeds were paid or to reinvest in fixed or capital assets of any Loan Party, no later than 360 days following the date of receipt of such proceeds (which Officers Certificate shall set forth the estimates of the proceeds to be so expended); that if the property subject to such Casualty Event constituted Collateral, then all property purchased or otherwise acquired with the Net Cash Proceeds thereof pursuant to this subsection shall be made subject to the first priority perfected Lien (subject to Permitted Liens) of the applicable Security Documents in favor of the Collateral Agent, for its benefit and for the benefit of the other Secured Parties in accordance with Sections 5.11 and 5.12; and
provided
 
 
52
 
 
        (ii)        if all or any portion of such Net Cash Proceeds shall not be so applied within such 360-day period, such unused portion shall be applied on the last day of such period as a mandatory prepayment as provided in this Section 2.10(e).
 
        (f)        .  Not later than three Business Days following the receipt of any Net Cash Proceeds from an Extraordinary Receipts by any Company, Borrower shall apply an amount equal to 100% of such Net Cash Proceeds to make prepayments in accordance with Section 2.10(h); that:
Extraordinary Receipts
provided
 
        (i)        so long as no Default shall then exist or would arise therefrom, such Net Cash Proceeds of Extraordinary Receipts in an aggregate amount of up to $1,000,000 in any fiscal year of Borrower shall not be required to be so applied on such date to the extent that Borrower shall have delivered an Officers Certificate to the Administrative Agent on or prior to such date stating that such Net Cash Proceeds are expected to be reinvested in fixed or capital assets of any Loan Party within 360 days following the date of receipt of such proceeds (which Officers Certificate shall set forth the estimates of the proceeds to be so expended); that all property purchased or otherwise acquired with the Net Cash Proceeds thereof pursuant to this subsection shall be made subject to the first priority perfected Lien (subject to Permitted Collateral Liens) of the applicable Security Documents in favor of the Collateral Agent, for its benefit and for the benefit of the other Secured Parties in accordance with Sections 5.11 and 5.12; and
provided,
 
        (ii)        if all or any portion of such Net Cash Proceeds is not so reinvested within such 360-day period, such unused portion shall be applied on the last day of such period as a mandatory prepayment as provided in this Section 2.10(f).
 
        (g)        .  No later than the earlier of (i) 90 days after the end of each Excess Cash Flow Period and (ii) three (3) Business Days after the date on which the audited financial statements with respect to such fiscal year in which such Excess Cash Flow Period occurs are delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a), Borrower shall make prepayments in accordance with Section 2.10(h) in an aggregate principal amount equal to (x) 50% (the ) of Excess Cash Flow for the Excess Cash Flow Period then ended if the Total Leverage Ratio at the end of such period is greater than or equal to 2.0:1.0; that the ECF Percentage shall be reduced to 25% for each Excess Cash Flow Period after the Total Leverage Ratio at the end of any such period is less than 2.0:1.0 but greater than or equal to 1.5:1.0; and that the ECF Percentage shall be reduced to 0% for each Excess Cash Flow Period after the Total Leverage Ratio at the end of any such period is less than 1.5:1.0.
Excess Cash Flow
ECF Percentage
provided
provided
further
 
 
53
 
 
        (h)        .
Application of Prepayments
 
        (i)        Prior to any optional prepayment hereunder, Borrower shall select the Borrowing or Borrowings to be prepaid and shall specify such selection in the notice of such prepayment pursuant to Section 2.10(h)(iii), subject to the provisions of this Section 2.10(h)(i).  Any prepayments of Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.10 (a), (c)-(g) shall be applied (x) first to reduce scheduled payments required under Section 2.09(a) on a pro rata basis among the payments remaining to be made on each Term Loan Repayment Date and then to reduce payments required under Section 2.09(b), and (y) second to the extent there are prepayment amounts remaining after the application of such prepayments under clause first, such excess amounts shall be applied to the prepayment of outstanding Revolving Loans and to Cash Collateralize outstanding Letters of Credit (and with a corresponding reduction in Revolving Commitments if, and only if, a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time such prepayment is made) and Borrower shall comply with Section 2.10(b).
 
        (ii)        Amounts to be applied pursuant to this Section 2.10 to the prepayment of Term Loans and Revolving Loans shall be applied, as applicable, first to reduce outstanding ABR Term Loans and ABR Revolving Loans, respectively.  Any amounts remaining after each such application shall be applied to prepay Eurodollar Term Loans or Eurodollar Revolving Loans, as applicable.
 
        (iii)        .  Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, the Swingline Lender) by written notice of any prepayment hereunder (i) in the case of prepayment of a Eurodollar Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., Cincinnati, Ohio time, three Business Days before the date of prepayment, (ii) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., Cincinnati, Ohio time, one Business Day before the date of prepayment; that a notice of optional prepayment delivered by Borrower in accordance with this Section 2.10(h) and Section 2.10(a) that contemplates payment in full of the Loans may, if the Administrative Agent (in its reasonable discretion) has previously agreed to a customary pay-off letter with Borrower, expressly state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of new credit facilities or similar new Indebtedness and which effectiveness will result in the immediate payment in full of all Obligations and the Cash Collateralization of all outstanding Letters of Credit, in which case such notice may be revoked by Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to 2:00 p.m., Cincinnati, Ohio time, one Business Day prior to the specified notice effective date) if such condition is not satisfied (or is then unlikely to be satisfied) and (iii) in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, not later than 11:00 a.m., Cincinnati, Ohio time, on the date of prepayment.  Each such notice shall be irrevocable.  Each such notice shall specify the prepayment date, the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid and, in the case of a mandatory prepayment, a reasonably detailed calculation of the amount of such prepayment.  Promptly following receipt of any such notice (other than a notice relating solely to Swingline Loans), the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof.  Such notice to the Lenders may be by electronic communication.  Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of a Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02, except as necessary to apply fully the required amount of a mandatory prepayment.  Each prepayment of a Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing and otherwise in accordance with this Section 2.10.  Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.06.
Notice of Prepayment
provided
 
 
54
 
 
        .  If prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Eurodollar Borrowing:
Section 2.11.        Alternate Rate of Interest
 
        (a)        the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be final and conclusive absent manifest error) that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted LIBOR Rate for such Interest Period; or
 
        (b)        the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by the Required Lenders that the Adjusted LIBOR Rate for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their Loans included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period;
 
then the Administrative Agent shall give written notice thereof to Borrower and the Lenders as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent notifies Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (i) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Eurodollar Borrowing shall be ineffective and (ii) if any Borrowing Request requests a Eurodollar Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be made as an ABR Borrowing.
 
        .  (a)  If any Change in Law shall:
Section 2.12.        Increased Costs; Change in Legality
 
        (i)        impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against property of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by or participated in by, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement reflected in the Adjusted LIBOR Rate) or the Issuing Bank; or
 
        (ii)        impose on any Lender or the Issuing Bank or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or Eurodollar Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein;
 
and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making or maintaining any Eurodollar Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to increase the cost to such Lender, the Issuing Bank or such Lenders or the Issuing Banks holding company, if any, of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit) or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or the Issuing Bank hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then Borrower shall, upon the written request of such Lender or the Issuing Bank, pay to such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered, it being understood that, to the extent duplicative of the provisions of Section 2.15, this Section 2.12 shall not apply to Taxes.  The protection of this Section 2.12 shall be available to each Lender and the Issuing Bank regardless of any possible contention of the invalidity or inapplicability of the Change in Law that shall have occurred or been imposed.
 
 
55
 
 
        (b)        If any Lender or the Issuing Bank determines (in good faith, but in its sole absolute discretion) that any Change in Law regarding Capital Requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lenders or the Issuing Banks capital or on the capital of such Lenders or the Issuing Banks holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans held by such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by the Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or the Issuing Bank or such Lenders or the Issuing Banks holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lenders or the Issuing Banks policies and the policies of such Lenders or the Issuing Banks holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time Borrower will pay to such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the Issuing Bank or such Lenders or the Issuing Banks holding company, for any such reduction suffered.
 
        (c)        A certificate of a Lender or the Issuing Bank setting forth in reasonable detail the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or the Issuing Bank or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in Sections 2.12(a) or (b) shall be delivered to Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) and shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error.  Borrower shall pay such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within three Business Days after receipt thereof.
 
        (d)        Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or the Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 2.12 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lenders or the Issuing Banks right to demand such compensation; that Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or the Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section 2.12 for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than 12 months prior to the earlier of (x) the date on which such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lenders or the Issuing Banks intention to claim compensation therefor and (y) the date on which such Change in Law becomes effective.
provided
 
        (e)        Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any Change in Law shall make it unlawful for any Lender to make or maintain any Eurodollar Loan or to give effect to its obligations as contemplated hereby with respect to any Eurodollar Loan, then, by written notice to Borrower and to the Administrative Agent:
 
        (i)        such Lender may declare that Eurodollar Loans will not thereafter (for the duration of such unlawfulness (as determined in good faith by such Lender)) be made by such Lender hereunder (or be continued for additional Interest Periods and ABR Loans will not thereafter (for such duration) be converted into Eurodollar Loans), whereupon any request for a Eurodollar Loan (or to convert an ABR Loan to a Eurodollar Loan or to continue a Eurodollar Loan for an additional Interest Period) shall, as to such Lender only, be deemed a request for an ABR Loan (or a request to continue an ABR Loan as such for an additional Interest Period or to convert a Eurodollar Loan into an ABR Loan, as the case may be), unless such declaration shall be subsequently withdrawn by such Lender by written notice to Borrower and to the Administrative Agent; and
 
 
56
 
 
        (ii)        such Lender may require that all outstanding Eurodollar Loans made by it be converted to ABR Loans, in which event all such Eurodollar Loans shall be automatically converted to ABR Loans as of the effective date of such notice as provided in Section 2.12(f).
 
In the event any Lender shall exercise its rights under clause (i) or (ii) above, all payments and prepayments of principal that would otherwise have been applied to repay the Eurodollar Loans that would have been made by such Lender or the converted Eurodollar Loans of such Lender shall instead be applied to repay the ABR Loans made by such Lender in lieu of, or resulting from the conversion of, such Eurodollar Loans.
 
        (f)        For purposes of Section 2.12(e), a notice to Borrower by any Lender shall be effective as to each Eurodollar Loan made by such Lender, if lawful, on the last day of the Interest Period then applicable to such Eurodollar Loan; in all other cases such notice shall be effective on the date of receipt by Borrower.
 
        .  In the event of (a) the payment or prepayment, whether optional or mandatory, of any principal of any Eurodollar Loan earlier than the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default), (b) the conversion of any Eurodollar Loan earlier than the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Revolving Loan or Term Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto or (d) the assignment of any Eurodollar Loan earlier than the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by Borrower pursuant to Section 2.16, then, in any such event, Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event.  In the case of a Eurodollar Loan, such loss, cost or expense to any Lender shall be deemed to include an amount determined by such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest that would have accrued on the principal amount of such Loan had such event not occurred, at the Adjusted LIBOR Rate plus the Applicable Margin (together with any interest payable at the Default Rate, if then applicable) that would have been applicable to such Loan, for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period for such Loan), over (ii) the amount of interest that would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest rate which such Lender would bid were it to bid, at the commencement of such period, for Dollar deposits of a comparable amount and period from other banks in the Eurodollar market.  A certificate of any Lender setting forth in reasonable detail any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 2.13 shall be delivered to Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) and shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error.  Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within three Business Days after receipt thereof.
Section 2.13.        Breakage Payments
 
 
57
 
 
        .  (a)  Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder or under any other Loan Document (whether of principal, interest, fees or Reimbursement Obligations, or of amounts payable under Section 2.12, 2.13 or 2.15, or otherwise) on or before the time expressly required hereunder or under such other Loan Document for such payment (or, if no such time is expressly required, prior to 1:00 p.m., Cincinnati, Ohio time), on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without setoff, deduction or counterclaim.  Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon.  All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, as applicable, in each case at its principal office at 38 Fountain Square Plaza, Cincinnati, Ohio 45263, except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.12, 2.13, 2.15 and 10.03 shall be made directly to the persons entitled thereto and payments pursuant to other Loan Documents shall be made to the persons specified therein.  The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof.  If any payment under any Loan Document shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, unless specified otherwise, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension.  All payments under each Loan Document shall be made in Dollars.
Section 2.14.        Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Setoffs
 
        (b)        Subject to Section 2.14(c), if at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, Reimbursement Obligations, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, towards payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second, towards payment of principal and Reimbursement Obligations then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal and Reimbursement Obligations then due to such parties.
 
        (c)        Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, (x) pursuant to the exercise of remedies under Section 8.01 or (y) after written instruction by the Required Lenders after the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, all payments and collections received in respect of the Obligations and all proceeds of the Collateral received, in each instance, by the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders shall be remitted to the Administrative Agent and distributed as follows:
 
        (i)         to the payment of any outstanding costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, and any security trustee therefor, in monitoring, verifying, protecting, preserving or enforcing the Liens on the Collateral, in protecting, preserving or enforcing rights under the Loan Documents, which the Borrower has agreed to pay the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent under Section 10.03 (such funds to be retained by the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent for its own account unless it has previously been reimbursed for such costs and expenses by the Lenders, in which event such amounts shall be remitted to the Lenders to reimburse them for payments theretofore made to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent);
first,
 
 
58
 
 
        (ii)         to the payment of principal and interest on the Swingline Loans until paid in full;
second,
 
        (iii)         to the payment of any outstanding interest and fees due under the Loan Documents to be allocated pro rata in accordance with the aggregate unpaid amounts owing to each holder thereof;
third,
 
        (iv)         to the payment of principal on (A) the Loans (other than Swingline Loans), (B) unpaid Reimbursement Obligations (together with cash collateral for obligations in respect of (x) any undrawn face amounts of all outstanding Letters of Credit and (y) all unpaid Reimbursement Obligations (until the Administrative Agent is holding cash collateral equal to 105% of the then outstanding amount of all such obligations), and (C) liability (after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreements related thereto) in respect of any Hedging Agreements that constitute Secured Obligations, the aggregate amount paid to, or held as collateral security for, the Lenders and the Agents and, in the case of liability in respect of any Hedging Agreements, their Affiliates to be allocated pro rata in accordance with the aggregate unpaid amounts owing to each holder thereof;
fourth,
 
        (v)         to the payment of all other unpaid Secured Obligations (including liability of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries owing to any of the Lenders, any Agents, or any Affiliates of such Lenders ands Agents, arising out of treasury, depository and cash management services or automated clearinghouse transfer of funds and commercial credit card, stored value card and merchant card services) to be allocated pro rata in accordance with the aggregate unpaid amounts owing to each holder thereof; and
fifth,
 
        (vi)         to the Borrower or whoever else may be lawfully entitled thereto.
sixth,
 
        (d)        If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim (including pursuant to Section 10.08) or otherwise (including by exercise of its rights under the Security Documents), obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Revolving Loans, Term Loans or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Revolving Loans, Term Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Revolving Loans, Term Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Revolving Loans, Term Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans; that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this Section 2.14(d) shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Revolving Loans, Term Loans or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to any Company or any Affiliates thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section 2.14(d) shall apply).  Each Loan Party consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable Legal Requirements, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against each Loan Party rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Loan Party in the amount of such participation.  If under applicable Insolvency Law any Secured Party receives a secured claim in lieu of a setoff or counterclaim to which this Section 2.14(d) applies, such Secured Party shall to the extent practicable, exercise its rights in respect of such secured claim in a manner consistent with the rights to which the Secured Party is entitled under this Section 2.14(d) to share in the benefits of the recovery of such secured claim.
provided
 
 
59
 
 
        (e)        Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice from Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the Issuing Bank hereunder that Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount due.  In such event, if Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or the Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules or practices on interbank compensation.
 
        (f)        If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.02(c), 2.14(e), 2.17(d), 2.18(d), 2.18(e) or 10.03(e), then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lenders obligations under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid.
 
        .  (a)  Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Loan Parties hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be made without setoff, counterclaim or other defense and free and clear of and without deduction, reduction or withholding for any and all Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes; that if Borrower shall be required by applicable Legal Requirements to deduct any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes from such payments, then (i) the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions (including deductions, reductions or withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.15) the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions, reductions or withholdings been made, (ii) Borrower shall make or cause to be made such deductions, reductions or withholdings and (iii) Borrower shall timely pay or cause to be paid the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Legal Requirements.
Section 2.15.        Taxes
provided
 
 
60
 
 
        (b)        In addition, Borrower shall timely pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Legal Requirements.
 
        (c)        Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Issuing Bank, within ten Business Days after written demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes paid by the Administrative Agent, such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, on or with respect to any payment by or on account of any obligation of Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document (including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.15) and any penalties, interest and expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority.  A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability and setting forth in reasonable detail the calculation of and basis for such payment or liability delivered to Borrower by a Lender or the Issuing Bank (in each case, with a copy delivered concurrently to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender or the Issuing Bank, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.
 
        (d)        As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes and in any event within 30 days following any such payment being due, by or on behalf of Borrower to a Governmental Authority, Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.  If Borrower fails to pay any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes when due to the appropriate Governmental Authority or fails to remit to the Administrative Agent the required receipts or other documentary evidence, Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Issuing Bank for any incremental Taxes or expenses that may become payable by the Administrative Agent, such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, as a result of any such failure.
 
        (e)        (i) Any Foreign Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding tax under the law of the jurisdiction in which Borrower is resident for tax purposes, or any treaty to which such jurisdiction is a party, with respect to payments under this Agreement shall deliver to Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at the time or times prescribed by applicable law, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding.  Each Foreign Lender shall (i) furnish either (a) two accurate and complete originally executed U.S. Internal Revenue Service Forms W-8BEN (or successor form) or (b) two accurate and complete originally executed U.S. Internal Revenue Service Forms W-8ECI (or successor form), certifying, in either case, to such Foreign Lenders legal entitlement to an exemption or reduction from U.S. federal withholding tax with respect to all interest payments hereunder, and (ii) to the extent it may lawfully do so at such times, upon reasonable request by Borrower or the Administrative Agent, provide a new Form W-8BEN (or successor form) or Form W-8ECI (or successor form) upon the expiration or obsolescence of any previously delivered form to reconfirm any complete exemption from, or any entitlement to a reduction in, U.S. federal withholding tax with respect to any interest payment hereunder; that any Foreign Lender that is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code shall also furnish a Non-Bank Certificate in the form of Exhibit L if it is furnishing a Form W-8BEN.  If requested by Borrower or the Administrative Agent, each Foreign Lender shall (and shall cause other Persons acting on its behalf to) take any action (including entering into an agreement with the Internal Revenue Service) and comply with any information gathering and reporting requirements, in each case, that are required to obtain the maximum available exemption from U.S. federal withholding taxes under FATCA, with respect to payments received by or on behalf of such Foreign Lender; that a Foreign Lenders breach of this sentence shall affect the rights only of a breaching Foreign Lender, and not the rights of any other Foreign Lender, under Section 2.15(a).
provided
provided
 
 
61
 
 
        (f)        If the Administrative Agent or a Lender (or an assignee) determines in its reasonable discretion that it has received a refund of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by Borrower or with respect to which Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.15, it shall pay over such refund to Borrower (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by Borrower under this Section 2.15 with respect to the Indemnified Taxes or the Other Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent or such Lender (or assignee) and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund); that if the Administrative Agent or such Lender (or assignee) is required to repay all or a portion of such refund to the relevant Governmental Authority, Borrower, upon the request of the Administrative Agent or such Lender (or assignee), shall repay the amount paid over to Borrower that is required to be repaid (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent or such Lender (or assignee) within three Business Days after receipt of written notice that the Administrative Agent or such Lender (or assignee) is required to repay such refund (or a portion thereof) to such Governmental Authority.  Nothing contained in this Section 2.15(f) shall require the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or assignee) to make available its Tax Returns or any other information which it deems confidential or privileged to Borrower or any other person.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in no event will the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or assignee) be required to pay any amount to Borrower the payment of which would place the Administrative Agent or such Lender (or assignee) in a less favorable net after-tax position than the Administrative Agent or such Lender (or assignee) would have been in if the additional amounts giving rise to such refund of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes had never been paid.
provided, however,
 
        .
Section 2.16.        Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders
 
        (a)        .  If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.12(a) or (b), or if Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.15, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce materially amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.12(a), 2.12(b) or 2.15, as the case may be, in the future, (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense, (iii) would not require such Lender to take any action inconsistent with its internal policies or legal or regulatory restrictions, and (iv) would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender.  Borrower shall pay all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment.  A certificate setting forth such costs and expenses submitted by such Lender to the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error.
Mitigation of Obligations
 
 
62
 
 
        (b)        .  In the event (i) any Lender or the Issuing Bank delivers a certificate requesting compensation pursuant to Section 2.12(a) or (b), (ii) any Lender or the Issuing Bank delivers a notice described in Section 2.12(e), (iii) Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or the Issuing Bank or any Governmental Authority on account of any Lender or the Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.15, (iv) any Lender fails to consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification of any Loan Document requested by Borrower that requires the consent of 100% of the Lenders or 100% of all affected Lenders and, which, in each case, has been consented to by all other Lenders or all other affected Lenders, as the case may be, or (v) any Lender or the Issuing Bank defaults in its obligations to make Loans or issue Letters of Credit, as the case may be, or other extensions of credit hereunder, Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort (including with respect to the processing and recordation fee referred to in Section 10.04(b)), upon notice to such Lender or the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender or the Issuing Bank to transfer and assign, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 10.04), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to an assignee which shall assume such assigned obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); that (w) except in the case of clause (iv) above if the effect of such amendment, waiver or other modification of the applicable Loan Document would cure any Default then ongoing, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (x) such assignment shall not conflict with any applicable Legal Requirement, (y) Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (and, if a Revolving Commitment is being assigned, the prior written consent of the Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender), which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, and (z) Borrower or such assignee shall have paid to the affected Lender or the Issuing Bank in immediately available funds an amount equal to the sum of the principal of and interest accrued to the date of such payment on the outstanding Loans or LC Disbursements of such Lender or the Issuing Bank, respectively, affected by such assignment plus all Fees and other amounts owing to or accrued for the account of such Lender or such Issuing Bank hereunder (including any amounts under Sections 2.12 and 2.13); that, if prior to any such transfer and assignment the circumstances or event that resulted in such Lenders or the Issuing Banks claim for compensation under Section 2.12(a) or (b) or notice under Section 2.12(e) or the amounts paid pursuant to Section 2.15, as the case may be, cease to cause such Lender or the Issuing Bank to suffer increased costs or reductions in amounts received or receivable or reduction in return on capital, or cease to have the consequences specified in Section 2.12(e), or cease to result in amounts being payable under Section 2.15, as the case may be (including as a result of any action taken by such Lender or the Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.16(a)), or if such Lender or the Issuing Bank shall waive its right to claim further compensation under Section 2.12(a) or (b) in respect of such circumstances or event or shall withdraw its notice under Section 2.12(e) or shall waive its right to further payments under Section 2.15 in respect of such circumstances or event or shall consent to the proposed amendment, waiver, consent or other modification, as the case may be, then such Lender or the Issuing Bank shall not thereafter be required to make any such transfer and assignment hereunder.  Each Lender and the Issuing Bank hereby grants to the Administrative Agent an irrevocable power of attorney (which power is coupled with an interest) to execute and deliver, on behalf of such Lender and the Issuing Bank as assignor, any Assignment and Acceptance necessary to effectuate any assignment of such Lenders or the Issuing Banks interests hereunder in the circumstances contemplated by this Section 2.16(b).
Replacement of Lenders
provided
provided further
 
 
63
 
 
        (c)        .  Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event that any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then (i) during any Default Period (as defined below) with respect to such Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender shall be deemed not to be a Lender, and the amount of such Defaulting Lenders Revolving Commitment and Revolving Loans and/or Term Loan Commitments and Term Loans shall be excluded for purposes of voting, and the calculation of voting, on any matters (including the granting of any consents or waivers) with respect to any of the Loan Documents; that such Defaulting Lender shall continue to be deemed a Lender for purposes of Section 10.02(b)(i), (ii) and (iii); (ii) to the extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, until such time as the Default Excess (as defined below) with respect to such Defaulting Lender shall have been reduced to zero, (A) any voluntary prepayment of the Loans pursuant to Section 2.10(a) shall, if Borrower so directs at the time of making such voluntary prepayment, be applied to the Loans and the Revolving Exposure of other Lenders in accordance with Section 2.10(a) as if such Defaulting Lender had no Loans outstanding and the Revolving Exposure of such Defaulting Lender were zero, and (B) any mandatory prepayment of the Loans pursuant to Section 2.10 shall, if Borrower so directs at the time of making such mandatory prepayment, be applied to the Loans and Revolving Exposure of other Lenders (but not to the Loans of such Defaulting Lender) in accordance with Section 2.10 as if such Defaulting Lender had funded all Defaulted Revolving Loans of such Defaulting Lender, it being understood and agreed that Borrower shall be entitled to retain any portion of any mandatory prepayment of the Loans that is not paid to such Defaulting Lender solely as a result of the operation of the provisions of this clause (B); (iii) the amount of such Defaulting Lenders Revolving Commitment, Revolving Loans and LC Exposure shall be excluded for purposes of calculating the Commitment Fee payable to Revolving Lenders pursuant to Section 2.05(a) in respect of any day during any Default Period with respect to such Defaulting Lender, and such Defaulting Lender shall not be entitled to receive any Commitment Fee pursuant to Section 2.05(a) with respect to such Defaulting Lenders Revolving Commitment in respect of any Default Period with respect to such Defaulting Lender; (iv) if any Swingline Exposure or LC Exposure exists at the time a Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then:  (A) all or any part of such Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure shall be reallocated among the Revolving Lenders that are not Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Revolving Commitments but, in any case, only to the extent the sum of the Revolving Exposures of all Revolving Lenders that are not Defaulting Lenders does not exceed the total of the Revolving Commitments of all Revolving Lenders that are not Defaulting Lenders; (B) if the reallocation described in clause (A) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected (as reasonably determined by the Administrative agent), Borrower shall within one Business Day following notice by the Administrative Agent (x) prepay such Swingline Exposure of such Defaulting Lender and (y) cash collateralize such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (A) above) in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.18(i) for so long as such LC Exposure is outstanding; (C) if Borrower cash collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure pursuant to this paragraph (iv), Borrower shall not be required to pay any LC Participation Fee to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.05(c) with respect to such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure during the period such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure is cash collateralized; (D) if the LC Exposure of the non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated pursuant to this paragraph (iv), then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.05 shall be adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Lenders reallocated LC Exposure; and (E) if any Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure is neither cash collateralized nor reallocated pursuant to this paragraph (iv), then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the Issuing Banks or any Lender hereunder, all Commitment Fees that otherwise would have been payable to such Defaulting Lender (solely with respect to the portion of such Defaulting Lenders Commitment that was utilized by such LC Exposure) and LC Participation Fee payable under Section 2.05 with respect to such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure shall be payable to the applicable Issuing Banks until such LC Exposure is cash collateralized and/or reallocated; (v) the Revolving Exposure of all Lenders as at any date of determination shall be calculated as if such Defaulting Lender had funded all Defaulted Revolving Loans of such Defaulting Lender; and (vi) so long as any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure will be 100% covered by the Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders and/or cash collateral will be provided by Borrower in accordance with paragraph (iv) of this Section 2.16(c), and participating interests in any such newly issued or increased Letter of Credit or newly made Swingline Loan shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with paragraph (iv)(A) of this Section 2.16(c) (and Defaulting Lenders shall not participate therein).  In the event that each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lender agree that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the Swingline Exposure, LC Exposure and Revolving Exposure of the Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lenders Commitment and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders (other than Swingline Loans) as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Revolving Commitment.
Defaulting Lenders
provided, however,
 
 
64
 
 
For purposes of this Agreement, (i) Funding Default means, with respect to any Defaulting Lender, the occurrence of any of the events set forth in the definition of Defaulting Lender, (ii) Default Period means, with respect to any Defaulting Lender, the period commencing on the date of the applicable Funding Default and ending on the earliest of the following dates:  (a) the date on which all Commitments are cancelled or terminated and/or the Obligations and the Specified Hedging Agreement Obligations are declared or become immediately due and payable, (b) with respect any Funding Default (other than any such Funding Default arising pursuant to clause (e) of the definition of ), the date on which (1) the Default Excess with respect to such Defaulting Lender shall have been reduced to zero (whether by the funding by such Defaulting Lender of any defaulted Loans of such Defaulting Lender or by the non-pro rata application of any voluntary or mandatory prepayments of the Loans in accordance with the terms hereof or any combination thereof) and (2) such Defaulting Lender shall have delivered to Borrower and the Administrative Agent a written reaffirmation of its intention to honor its obligations under this Agreement with respect to its Commitment(s), and (c) the date on which Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders waive all Funding Defaults of such Defaulting Lender in writing, and (iii) Default Excess shall mean, with respect to any Defaulting Lender, the excess, if any, of such Defaulting Lenders Pro Rata Percentage of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Loans of all Lenders (calculated as if all Defaulting Lenders (including such Defaulting Lender) had funded all of their respective funding obligations) over the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Loans of such Defaulting Lender.
Defaulting Lender
 
 
65
 
 
No amount of the Commitment of any Lender shall be increased or otherwise affected, and, except as otherwise expressly provided in Section 2.16(c), performance by Borrower of its obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be excused or otherwise modified, as a result of any Funding Default or the operation of Section 2.16(c).  The rights and remedies against a Defaulting Lender under Section 2.16(c) are in addition to other rights and remedies that Borrower may have against such Defaulting Lender with respect to any Funding Default and that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have against such Defaulting Lender with respect to any Funding Default.
 
        .
Section 2.17.        Swingline Loans
 
        (a)        .  Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swingline Lender agrees to make Swingline Loans to Borrower from time to time during the Revolving Availability Period, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in (and upon each such Borrowing of Swingline Loans, Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that such Borrowing will not result in) (i) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Swingline Loans exceeding the Swingline Commitment or (ii) the sum of the total Revolving Exposures exceeding the total Revolving Commitments; that the Swingline Lender shall not be required to make a Swingline Loan to refinance, in whole or in part, an outstanding Swingline Loan.  Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, Borrower may borrow, repay and reborrow Swingline Loans.
Swingline Commitment
provided
 
        (b)        .  To request a Swingline Loan, Borrower shall deliver, by hand delivery or telecopy (or transmit by other electronic transmission, if arrangements for doing so have been approved in writing by the Swingline Lender), a duly completed and executed Borrowing Request to the Administrative Agent and the Swingline Lender, not later than 10:00 a.m., Cincinnati, Ohio time, on the day of a proposed Swingline Loan.  Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the requested date (which shall be a Business Day) and the amount of the requested Swingline Loan.  Each Swingline Loan shall be an ABR Loan.  The Swingline Lender shall make each Swingline Loan available to Borrower by means of a credit to the general deposit account of Borrower with the Swingline Lender (or, in the case of a Swingline Loan made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.18(e), by remittance to the Issuing Bank) by 3:00 p.m., Cincinnati, Ohio time, on the requested date of such Swingline Loan.  Borrower shall not request a Swingline Loan if at the time of or immediately after giving effect to the Credit Extension contemplated by such request a Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom.  Swingline Loans shall be made in minimum amounts of $250,000 and integral multiples of $100,000 above such amount.
Swingline Loans
 
        (c)        .  Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to repay any Swingline Loan, in whole or in part, upon giving written notice to the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent before 12:00 p.m., Cincinnati, Ohio time, on the proposed date of repayment.
Prepayment
 
 
66
 
 
        (d)        .  The Swingline Lender may at any time in its discretion require, on behalf of the Borrower (which the Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes the Swingline Lender to act on its behalf for such purpose) and with notice to the Borrower, each Revolving Lender to make a Revolving Loan in the form of an ABR Loan in an amount equal to such Lenders Pro Rata Percentage of the amount of the Swingline Loans outstanding on the date such notice is given.  The Administrative Agent will give notice thereof to each Revolving Lender, specifying in such notice such Revolving Lenders Pro Rata Percentage of such Swingline Loans.  Each Revolving Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, upon receipt of such notice, to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Swingline Lender, such Lenders Pro Rata Percentage of such Swingline Loans.  Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to make the requested Revolving Loans pursuant to this Section 2.17(d) is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever (so long as such payment shall not cause such Lenders Revolving Exposure to exceed such Lenders Revolving Commitment).  Each Revolving Lender shall comply with its obligation under this Section 2.17(d) by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.02(c) with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.02 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to the payment obligations of the Revolving Lenders).  The proceeds of such Borrowing of Revolving Loans shall be immediately applied to repay the outstanding Swingline Loans.  The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of any Revolving Loans made by the Revolving Lenders pursuant to this Section 2.17(d).  Any amounts received by the Swingline Lender from Borrower (or other party on behalf of Borrower) in respect of a Swingline Loan after receipt by the Swingline Lender of the proceeds of a Borrowing of Revolving Loans that has repaid such Swingline Loan shall be promptly remitted to the Administrative Agent.  Any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent shall be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Revolving Lenders that shall have made their payments pursuant to this Section 2.17(d), as their interests may appear.  
Participations
 
If any Revolving Lender refuses or otherwise fails to make a Revolving Loan when required pursuant to Section 2.17(d) above, such Revolving Lender will, by the time and in the manner such Revolving Loan was to have been funded to the Administrative Agent, purchase from the Swingline Lender an undivided participating interest in the outstanding Swingline Loans in an amount equal to such Lenders Pro Rata Percentage of the aggregate principal amount of Swingline Loans that were to have been repaid with such Revolving Loans; that the foregoing purchases shall be deemed made hereunder without any further action by such Revolving Lender or the Swingline Lender.  Each Revolving Lender that so purchases a participation in a Swingline Loan shall thereafter be entitled to receive such Lenders Pro Rata Percentage of each payment of principal received on the Swingline Loan and of interest received thereon accruing from the date such Revolving Lender funded to the Administrative Agent its participation in such Revolving Loan.  The several obligations of the Revolving Lenders under this Section 2.17(d) shall be absolute, irrevocable and unconditional under any and all circumstances whatsoever and shall not be subject to any set-off, counterclaim or defense to payment which any Lender may have or have had against the Borrower, any Agent, any other Lender or any other Person whatever.  
provided
 
 
67
 
 
        (e)        .  The Swingline Lender may resign as the Swingline Lender hereunder at any time upon at least 30 days prior written notice to the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and Borrower.  The Swingline Lender may be replaced at any time by written agreement among Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the successor Swingline Lender.  The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of the Swingline Lender.  At the time any such resignation or replacement shall become effective, Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Swingline Lender.  From and after the effective date of any such resignation or replacement, (i) the successor Swingline Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of the Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans to be made by it thereafter and (ii) references herein and in the other Loan Documents to the term Swingline Lender shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Swingline Lender, or to such successor and all previous Swingline Lenders, as the context shall require.  After the resignation or replacement of the Swingline Lender hereunder, the replaced Swingline Lender shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of the Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made by it prior to such resignation or replacement, but shall not be required to make additional Swingline Loans.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.17(e) or otherwise, the Swingline Lender may not resign until such time as a successor Swingline Lender has been appointed.
Resignation or Removal of the Swingline Lender
 
        .
Section 2.18.        Letters of Credit
 
        (a)        .  Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, Borrower may request the Issuing Bank, and the Issuing Bank agrees, to issue Letters of Credit for its own account or the account of a Wholly Owned Subsidiary in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank, at any time and from time to time during the Revolving Availability Period (provided that Borrower shall be a co-applicant, and be jointly and severally liable, with respect to each Letter of Credit issued for the account of a Wholly Owned Subsidiary).  The Issuing Bank shall have no obligation to issue, and Borrower shall not request the issuance of, any Letter of Credit at any time if after giving effect to such issuance, the LC Exposure would exceed the LC Commitment or the total Revolving Exposure would exceed the total Revolving Commitments.  In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application or other agreement submitted by Borrower to, or entered into by Borrower with, the Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control.
General
 
        (b)        .  To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit or the amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit, Borrower shall hand deliver or telecopy (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved in writing by the Issuing Bank) an LC Request to the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m., Cincinnati, Ohio time, on the third Business Day preceding the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (or such later date and time as is acceptable to the Issuing Bank).
Request for Issuance, Amendment, Renewal, Extension; Certain Conditions
 
 
68
 
 
A request for an initial issuance of a Letter of Credit shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Issuing Bank:
 
        (i)        the proposed issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day);
 
        (ii)        the face amount thereof;
 
        (iii)       the expiry date thereof (which shall not be later than the close of business on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date);
 
        (iv)      the name and address of the beneficiary thereof;
 
        (v)        whether the Letter of Credit is to be issued for its own account or for the account of one of its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries ( that Borrower shall be a co-applicant, and be jointly and severally liable, with respect to each Letter of Credit issued for the account of a Wholly Owned Subsidiary);
provided
 
        (vi)      the documents to be presented by such beneficiary in connection with any drawing thereunder;
 
        (vii)     the full text of any certificate to be presented by such beneficiary in connection with any drawing thereunder; and
 
        (viii)    such other matters as the Issuing Bank may require.
 
A request for an amendment, renewal or extension of any outstanding Letter of Credit shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Issuing Bank:
 
        (ix)       the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended;
 
        (x)        the proposed date of amendment, renewal or extension thereof (which shall be a Business Day);
 
        (xi)       the nature of the proposed amendment, renewal or extension; and
 
        (xii)      such other matters as the Issuing Bank may require.
 
If requested by the Issuing Bank, Borrower also shall submit a letter of credit application on the Issuing Banks standard form in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit.  A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended only if (and, upon issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit, Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, (i) the LC Exposure shall not exceed the LC Commitment, (ii) the total Revolving Exposures shall not exceed the total Revolving Commitments and (iii) the conditions set forth in Article IV in respect of such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension shall have been satisfied.  Unless the Issuing Bank shall agree otherwise, no Letter of Credit shall be in an initial amount less than $50,000.
 
 
69
 
 
        (c)        .  Each Letter of Credit shall expire at or prior to the close of business on the earlier of (x) the date which is one year after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any renewal or extension thereof, one year after such renewal or extension) and (y) the Letter of Credit Expiration Date; that this Section 2.18(c) shall not prevent any Issuing Bank from agreeing that a Letter of Credit will automatically be extended for one or more successive periods not to exceed one year each (and, in any case, not to extend beyond the Letter of Credit Expiration Date) unless each such Issuing Bank elects not to extend for any such additional period.
Expiration Date
provided
 
        (d)        .  By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) and without any further action on the part of the Issuing Bank or the Lenders, the Issuing Bank hereby irrevocably grants to each Revolving Lender, and each Revolving Lender hereby acquires from the Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Revolving Lenders Pro Rata Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit.  In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Revolving Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Issuing Bank, such Revolving Lenders Pro Rata Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by the Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by Borrower on the date due as provided in Section 2.18(e), or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to Borrower for any reason.  Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this Section 2.18(d) in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever (so long as such payment shall not cause such Lenders Revolving Exposure to exceed such Lenders Revolving Commitment).
Participations
 
        (e)        .  (i) If the Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Issuing Bank an amount equal to such LC Disbursement not later than 1:00 p.m., Cincinnati, Ohio time, on the date that such LC Disbursement is made if Borrower shall have received notice of such LC Disbursement prior to 11:00 a.m., Cincinnati, Ohio time, on such date, or, if such notice has not been received by Borrower prior to such time on such date, then not later than 1:00 p.m., Cincinnati, Ohio time, on the Business Day immediately following the day that Borrower receives such notice; that Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.03 that such payment be financed with ABR Revolving Loans in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, Borrowers obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting ABR Revolving Loans.
Reimbursement
provided
 
        (ii)        If Borrower fails to make such payment when due, or if the amount is not financed pursuant to the proviso to Section 2.18(e)(i), the Issuing Bank shall notify the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Agent shall notify each Revolving Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement, the payment then due from Borrower in respect thereof and such Revolving Lenders Pro Rata Percentage thereof.  Each Revolving Lender shall pay by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Administrative Agent not later than 12:00 p.m., Cincinnati, Ohio time, on such date (or, if such Revolving Lender shall have received such notice later than 12:00 p.m., Cincinnati, Ohio time, on any day, not later than 11:00 a.m., Cincinnati, Ohio time, on the immediately following Business Day), an amount equal to such Revolving Lenders Pro Rata Percentage of the unreimbursed LC Disbursement in the same manner as provided in Section 2.02(c) with respect to Revolving Loans made by such Revolving Lender, and the Administrative Agent will promptly pay to the Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Revolving Lenders.  The Administrative Agent will promptly pay to the Issuing Bank any amounts received by it from Borrower pursuant to the above paragraph prior to the time that any Revolving Lender makes any payment pursuant to the preceding sentence and any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent from Borrower thereafter will be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Revolving Lenders that shall have made such payments and to the Issuing Bank, as appropriate.
 
 
70
 
 
        (iii)        If any Revolving Lender shall not have made its Pro Rata Percentage of such LC Disbursement available to the Administrative Agent as provided above, each of Borrower and such Revolving Lender severally agrees to pay interest on such amount, for each day from and including the date such amount is required to be paid in accordance with the foregoing to but excluding the date such amount is paid, to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Issuing Bank at (i) in the case of Borrower, the Default Rate and (ii) in the case of such Lender, (A) from the date such amount is required to be paid to the date that is two Business Days after payment by such Lender is due hereunder, the greater of, for each such day, (1) the Federal Funds Effective Rate and (2) an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, any standard administrative or processing fees charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with such Lenders non-payment and (B) from the date that is two Business Days after the date such amount is required to be paid to the date such payment is made by such Lender, the interest rate applicable at the time to ABR Loans.
plus
 
        (f)        .  The Reimbursement Obligation of Borrower as provided in Section 2.18(e) shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid and performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein; (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit being proved to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; (iii) payment by the Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that fails to comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit; (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section 2.18, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the obligations of Borrower hereunder; (v) the fact that a Default shall have occurred and be continuing; (vi) any material adverse change in the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, assets, liabilities (contingent or otherwise), material agreements, properties, solvency, business, management, prospects or value of any Company; or (vii) any other fact, circumstance or event whatsoever.  None of the Agents, the Lenders, the Issuing Bank or any of their Affiliates shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the Issuing Bank; that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse the Issuing Bank from liability to Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential, exemplary, special, punitive or other indirect damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements) suffered by Borrower that are caused by the Issuing Banks failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof.  The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction) with respect to such a determination, the Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination.  In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, the Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit.
Obligations Absolute
provided
 
 
71
 
 
        (g)        .  The Issuing Bank shall, promptly following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit.  The Issuing Bank shall promptly give written notice to the Administrative Agent and Borrower of such demand for payment and whether the Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder; that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve Borrower of its Reimbursement Obligation to the Issuing Bank and the Revolving Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement (other than with respect to the timing of such Reimbursement Obligation set forth in Section 2.18(e)).
Disbursement Procedures
provided
 
        (h)        .  If the Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement in full on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest payable on demand, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that Borrower reimburses such LC Disbursement, at the Default Rate.  Interest accrued pursuant to this Section 2.18(h) shall be for the account of the Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Revolving Lender pursuant to Section 2.18(e) to reimburse the Issuing Bank shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such payment.
Interim Interest
 
        (i)        .  If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the Business Day that Borrower receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, Revolving Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50% of the total LC Exposure) demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this Section 2.18(i), Borrower shall deposit in the LC Sub-Account, in the name of the Collateral Agent and for the benefit of the Revolving Lenders, an amount in cash equal to 105% of the LC Exposure as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon; that the obligation to deposit such cash collateral shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower described in paragraph (g) or (h) of Article VIII.  Funds in the LC Sub-Account shall be applied by the Collateral Agent to reimburse the Issuing Bank for LC Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of outstanding Reimbursement Obligations or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of Revolving Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50% of the total LC Exposure), be applied to satisfy other Obligations of Borrower in accordance with Article IX.  If Borrower is required to provide an amount of cash collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount plus any accrued interest with respect to such amounts (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall, in accordance with Article IX, be returned to Borrower within ten Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived.
Cash Collateralization
provided
 
 
72
 
 
        (j)        .  Borrower may, at any time and from time to time, designate one or more additional Revolving Lenders to act as an issuing bank under the terms of this Agreement, with the consent of each of the Administrative Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), the Issuing Bank (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld) and such Revolving Lender(s).  Any Revolving Lender designated as an issuing bank pursuant to this Section 2.18(j) shall be deemed (in addition to being a Revolving Lender) to be the Issuing Bank with respect to Letters of Credit issued or to be issued by such Revolving Lender, and all references herein and in the other Loan Documents to the term Issuing Bank shall, with respect to such Letters of Credit, be deemed to refer to such Revolving Lender in its capacity as Issuing Bank, as the context shall require.
Additional Issuing Banks
 
        (k)        .  The Issuing Bank may resign as Issuing Bank hereunder at any time upon at least 30 days prior written notice to the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and Borrower.  The Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement among Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the successor Issuing Bank.  The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of the Issuing Bank or any such additional Issuing Bank.  At the time any such resignation or replacement shall become effective, Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.05(c).  From and after the effective date of any such resignation or replacement or addition, as applicable, (i) the successor or additional Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of the Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued by it thereafter and (ii) references herein and in the other Loan Documents to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to such successor or such addition or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor or such addition and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require.  After the resignation or replacement of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such resignation or replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit.  If at any time there is more than one Issuing Bank hereunder, Borrower may, in its discretion, select which Issuing Bank is to issue any particular Letter of Credit.
Resignation or Removal of the Issuing Bank
 
 
73
 
 
        (l)        .  The Issuing Bank shall be under no obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if:
Other
 
        (i)        any Order of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall be its terms purport to enjoin or restrain the Issuing Bank from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Legal Requirement applicable to the Issuing Bank or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the Issuing Bank shall prohibit, or request that the Issuing Bank refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon the Issuing Bank with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which the Issuing Bank is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon the Issuing Bank any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which the Issuing Bank deems material to it; or
 
        (ii)        the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of general application of the Issuing Bank.
 
        (m)        The Issuing Bank shall be under no obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if (A) the Issuing Bank would have no obligation at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof, or (B) the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to such Letter of Credit.
 
 
Each Loan Party represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing Bank and each of the Lenders (with references in this Article III to the Companies being references thereto after giving effect to the Transactions unless otherwise expressly stated) that:
 
        .  Each Company (a) is duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and (c) is qualified, licensed and in good standing (to the extent such concept is legally recognized in the applicable jurisdiction) to do business in every jurisdiction where such qualification is required, except in such jurisdictions where the failure to so qualify, be licensed or be in good standing could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Section 3.01.        Organization; Powers
 
        .  The Transactions to be entered into by each Loan Party are within such Loan Partys powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action on the part of each such Loan Party.  This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party and constitutes, and each other Loan Document to which any Loan Party is to be a party, when executed and delivered by such Loan Party, will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.
Section 3.02.        Authorization; Enforceability
 
 
74
 
 
        .  The Transactions (a) do not require any consent, exemption, authorization or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except (i) such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (ii) filings necessary to perfect or maintain the perfection or priority of the Liens created by the Security Documents and (iii) consents, approvals, exemptions, authorizations, registrations, filings, permits or actions the failure of which to obtain or perform could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (b) will not violate the Organizational Documents of any Company, (c) will not violate or result in a default or require any consent or approval under (x) any indenture, instrument, agreement, or other document binding upon any Company or its property or to which any Company or its property is subject, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by any Company, except for violations, defaults or the creation of such rights that could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or (y) any Organizational Document, (d) will not violate any Legal Requirement in any material respect, and (e) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any property of any Company, except Liens created by the Security Documents.  No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.
Section 3.03.        No Conflicts; No Default
 
        .  (a)  Borrower has heretofore delivered to the Lenders the consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows of the Borrower (i) as of and for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2009, September 29, 2010 and September 28, 2011 audited by and accompanied by the unqualified opinion of Deloitte & Touche LLP, independent public accountants, and (ii) as of and for the 40-week period ended July 4, 2012 and for the comparable period of the preceding fiscal year, in each case, certified by the chief financial officer of Borrower.  Such financial statements and all financial statements delivered pursuant to Sections 5.01(a) and (b) have been prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the applicable period covered, respectively, thereby and present fairly and accurately the financial condition and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower as of the dates and for the periods to which they relate (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes).  Except as set forth in such financial statements, there are no material liabilities of any Company of any kind, whether accrued, contingent, absolute, determined, determinable or otherwise, and there is no existing condition, situation or set of circumstances which could reasonably be expected to result in such a liability.
Section 3.04.        Financial Statements; Projections
 
        (b)        [Reserved.]
 
        (c)        Borrower has heretofore delivered to the Lenders the forecasts of financial performance of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal years 2012-2017 (the ).  The Projections have been prepared in good faith by the Loan Parties and based upon (i) the assumptions stated therein (which assumptions are believed by the Loan Parties on the date hereof and the Closing Date to be reasonable), (ii) accounting principles consistent with the historical audited financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 3.04(a) above consistently applied throughout the fiscal years covered thereby, and (iii) the best information available to the Loan Parties as of the date hereof and the Closing Date.
Projections
 
 
75
 
 
        (d)        Since September 28, 2011, there has been no event, change, circumstance or occurrence that has had, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect.
 
        .  (a)  Each Company has good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all its property material to its business, free and clear of all Liens and irregularities, deficiencies and defects in title except for Permitted Liens (or, in the case of Collateral, Permitted Collateral Liens) and minor irregularities, deficiencies and defects in title that, individually or in the aggregate, do not, and could not reasonably be expected to, interfere in any material respect with its ability to conduct its business as currently conducted or to utilize such property for its intended purpose.
Section 3.05.        Properties
 
        (b)        The property of the Companies, taken as a whole, (i) is in good operating order, condition and repair (ordinary wear and tear excepted), and (ii) constitutes all the property which is required for the business and operations of the Companies as presently conducted.
 
        (c)        Schedule 3.05(c) contains a true and complete list of each ownership and leasehold interest in Real Property (i) owned by any Company as of the Closing Date and describes the type of interest therein held by such Company and (ii) leased, subleased or otherwise occupied or utilized by any Company, as lessee, sublessee, franchisee or licensee, as of the Closing Date and describes the type of interest therein held by such Company.
 
        (d)        No Mortgage encumbers improved Real Property that is located in an area that has been identified by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development as an area having special flood hazards within the meaning of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 unless flood insurance available under such Act has been obtained in accordance with Section 5.04.
 
        (e)        Each Company owns or has rights to use all of its property and all rights with respect to any of the foregoing used in or necessary for each Companys business as currently conducted, except for those the failure to own or have rights to use which, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  The use by each Company of its property and all such rights with respect to the foregoing do not infringe on the rights or other interests of any person, other than any infringement that could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  No claim has been made and remains outstanding that any Companys use of any of its property does or may violate the rights of any third party that, individually or in the aggregate, has had, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect.  The Real Property is zoned in all material respects to permit the uses for which such Real Property is currently being used.  The present uses of the Real Property and the current operations of each Companys business do not violate in any material respect any provision of any applicable building codes, subdivision regulations, fire regulations, health regulations or building and zoning by-laws.
 
        (f)        Except for exceptions to the following that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, there is no pending or threatened condemnation or eminent domain proceeding with respect to, or that could affect any of the Real Property of the Companies.
 
 
76
 
 
        (g)        Each parcel of Real Property is taxed as a separate tax lot and is currently being used in a manner that is consistent with and in compliance in all material respects with the property classification assigned to it for real estate tax assessment purposes.
 
        .  (a)  Each Company owns or is licensed to use, free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens), all patents and patent applications, trademarks, trade names, service marks, copyrights, domain names and applications for registration thereof, and technology, trade secrets, proprietary information, inventions, know-how and processes, in each case necessary for the conduct of its business as currently conducted (the ), except for those the failure to own or license which, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Section 3.06.        Intellectual Property
Intellectual Property
 
        (b)        No claim has been asserted in writing and is pending by any person challenging or questioning any Companys right to use any such Intellectual Property or the validity of any Companys Intellectual Property, except to the extent that such claims, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  The use of such Intellectual Property by each Company does not infringe the rights of any person, except for such claims and infringements which, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  Except pursuant to franchise agreements, samples of which have been provided to the Administrative Agent and other licenses, supply agreements, and other user agreements entered into by each Company in the ordinary course of business which, to the extent material and in existence on the Closing Date, are listed in Schedule 3.06(b), no Company has authorized any other person to use any such Intellectual Property, which use, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  Each Company has taken commercially reasonable actions to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all material trade secrets used in such Companys business.
 
        (c)        .  (i) No Company is aware of any violation by others of any right of any Company with respect to any Intellectual Property, other than such violations that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) no Company is infringing upon or misappropriating any copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property right of any other person except such as individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (iii) no Company is in breach of, or in default under, any license of Intellectual Property by any other person, to such Company, except in any case where such breach or default, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (iv) no proceedings have been instituted or are pending against any Company, or to such Companys knowledge, threatened, and no claim against any Company has been received by any Company, alleging any such infringement or misappropriation, except to the extent that such proceedings or claims, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
No Violations or Proceedings
 
        (d)        .  Neither the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, nor the consummation of the Transactions and the other transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, will alter or impair any right of any Company in any Intellectual Property, except for such alterations or impairments which result from any Companys compliance with, or the Agents enforcement of its rights under, the Loan Documents, and except to the extent that such alterations or impairments, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
No Impairment
 
 
77
 
 
        (e)        .  No Company is subject to any settlement, covenant not to sue or other instrument, agreement or other document, or any outstanding Order, which could reasonably be expected to materially affect any Companys use or licensing of its Intellectual Property in its business as currently conducted.
No Agreement or Order Materially Affecting Intellectual Property
 
        .  (a) Schedule 3.07(a) sets forth a list of (i) the Borrower and each Subsidiary of the Borrower and its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization as of the Closing Date and (ii) the number of each class of its Equity Interests authorized, and the number outstanding, on the Closing Date and the number of Equity Interests covered by all outstanding options, warrants, rights of conversion or purchase and similar rights on the Closing Date.  All Equity Interests of each Company are duly and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable, and, other than the Equity Interests of the Borrower, are owned by Borrower, directly or indirectly, through Wholly Owned Subsidiaries.  All Equity Interests of Borrower are owned directly by Holdings.  Each Loan Party is the record and beneficial owner of, and has good and marketable title to, the Equity Interests pledged by (or purporting to be pledged by) it under the Security Documents, free of any and all Liens, rights or claims of other persons, except the security interest created by the Security Documents and any Permitted Liens that arise by operation of applicable Legal Requirements and are not voluntarily granted, and, as of the Closing Date, there are no outstanding warrants, options or other rights (including derivatives) to purchase, or shareholder, voting trust or similar agreements outstanding with respect to, or property that is convertible into, or that requires the issuance or sale of, any such Equity Interests (or any economic or voting interests therein).
Section 3.07.        Equity Interests and Subsidiaries
 
        (b)        No consent of any person, including any general or limited partner, any other member or manager of a limited liability company, any shareholder, any other trust beneficiary or derivative counterparty, is necessary in connection with the creation, perfection or first priority status (or the maintenance thereof) of the security interest of the Collateral Agent in any Equity Interests pledged to the Collateral Agent under the Security Documents or the exercise by the Collateral Agent or any Lender of the voting or other rights provided for in the Security Documents or the exercise of remedies in respect of such Equity Interests.
 
        .  (a)  There are no actions, suits, claims, disputes or proceedings at law or in equity by or before any Governmental Authority now pending or, to the best of the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened against or affecting any Company or any business, property or rights of any Company (i) that purport to affect or involve any Loan Document or any of the Transactions or (ii) that have resulted, or as to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination and that, if adversely determined, could, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result, in a Material Adverse Effect.
Section 3.08.        Litigation; Compliance with Legal Requirements
 
        .  (a)  No Company is a party to any agreement, instrument or other document or subject to any corporate or other constitutional restriction, or any restriction under its Organizational Documents, that has resulted, or could reasonably be expected to result, in a Material Adverse Effect.
Section 3.09.        Agreements
 
 
78
 
 
        (b)        No Company is in default in any manner under any provision of any indenture or other agreement or instrument evidencing Indebtedness, or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a part or by which it or any of its property is or may be bound or subject, where such default could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
        (c)        Schedule 3.09(c) accurately and completely lists all Material Agreements (other than leases of Real Property set forth on Schedule 3.05(c) and franchise agreements, samples of which have been provided to the Administrative Agent on or before the date hereof) to which any Loan Party is a party which are in effect on the Closing Date in connection with the operation of the business conducted thereby and Borrower has delivered to the Administrative Agent (or expressly made available in a reasonable manner to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders for review on or before the date hereof) complete and correct copies of all such Material Agreements, including any amendments, supplements or modifications with respect thereto, and all such Material Agreements are in full force and effect.
 
        .  (a)  No Company is engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing, buying or carrying Margin Stock.
Section 3.10.        Federal Reserve Regulations
 
        (b)        No part of the proceeds of any Credit Extension will be used, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, for any purpose that entails a violation of, or that is inconsistent with, the provisions of the regulations of the Board, including Regulation T, U or X.  The pledge of the Securities Collateral pursuant to the Security Agreement does not violate such regulations.
 
          No Company is (a) an investment company or a company controlled by an investment company, as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or (b) subject to regulation under any Legal Requirement (other than Regulation X) that limits its ability to incur, create, assume or permit to exist Indebtedness or grant any Contingent Obligation in respect of Indebtedness.
Section 3.11.        Investment Company Act, etc.
 
        .  Borrower will use the proceeds of (a) the Term Loans to finance the Transactions and pay any related fees and expenses and (b) the Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans for working capital and general corporate purposes (including to effect Permitted Acquisitions, to refinance indebtedness of the business acquired pursuant to any such Permitted Acquisition and to pay fees and expenses in connection with any such Permitted Acquisition).
Section 3.12.        Use of Proceeds
 
        .  Each Company has (a) timely filed or caused to be timely filed all material federal, state, local and foreign Tax Returns required to have been filed by it and all such Tax Returns are true and correct in all material respects and (b) duly and timely paid or caused to be duly and timely paid all material Taxes (whether or not shown on any Tax Return) due and payable by it and all assessments received by it, except Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which such Company has set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP.  Each Company has made adequate provision in accordance with GAAP for all Taxes not yet due and payable.  No Company has knowledge of any proposed or pending tax assessments, deficiencies, audits or other proceedings and no proposed or pending tax assessments, deficiencies, audits or other proceedings have resulted, or could, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result, in a Material Adverse Effect.  No Company has ever participated in a reportable transaction within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4.  No Company is party to any tax sharing or similar agreement.
Section 3.13.        Taxes
 
 
79
 
 
        .  The Borrower has disclosed to the Lenders all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  Neither the Information Memorandum nor any of the other reports, financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading as of the date such information is dated or certified; that, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time.
Section 3.14.        No Material Misstatements
provided
 
        .  There are no strikes, lockouts or slowdowns against any Company pending or, to the best of the knowledge of the Loan Parties, threatened that have resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect.  The hours worked by and payments made to employees of any Company have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended, or any other applicable Legal Requirement dealing with such matters in any manner that has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect.
Section 3.15.        Labor Matters
 
        .  Both immediately before and immediately after the consummation of the Transactions to occur on the Closing Date and immediately following the making of each Credit Extension and after giving effect to the application of the proceeds of each Credit Extension, (a) the fair value of the properties of each Loan Party will exceed its debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, (b) the present fair saleable value of the property of each Loan Party will be greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of its debts and other liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and other liabilities become absolute and matured, (c) each Loan Party will be able to pay its debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and liabilities become absolute and matured; and (d) each Loan Party will not have unreasonably small capital with which to conduct its business in which it is engaged as such business is now conducted and is proposed, contemplated or about to be conducted following the Closing Date.
Section 3.16.        Solvency
 
        .  (a)  Except to the extent the failure to comply could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each Company and each of its ERISA Affiliates is in compliance with all applicable Legal Requirements, including all applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder, with respect to all Employee Benefit Plans.  Each Employee Benefit Plan complies in all material respects, and is operated and maintained in compliance in all material respects, with all applicable Legal Requirements, including all applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder.  Each Employee Benefit Plan that is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination from the Internal Revenue Service for all required amendments and nothing has occurred which could reasonably be expected to prevent, or cause the loss of, such qualification.
Section 3.17.        Employee Benefit Plans
 
 
80
 
 
        (b)        No ERISA Event has occurred or is expected to occur.  No Pension Plan has any Unfunded Pension Liability.  Except as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (either individually or in the aggregate), within the last six years, no Pension Plan has been terminated, whether or not in a standard termination as that term is used in Section 4041 of ERISA, nor has any Pension Plan (determined at any time within the last six years) with an Unfunded Pension Liability been transferred outside of the controlled group (within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(14) of ERISA) of any Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates.  Using actuarial assumptions and computation methods consistent with subpart I of subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA, the aggregate liabilities of any Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates to all Multiemployer Plans in the event of a complete withdrawal therefrom, as of the close of the most recent fiscal year of each such Multiemployer Plan, have not resulted in, and could not reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect.
 
        .  (a)  Except as could not reasonably be expected to result in loss to the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, assets, properties, solvency, business, prospects or value of the Companies, individually or in the aggregate, in excess of $5,000,000:
Section 3.18.        Environmental Matters
 
        (i)        the Companies and their businesses, operations and Real Property are and have at all times during the Companies ownership or lease thereof been in compliance with, and the Companies have no liability under, any applicable Environmental Law;
 
        (ii)        the Companies have obtained all Environmental Permits required for the conduct of their businesses and operations, and the ownership, operation and use of their Real Property, under all applicable Environmental Laws.  The Companies are in compliance with the terms and conditions of such Environmental Permits, and all such Environmental Permits are valid and in good standing;
 
        (iii)       there has been no Release or threatened Release or any handling, management, generation, treatment, storage or disposal of Hazardous Materials on, at, under or from any Real Property or facility presently or formerly owned, leased or operated by any of the Companies or their predecessors in interest that has resulted in, or is reasonably likely to result in, liability or obligations by any of the Companies under Environmental Law or in an Environmental Claim;
 
        (iv)      there is no Environmental Claim pending or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, threatened against any of the Companies, or relating to the Real Property currently or formerly owned, leased or operated by any of the Companies or relating to the operations of the Companies, and, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, there are no actions, activities, circumstances, conditions, events or incidents that are reasonably likely to form the basis of such an Environmental Claim;
 
 
81
 
 
        (v)       no Company is obligated to perform any action or otherwise incur any expense under Environmental Law, including pursuant to any Order or agreement by which it is bound or has assumed by contract or agreement, and no Company is conducting or financing any Response pursuant to any Environmental Law with respect to any Real Property or any other location;
 
        (vi)      no Real Property or facility owned, operated or leased by the Companies and, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, no Real Property or facility formerly owned, operated or leased by any of the Companies or any of their predecessors in interest is (i) listed or proposed for listing on the National Priorities List as defined in and promulgated pursuant to CERCLA or (ii) listed on the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Information System promulgated pursuant to CERCLA or (iii) included on any similar list maintained by any Governmental Authority that indicates that any Company has or is reasonably likely to have an obligation to undertake investigatory or remediation obligations under applicable Environmental Laws;
 
        (vii)     there are no underground or aboveground storage tanks, whether empty or containing any Hazardous Material, located on any Real Property; and
 
        (viii)    the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the consummation of the Transactions and the other transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not require any notification, registration, filing, reporting, disclosure, investigation, remediation or cleanup obligations pursuant to any Governmental Real Property Disclosure Requirements or any other Environmental Law.
 
        .  Schedule 3.19 sets forth a true, complete and accurate description in reasonable detail of all insurance maintained by each Company as of the Closing Date.  Each Company has insurance in such amounts and covering such risks and liabilities as are customary for companies of a similar size engaged in similar businesses in similar locations or as are otherwise deemed prudent by the Borrower, in the exercise of its reasonable business judgment.  All material insurance maintained by the Companies is in full force and effect, all premiums have been duly paid, no Company has received notice of violation, invalidity or cancellation thereof, the Premises, and the use, occupancy and operation thereof, comply in all material respects with all Insurance Requirements, and there exists no default under any Insurance Requirement.
Section 3.19.        Insurance
 
        .  (a)  The Security Agreement is effective to create in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, legal, valid and enforceable Liens on, and security interests in, the Security Agreement Collateral and, when (i) financing statements and other filings in appropriate form are filed in the Office of the Secretary of State of the jurisdiction of incorporation or organization of the applicable Loan Party (or in such other applicable central filing office as shall be specified under the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the jurisdiction of incorporation or organization of the applicable Loan Party) and (ii) upon the taking of possession or control by the Collateral Agent of the Security Agreement Collateral with respect to which a security interest may be perfected only by possession or control (which possession or control shall be given to the Collateral Agent to the extent possession or control by the Collateral Agent is required by each Security Document), the Liens created by the Security Agreement shall constitute fully perfected Liens on, and security interests in, all right, title and interest of the grantors thereunder in the Security Agreement Collateral (other than (A) the Intellectual Property constituting Collateral and (B) such Security Agreement Collateral in which a security interest cannot be perfected under the UCC as in effect at the relevant time in the relevant jurisdiction), in each case subject to no Liens other than Permitted Liens.
Section 3.20.        Security Documents
 
 
82
 
 
        (b)        When (i) the Security Agreement or a short form thereof is filed in the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United States Copyright Office, and (ii) financing statements and other filings in appropriate form are filed in the Office of the Secretary of State of the jurisdiction of incorporation or organization of the applicable Loan Party (or in such other applicable central filing office as shall be specified under the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the jurisdiction of incorporation or organization of the applicable Loan Party), the Liens created by the Security Agreement shall constitute fully perfected Liens on, and security interests in, all right, title and interest of the grantors thereunder in the Intellectual Property constituting Collateral, in each case subject to no Liens other than Permitted Liens.
 
        (c)        Each Mortgage delivered pursuant to Sections 5.10 and 5.11 will, upon execution and delivery thereof, be effective to create, in favor of the Collateral Agent, for its benefit and the benefit of the Secured Parties, legal, valid and enforceable first priority Liens on, and security interests in, all of the Loan Parties right, title and interest in and to the Mortgaged Properties thereunder and the proceeds thereof, subject only to Permitted Liens, and when such Mortgage is filed in the offices specified in the local counsel opinion delivered with respect thereto in accordance with the provisions of Sections 5.10 and 5.11), such Mortgage shall constitute fully perfected Liens on, and security interests in, all right, title and interest of the Loan Parties in the Mortgaged Properties thereunder and the proceeds thereof, in each case prior and superior in right to any other person, other than Permitted Liens.
 
        (d)        Each Security Document delivered pursuant to Sections 5.11 and 5.12 will, upon execution and delivery thereof, be effective to create in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, legal, valid and enforceable Liens on, and security interests in, all of the Loan Parties right, title and interest in and to the Collateral thereunder, and (i) when all appropriate filings or recordings are made in the appropriate offices as may be required under applicable Legal Requirements and (ii) upon the taking of possession or control by the Collateral Agent of such Collateral with respect to which a security interest may be perfected only by possession or control (which such possession or control shall be given to the Collateral Agent to the extent required by any Security Document), the Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent created under such Security Document will constitute valid, enforceable and fully perfected first priority Liens on, and security interests in, all right, title and interest of the Loan Parties in such Collateral, in each case subject to no Liens other than Permitted Liens.
 
        .  (a) No Company and, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, none of its Affiliates is in violation of any Legal Requirements relating to terrorism or money laundering (), including Executive Order No. 13224 on Terrorist Financing, effective September 24, 2001 (the ), and the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Public Law 107-56 (the ).
Section 3.21.        Anti-Terrorism Law; Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
Anti-Terrorism Laws
Executive Order
Patriot Act
 
 
83
 
 
        (b)        No Company and to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, no Affiliate or broker or other agent of any Loan Party acting or benefiting in any capacity in connection with the Credit Extensions currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (); and the Borrower will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the Loans or the Letters of Credit or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Person, for the purpose of financing the activities of any Person currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC.
OFAC
 
        (c)        No Company and, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, no broker or other agent of any Company acting in any capacity in connection with the Loans (i) conducts any business or engages in making or receiving any contribution of funds, goods or services to or for the benefit of any person described in Section 3.21(b), (ii) deals in, or otherwise engages in any transaction relating to, any property or interests in property blocked pursuant to the Executive Order, or (iii) engages in or conspires to engage in any transaction that evades or avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempts to violate, any of the prohibitions set forth in any Anti-Terrorism Law.
 
        (d)        No Company nor any director or officer, nor to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, any agent, employee or other person acting, directly or indirectly, on behalf of any Company, has, in the course of its actions for, or on behalf of, any Company, directly or indirectly (i) used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; (ii) made any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate funds; (iii) violated or is in violation of any provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977; or (iv) made any unlawful bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee.
 
 
        .  The obligation of each Lender and, if applicable, each Issuing Bank to fund the initial Credit Extension requested to be made by it shall be subject to the prior or concurrent satisfaction of each of the conditions precedent set forth in this Section 4.01.
Section 4.01.        Conditions to Initial Credit Extension
 
        (a)        .  All legal matters incident to this Agreement, the Credit Extensions hereunder and the other Loan Documents shall be satisfactory to the Lenders, to the Issuing Bank and to the Administrative Agent and there shall have been delivered to the Administrative Agent a properly executed counterpart of each of the Loan Documents and the Perfection Certificate.
Loan Documents
 
 
84
 
 
        (b)        .  The Administrative Agent shall have received:
Corporate Documents
 
        (i)        a certificate of the secretary or assistant secretary of each Loan Party dated the Closing Date, certifying (A) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of each Organizational Document of such Loan Party certified (to the extent applicable) as of a recent date by the Secretary of State of the state of its organization, (B) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of resolutions duly adopted by the Board of Directors of such Loan Party authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which such person is a party and, in the case of Borrower, the Credit Extensions hereunder, and that such resolutions have not been modified, rescinded or amended and are in full force and effect and (C) as to the incumbency and specimen signature of each officer executing any Loan Document or any other document delivered in connection herewith on behalf of such Loan Party (together with a certificate of another officer as to the incumbency and specimen signature of the secretary or assistant secretary executing the certificate required by this clause (i));
 
        (ii)       a certificate as to the good standing (to the extent such concept is legally recognized in the applicable jurisdiction) of each Loan Party (in so-called long-form if available) as of a recent date, from such Secretary of State;
 
        (iii)      a list of the Borrowers Authorized Representatives; and
 
        (iv)      a Federal Reserve Form U-1 duly executed by the Borrower.
 
        (c)        .  The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated the Closing Date and signed by the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer of Borrower, confirming compliance with the conditions precedent set forth in this Section 4.01 and Sections 4.02(b), (c) and (d).
Officers Certificate
 
        (d)          (i)  The Transactions shall have been consummated or shall be consummated simultaneously on the Closing Date, in accordance with the terms hereof; and
Financings and Other Transactions, Etc.
 
        (ii)        The Refinancing shall have been consummated in full to the satisfaction of the Lenders with all liens in favor of the existing lenders being unconditionally released; the Administrative Agent shall have received a pay-off letter in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent with respect to all Indebtedness being refinanced in the Refinancing; and the Administrative Agent shall have received from any person holding any Lien securing any such Indebtedness, such UCC (or equivalent) termination statements, mortgage releases, releases of assignments of leases and rents, releases of security interests in Intellectual Property and other instruments, in each case in proper form for recording or filing, as the Administrative Agent shall have reasonably requested to release and terminate of record the Liens securing such Indebtedness.
 
 
85
 
 
        (e)        .  After giving effect to the Transactions and the other transactions contemplated hereby, no Company shall have outstanding any Indebtedness for borrowed money or Preferred Stock other than (i) the Loans and Credit Extensions hereunder, (ii) the Indebtedness listed on Schedule 6.01(b) and (iii) Indebtedness owed to any Loan Party.
Indebtedness and Minority Interests
 
        (f)        .  The Administrative Agent shall have received, on behalf of itself, the other Agents, the Arranger, the Lenders and the Issuing Bank, a favorable written opinion of (i) Olshan Frome Wolosky LLP, special counsel for the Loan Parties, substantially to the effect set forth in Exhibit N-1, (ii) each local counsel listed on Schedule 4.01(f), substantially to the effect set forth in Exhibit N-2, in each case (A) dated the Closing Date, (B) addressed to the Agents, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders.
Opinions of Counsel
 
        (g)        .  The Administrative Agent shall have received a solvency certificate (a ) in the form of Exhibit M, dated the Closing Date and signed by the chief financial officer of Borrower.
Solvency Certificate
Solvency Certificate
 
        (h)        .  The Lenders shall be satisfied that each Company, and the Transactions shall be in full compliance with all material Legal Requirements, including Regulations T, U and X of the Board, and shall have received satisfactory evidence of such compliance reasonably requested by them.
Legal Requirements
 
        (i)        .  The Lenders shall be satisfied that all requisite Governmental Authorities, equityholders and third parties shall have approved, authorized or consented to the Transactions, and there shall be no governmental or judicial action, actual or threatened, that has or would have, individually or in the aggregate, a reasonable likelihood of restraining, preventing or imposing burdensome conditions on the Transactions or the other transactions contemplated hereby.
Consents
 
        (j)        .  There shall not exist any claim, action, suit, investigation, litigation or proceeding pending or threatened by or before any court, or any governmental, administrative or regulatory agency or authority, domestic or foreign, that, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent or any Lender (a) has had, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect, (b) calls into question in any material respect the Projections or any of the material assumptions on which the Projections were prepared, or (c) the ability of any Company to perform its obligations under the Loan Documents or the ability of the parties to consummate the financings contemplated hereby or the other Transactions.
Litigation
 
        (k)        .  The sources, which shall not include any Revolving Loans, and uses of the Credit Extensions on the Closing Date shall be as set forth in Section 3.12.
Sources and Uses
 
        (l)        .  The Arranger and Administrative Agent shall have received all Fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the Closing Date, including, to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including the premiums, survey charges and recording taxes and fees and the legal fees and expenses of Chapman and Cutler LLP, counsel to the Administrative Agent and Arranger, and the fees and expenses of any local counsel, foreign counsel, appraisers, consultants and other advisors) required to be reimbursed or paid by the Loan Parties hereunder or under any other Loan Document.
Fees
 
 
86
 
 
        (m)        .  The Collateral Agent shall have received:
Personal Property Requirements
 
        (i)        all certificates, agreements or instruments representing or evidencing the Securities Collateral accompanied by instruments of transfer and stock powers undated and endorsed in blank;
 
        (ii)       the Intercompany Note executed by and among the Companies, accompanied by an endorsement to the Intercompany Note in the form attached thereto, undated and endorsed in blank by each of the Loan Parties;
 
        (iii)      all other certificates, agreements or instruments necessary to perfect the Collateral Agents security interest in all Chattel Paper, all Instruments and all Investment Property of each Loan Party (as each such term is defined in, and to the extent required by, the Security Agreement) (excluding any Control Agreement necessary to perfect the Collateral Agents security interest in the Deposit Accounts identified in Schedule 16(a) to the Perfection Certificate, which shall be delivered after the Closing Date in accordance with Section 5.14 hereof);
 
        (iv)     UCC financing statements in appropriate form for filing under the UCC, filings with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and United States Copyright Office and such other documents under applicable Legal Requirements in each jurisdiction as may be necessary or appropriate or, in the opinion of the Collateral Agent, desirable to perfect the Liens created, or purported to be created, by the Security Documents;
 
        (v)      copies, each as of a recent date, of (w) the UCC searches required by the Perfection Certificate, (x) United States Patent and Trademark Office and United States Copyright Office searches with respect to each Company, (y) tax and judgment lien searches, bankruptcy and pending lawsuit searches or equivalent reports or searches listing all effective lien notices or comparable documents that name any Company as debtor and that are filed in the state and county jurisdictions in which any Company is organized or maintains its principal place of business, and (z) such other searches that the Collateral Agent deems necessary or appropriate; and
 
        (vi)     evidence reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent of payment or arrangements for payment by the Loan Parties of all applicable filing or recording taxes, fees, charges, costs and expenses required for the filing or recording of the Security Documents.
 
 
87
 
 
        (n)        .  The Administrative Agent shall have received a copy of, or a certificate as to coverage under, the insurance policies required by Section 5.04 and the applicable provisions of the Security Documents, each of which shall be endorsed or otherwise amended to include a standard or New York lenders loss payable or mortgagee endorsement (as applicable) and shall name the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, as additional insured, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent.
Insurance
 
        (o)        .  The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received, in form and substance satisfactory to them, all documentation and other information required by bank regulatory authorities or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender under or in respect of applicable Anti-Terrorism Laws or know-your-customer Legal Requirements, including the Executive Order.
Bank Regulatory Documentation
 
        .  The obligation of each Lender and each Issuing Bank to make any Credit Extension (including the initial Credit Extension) shall be subject to, and to the satisfaction of, each of the conditions precedent set forth below.
Section 4.02.        Conditions to All Credit Extensions
 
        (a)        .  The Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing Request as required by Section 2.03 (or such notice shall have been deemed given in accordance with Section 2.03) if Loans are being requested or, in the case of the issuance, amendment, extension or renewal of a Letter of Credit, the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent shall have received a notice requesting the issuance, amendment, extension or renewal of such Letter of Credit as required by Section 2.18(b) or, in the case of the Borrowing of a Swingline Loan, the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing Request as required by Section 2.17(b).
Notice
 
        (b)        .  Borrower and each other Loan Party shall be in compliance in all material respects with all the terms and provisions set forth herein and in each other Loan Document on its part to be observed or performed, and, at the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Credit Extension and the application of the proceeds thereof, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing on such date.
No Default
 
        (c)        .  Each of the representations and warranties made by any Loan Party set forth in Article III or in any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Credit Extension with the same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date); that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects on such respective dates.
Representations and Warranties
provided
 
        (d)        .  No Order of any Governmental Authority shall purport to restrain (i) any Lender from making any Loans to be made by it or (ii) the Issuing Bank from issuing any Letters of Credit to be issued by it.  No injunction or other restraining Order shall have been issued, shall be pending or noticed with respect to any action, suit or proceeding seeking to enjoin or otherwise prevent the consummation of, or to recover any damages or obtain relief as a result of, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the making of Loans or the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder.
No Legal Bar
 
 
88
 
 
Each of the delivery of a Borrowing Request or notice requesting the issuance, amendment, extension or renewal of a Letter of Credit and the acceptance by Borrower of the proceeds of such Credit Extension shall constitute a representation and warranty by Borrower and each other Loan Party that on the date of such Credit Extension (both immediately before and after giving effect to such Credit Extension and the application of the proceeds thereof) the conditions contained in this Section 4.02 have been satisfied.  Borrower shall provide such information (including calculations in reasonable detail of the covenants in Section 6.10) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request to confirm that the conditions in this Section 4.02 have been satisfied.
 
 
Each Loan Party warrants, covenants and agrees with the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing Bank and each Lender that so long as this Agreement shall remain in effect and until the Commitments have been terminated and the principal of and interest and premium (if any) on each Loan, all Fees and all other expenses or amounts payable under any Loan Document shall have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit have been canceled or have expired and all amounts drawn thereunder have been reimbursed in full, each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to:
 
        .  Furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender:
Section 5.01.        Financial Statements, Reports, Etc
 
        (a)        .  As soon as available and in any event within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year, (i) the consolidated balance sheet of Borrower as of the end of such fiscal year and related consolidated statements of income, cash flows and stockholders equity for such fiscal year, in comparative form with such financial statements as of the end of, and for, the preceding fiscal year, and notes thereto (including a note with a consolidating balance sheet and statements of income and cash flows separating out Borrower and its Subsidiaries), all prepared in accordance with GAAP and accompanied by an opinion of Deloitte & Touche LLP or other independent public accountants of recognized national standing reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which opinion shall not be qualified as to scope or contain any going concern or other material qualification or exemption), stating that such financial statements fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of Borrower as of the dates and for the periods specified in accordance with GAAP, and (ii) a management report in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent setting forth the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of Borrower as of the end of and for such fiscal year, compared to the end of and for the previous fiscal year;
Annual Reports
 
 
89
 
 
        (b)        .  As soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter of each fiscal year, the consolidated balance sheet of Borrower as of the end of such fiscal quarter and related consolidated statements of income and cash flows for such fiscal quarter and for the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, in comparative form with the consolidated statements of income and cash flows for the comparable periods in the previous fiscal year, all prepared in accordance with GAAP and accompanied by a certificate of a Financial Officer stating that such financial statements fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of Borrower as of the date and for the periods specified in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, and on a basis consistent with audited financial statements referred to in clause (a) of this Section 5.01, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes;
Quarterly Reports
 
        (c)        .  (i) Concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under Section 5.01(a) or (b) above, a Compliance Certificate certifying that no Default has occurred or, if such a Default has occurred, specifying in reasonable detail the nature and extent thereof and any corrective action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto and setting forth computations in reasonable detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent demonstrating compliance with the covenants contained in Section 6.10 and, in the case of Section 5.01(a) above, setting forth Borrowers calculation of Excess Cash Flow; and (ii) in the case of Section 5.01(a) above, a report of the accounting firm opining on or certifying such financial statements stating that in the course of its regular audit of the financial statements of Borrower and its Subsidiaries, which audit was conducted in accordance with GAAP, such accounting firm obtained no knowledge that any Default has occurred or, if in the opinion of such accounting firm such a Default has occurred, specifying in reasonable detail the nature and extent thereof in each case insofar as such Default relates to financial or accounting matters ( that such report may indicate that the accounting firms audit was not directed primarily toward obtaining knowledge of such noncompliance);
Financial Officers Certificate
provided, however,
 
        (d)        .  Concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under Section 5.01(a) above, a certificate of a Financial Officer certifying that as of the date thereof (i) all UCC financing statements (including fixture filings, as applicable) or other appropriate filings, recordings or registrations, including all refilings, rerecordings and reregistrations, containing a sufficient description of the Collateral have been filed of record in each governmental, municipal or other appropriate office in each jurisdiction necessary to protect, perfect or maintain the perfection or priority of the Liens under the Security Documents for a period of not less than 18 months after the date of such certificate (except as noted therein with respect to any continuation statements to be filed within such period), and (ii) all possessory Collateral required to be delivered to the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Security Documents has been so delivered;
Financial Officers Certificate Regarding Collateral
 
        (e)        .  Promptly after the receipt thereof by any Company, a copy of any management letter received by any such person from its certified public accountants and the managements responses thereto;
Management Letters
 
 
90
 
 
        (f)        .  No later than the 45th day of each fiscal year of Borrower, a budget in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (including budgeted statements of income for each of Borrowers and its Subsidiaries business units and sources and uses of cash and balance sheets, in each case on a consolidated basis) prepared by Borrower for (i) each fiscal quarter of such fiscal year prepared in detail and (ii) the fiscal year immediately following such fiscal year prepared in summary form; and
Budgets
 
        (g)        .  Promptly, from time to time, such other information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of any Company, or compliance with the terms of any Loan Document, or the environmental condition of any Real Property, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request.
Other Information
 
        .  Furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender written notice of the following promptly (and, in any event, within five Business Days following the date on which a Responsible Officer obtains knowledge thereof):
Section 5.02.        Litigation and Other Notices
 
        (a)        any Default, specifying the nature and extent thereof and the corrective action (if any) taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto;
 
        (b)        the filing or commencement of, or any threat or notice of intention of any person to file or commence, any action, suit, litigation or proceeding, whether at law or in equity or otherwise by or before any Governmental Authority, (i) against any Company or any Affiliate thereof that has had, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) with respect to any Loan Document or (iii) with respect to any of the other Transactions;
 
        (c)        any development that has resulted, or could reasonably be expected to result, in a Material Adverse Effect;
 
        (d)        the occurrence of a Casualty Event in excess of $2,000,000 (whether or not covered by insurance);
 
        (e)        the occurrence of any ERISA Event that, alone or together with any other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in liability of Borrower and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount exceeding $2,000,000;
 
        (f)        the receipt by any Company of any notice of any Environmental Claim or violation of or potential liability under, or knowledge by any Company that there exists a condition that has resulted, or could reasonably be expected to result, in an Environmental Claim or a violation of or liability under, any Environmental Law, except for Environmental Claims, violations and liabilities the consequence of which, in the aggregate, have not and could not be reasonably likely to subject the Companies collectively to liabilities exceeding $2,000,000; and
 
        (g)        (i) the incurrence of any Lien (other than Permitted Collateral Liens) on, or claim asserted against, all or any substantial portion of the Collateral or (ii) the occurrence of any other event which could reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the value of the Collateral.
 
 
91
 
 
        .  (a) Do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and all rights and franchises, licenses and permits material to the conduct of its business, except as otherwise expressly permitted under Section 6.05 or Section 6.06.
Section 5.03.        Existence; Businesses and Properties
 
        (b)        Do or cause to be done all things necessary to maintain or cause to be maintained in good repair, working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, all properties material to the conduct of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and from time to time will make or cause to be made all appropriate repairs, renewals and replacements thereof necessary in order that the business carried on in connection therewith may be properly conducted at all times; that nothing in this Section 5.03(b) shall prevent any abandonment or other disposition of property or assets permitted to be made pursuant to Section 6.06.
provided
 
        .  (a) Maintain such insurance, to such extent and against such risks as is customary with companies in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations or as is otherwise deemed prudent by the Borrower in the exercise of its reasonable business judgment, including (i) physical hazard insurance on an all risk basis, (ii) commercial general liability against claims for bodily injury, death or property damage covering any and all insurable claims, (iii) business interruption insurance, (v) workers compensation insurance and such other insurance as may be required by any Legal Requirement and (vi) such other insurance against risks (including key-man life insurance) as the Administrative Agent may from time to time require (in each case, such policies to be in such form and amounts and having such coverage as may be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent); that with respect to physical hazard insurance, (x) neither the Collateral Agent nor the applicable Company shall agree to the adjustment of any claim thereunder without the consent of the other (such consent not to be unreasonably conditioned, withheld or delayed), and (y) no consent of any Company shall be required during an Event of Default.
Section 5.04.        Insurance
provided
 
        (b)        Notify the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent immediately whenever any separate insurance concurrent in form or contributing in the event of loss with that required to be maintained under this Section 5.04 is taken out by any Company; and promptly (and, in any event, within five Business Days) deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent a duplicate original copy of such policy or policies.
 
        (c)        With respect to each Mortgaged Property, obtain flood insurance in such total amount as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may from time to time reasonably require, if at any time the area in which any improvements located on any Mortgaged Property is designated a flood hazard area in any Flood Insurance Rate Map published by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency), and otherwise comply with the National Flood Insurance Program as set forth in the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973.
 
        (d)        No Loan Party that is an owner of any Mortgaged Property shall take any action that is reasonably likely to be the basis for termination, revocation or denial of any insurance coverage required to be maintained under such Loan Partys respective Mortgage or that could reasonably be the basis for a defense to any claim under any Insurance Policy maintained in respect of the Premises, and each Loan Party shall otherwise comply in all material respects with all Insurance Requirements in respect of the Premises; that each Loan Party may, at its own expense and after written notice to the Administrative Agent, (i) contest the applicability or enforceability of any such Insurance Requirements by appropriate legal proceedings, the prosecution of which does not constitute a basis for cancellation or revocation of any insurance coverage required under this Section 5.04 or (ii) cause the Insurance Policy containing any such Insurance Requirement to be replaced by a new policy complying with the provisions of this Section 5.04.
provided, however,
 
 
92
 
 
        .  (a) Pay its Indebtedness and other material obligations promptly and in accordance with their terms and pay and discharge promptly when due all material Taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies imposed upon it or upon its income or profits or in respect of its property, before the same shall become delinquent or in default, as well as all lawful claims for labor, services, materials and supplies or otherwise that, if unpaid, might give rise to a Lien other than a Permitted Lien upon such properties or any part thereof; that such payment and discharge shall not be required with respect to any such Tax, assessment, charge, levy or claim so long as (i) the validity or amount thereof shall be contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings timely instituted and diligently conducted and the applicable Company shall have set aside on its books adequate reserves or other appropriate provisions with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP, and (ii) such contest operates to suspend collection of the contested obligation, Tax, assessment or charge and enforcement of a Lien other than a Permitted Lien.
Section 5.05.        Obligations and Taxes
provided
 
        .  (a) Comply in all material respects with all applicable Legal Requirements, including the applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code with respect to all Employee Benefit Plans and (b) furnish to the Administrative Agent (x) as soon as possible after, and in any event within five Business Days after any Responsible Officer of any Company or any ERISA Affiliate of any Company knows or has reason to know that, any ERISA Event or other event with respect to an Employee Benefit Plan has occurred that, alone or together with any other ERISA Event could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Companies or any of their ERISA Affiliates in an aggregate amount exceeding $1,000,000 or the imposition of a Lien, a statement of a Financial Officer of Borrower setting forth details as to such ERISA Event and the action, if any, that the Companies propose to take with respect thereto, and (y) upon request by the Administrative Agent, copies of (i) annual report (Form 5500 Series) filed by any Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates with the Employee Benefits Security Administration with respect to each Employee Benefit Plan; (ii) the most recent actuarial valuation report for each Pension Plan; (iii) all notices received by any Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates from a Multiemployer Plan sponsor or any governmental agency concerning an ERISA Event; and (iv) such other information, documents or governmental reports or filings relating to any Employee Benefit Plan as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request.
Section 5.06.        Employee Benefits
 
        .  (a) Keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP and all Legal Requirements are made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities.  Each Company will permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or any Lender (i) to visit and inspect the financial records and the property of such Company upon reasonable prior notice and at reasonable times (such visits and inspections to be limited to one visit and inspection coordinated by the Administrative Agent per fiscal year so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), and (ii) to make extracts from and copies of such financial records, and permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default, any Lender to discuss the affairs, finances, accounts and condition of any Company with the officers and employees thereof and advisors therefor (including independent accountants) in the presence of representatives of such Company.
Section 5.07.        Maintaining Records; Access to Properties and Inspections; Annual Meetings
 
 
93
 
 
        (b)        Borrower shall, or shall cause Holdings to, permit each Lender and the Administrative Agent to attend the annual general stockholders meeting of Holdings.  
 
        .  Use the proceeds of the Loans only for the purposes set forth in Section 3.12 and request the issuance of Letters of Credit only to support obligations of the Borrower or its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries and (ii) in the case of Existing Letters of Credit, for the purposes set forth in the documentation governing such Existing Letters of Credit.
Section 5.08.        Use of Proceeds
 
        .  (a) Comply, and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause all lessees and other persons occupying its properties to comply, in all material respects with all Environmental Laws applicable to its operations and properties; obtain and renew all material environmental permits necessary for its operations and properties; and conduct any remedial action in accordance with Environmental Laws; that none of the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall be required to undertake any remedial action required by Environmental Laws to the extent that its obligation to do so is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and appropriate reserves are being maintained with respect to such circumstances in accordance with GAAP.
Section 5.09.        Compliance with Environmental Laws; Environmental Reports
provided, however,
 
        .  (a) Subject to this Section 5.10, with respect to any property acquired after the Closing Date by any Loan Party that is intended to be subject to the Lien created by any of the Security Documents but is not so subject (but, in any event, excluding any Equity Interest of a Foreign Subsidiary not required to be pledged pursuant to the last sentence of Section 5.10(b)), promptly (and in any event within 15 Business Days after the acquisition thereof, unless extended by the Administrative Agent in writing in its sole discretion) (i) execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent such amendments or supplements to the relevant Security Documents or such other documents as the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent shall deem necessary or advisable to grant to the Collateral Agent, for its benefit and for the benefit of the other Secured Parties, a Lien on such property subject to no Liens other than Permitted Collateral Liens, (ii) if requested by the Administrative Agent, deliver opinions of counsel to Borrower in form and substance, and from counsel, reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, and (iii) take all actions necessary to cause such Lien to be duly perfected to the extent required by such Security Documents in accordance with all applicable Legal Requirements, including the filing of financing statements in such jurisdictions as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Loan Parties shall not have any obligation to perfect Liens on the Intellectual Property constituting Collateral in any jurisdiction other than in the United States.  Borrower and the other Loan Parties shall otherwise take such actions and execute and/or deliver to the Collateral Agent such documents as the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent shall require to confirm the validity, perfection and priority of the Lien of the Security Documents against such after-acquired properties.
Section 5.10.        Additional Collateral; Additional Guarantors
 
 
94
 
 
        (b)        With respect to any person that is or becomes a Subsidiary of a Loan Party after the Closing Date, promptly (and in any event within 30 days after such person becomes a Subsidiary, unless extended by the Administrative Agent in writing in its sole discretion) (i) deliver to the Collateral Agent the certificates, if any, representing all of the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary, together with undated stock powers or other appropriate instruments of transfer executed and delivered in blank by a duly authorized officer of the holder(s) of such Equity Interests, and all intercompany notes owing from such Subsidiary to any Loan Party together with instruments of transfer executed and delivered in blank by a duly authorized officer of such Loan Party and (ii) cause such new Subsidiary (A) to execute a Joinder Agreement to become a Subsidiary Guarantor or, in the case of a Foreign Subsidiary, execute a security document compatible with the laws of such Foreign Subsidiarys jurisdiction (and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent) to cause such Subsidiary to become a Subsidiary Guarantor and a Pledgor, (B) deliver opinions of counsel to Borrower in form and substance, and from counsel, reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and (C) to take all actions necessary or advisable in the opinion of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to cause the Lien created by the applicable Security Document to be duly perfected to the extent required by such Security Document in accordance with all applicable Legal Requirements, including the filing of financing statements (or equivalent registrations) in such jurisdictions as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, (1) the Equity Interests required to be delivered to the Collateral Agent pursuant to clause (i) of the preceding sentence shall not include any Equity Interests of a Foreign Subsidiary that is a controlled foreign corporation (within the meaning of Section 957(a) of the Code) and (2) no Foreign Subsidiary that is a controlled foreign corporation (within the meaning of Section 957(a) of the Code) shall be required to take the actions specified in clause (ii) of the preceding sentence, that the exception contained in clause (1) shall not apply to (A) Voting Stock of any Subsidiary which is a first-tier controlled foreign corporation (within the meaning of Section 957(a) of the Code) representing 66% of the total voting power of all outstanding Voting Stock of such Subsidiary and (B) 100% of the Equity Interests not constituting Voting Stock of any such Subsidiary, except that any such Equity Interests constituting stock entitled to vote within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.956-2(c)(2) shall be treated as Voting Stock for purposes of this Section 5.10(b).
provided
 
        (c)        With respect to any person that is or becomes a Subsidiary of a Loan Party after the Closing Date, promptly (and in any event within 10 Business Days after such person becomes a Subsidiary), unless extended by the Administrative Agent in writing in its sole discretion) execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent (i) a counterpart to the Intercompany Note and (ii) if such Subsidiary is a Loan Party, an endorsement to the Intercompany Note (undated and endorsed in blank) in the form attached thereto, endorsed by such Subsidiary.
 
 
95
 
 
        (d)        (i) Within 60 days after the Mortgage Trigger Date, deliver the following with respect to each parcel of Real Property owned by such Loan Party on the Mortgage Trigger Date:
 
        (A)        Mortgages on each such parcel of fee-owned Real Property in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, duly executed and acknowledged by each Loan Party that is the owner of or holder of any leasehold interest in such Mortgaged Property, and otherwise in form for recording or filing in the recording or filing office of each applicable governmental subdivision where each such Mortgaged Property is situated, together with such certificates, affidavits, questionnaires or returns as shall be required in connection with the recording or filing thereof to create a lien under applicable Legal Requirements, and such financing statements and any other instruments necessary to grant a mortgage Lien under the laws of any applicable jurisdiction, all of which shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent;
 
        (B)        with respect to each such Mortgaged Property, such consents, approvals, amendments, supplements, estoppels, tenant subordination agreements or other instruments as shall reasonably be deemed necessary by the Collateral Agent in order for the owner or holder of the fee interest constituting such Mortgaged Property to grant the Lien contemplated by the Mortgage with respect to such Mortgaged Property;
 
        (C)        with respect to each Mortgage, a policy of title insurance (or marked up title insurance commitment having the effect of a policy of title insurance) insuring the Lien of such Mortgage as a valid first mortgage Lien on the Mortgaged Property and fixtures described therein in the amount equal to not less than 120% of the Fair Market Value of such Mortgaged Property and fixtures (with the Fair Market Value to be mutually agreed upon by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), which policy (or such marked-up commitment) (each, a ) shall (A) be issued by the Title Company, (B) to the extent necessary, include such reinsurance arrangements (with provisions for direct access, if necessary) as shall be acceptable to the Collateral Agent, (C) contain a tie-in or cluster endorsement, if available under applicable Legal Requirements (i.e., policies which insure against losses regardless of location or allocated value of the insured property up to a stated maximum coverage amount), (D) have been supplemented by such endorsements (or where such endorsements are not available, opinions of special counsel, architects or other professionals reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent) as shall be reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent (including endorsements on matters relating to usury, first loss, last dollar, zoning, contiguity, revolving credit, doing business, non-imputation, public road access, survey, variable rate, environmental lien, subdivision, separate tax lot, revolving credit, and so-called comprehensive coverage over covenants and restrictions), and (E) contain no exceptions to title other than exceptions reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent;
Title Policy
 
        (D)        with respect to each Mortgaged Property, such affidavits, certificates, information (including financial data) and instruments of indemnification (including a so-called gap indemnification) as shall be required to induce the Title Company to issue the Title Policy/ies and endorsements contemplated above;
 
 
96
 
 
        (E)        evidence reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent of payment by Borrower of all Title Policy premiums, search and examination charges, escrow charges and related charges, mortgage recording taxes, fees, charges, costs and expenses required for the recording of the Mortgages and issuance of the Title Policies referred to above;
 
        (F)        with respect to each Mortgaged Property, copies of all Leases in which any Loan Party holds the lessors interest or other agreements relating to possessory interests, if any.  To the extent any of the foregoing affect any Mortgaged Property, such agreement shall be subordinate to the Lien of the Mortgage to be recorded against such Mortgaged Property, either expressly by its terms or pursuant to a subordination, non-disturbance and attornment agreement, and shall otherwise be reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent;
 
        (G)        evidence, with respect to each Mortgaged Property, that each Loan Party shall have made all notifications, registrations and filings, to the extent required by, and in accordance with, all Governmental Real Property Disclosure Requirements applicable to such Real Property or Mortgaged Property;
 
        (H)        Surveys with respect to each Mortgaged Property;
 
        (I)        with respect to each Mortgaged Property, an environmental assessment prepared by any environmental consultant and in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent; and
 
        (J)        with respect to each Mortgaged Property, an opinion of local counsel admitted to practice in the jurisdiction in which such Mortgaged Property is located, reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Collateral Agent, as to the validity and effectiveness of such Mortgage as a lien on such Real Property encumbered thereby.
 
        (ii)        After the Mortgage Trigger Date, promptly (and in any event within 10 Business Days of the acquisition thereof) deliver the items described in Section 5.10(d)(i) with respect to (A) each parcel of owned Real Property that is acquired by such Loan Party after the Mortgage Trigger Date.
 
        (iii)        The Mortgages delivered pursuant to clauses (i) or (ii) of this Section 5.10(d) shall be duly recorded or filed in such manner and in such places as are required by applicable Legal Requirements to establish, perfect, preserve and protect the Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent required to be granted pursuant to such Mortgages and all taxes, fees and other charges payable in connection therewith shall be paid in full.
 
        .  (a) Promptly, upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender, at the Companies expense, execute, acknowledge and deliver, or cause the execution, acknowledgment and delivery of, and thereafter register, file or record, or cause to be registered, filed or recorded, in an appropriate governmental office, any document or instrument supplemental to or confirmatory of the Security Documents or otherwise deemed by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent reasonably necessary or desirable for the continued validity, enforceability, perfection and priority of the Liens on the Collateral covered thereby subject to no other Liens except Permitted Liens, or obtain any consents or waivers as may be necessary or appropriate in connection therewith.
Section 5.11.        Security Interests; Further Assurances
 
 
97
 
 
        (b)        Deliver or cause to be delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent from time to time such other documentation, instruments, consents, authorizations, approvals and Orders in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent as the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall reasonably deem necessary or advisable to perfect or maintain the validity, enforceability, perfection and priority of the Liens on the Collateral pursuant to the Security Documents.
 
        .  (a) Concurrently with the delivery of financial statements pursuant to Section 5.01(a), deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent a Perfection Certificate Supplement.
Section 5.12.        Information Regarding Collateral
 
        .  Satisfy in all material respects, customary corporate, limited liability company or other like formalities, including the accurate maintenance of separate organizational and business records.
Section 5.13.        Maintenance of Corporate Separateness
 
        .  
Section 5.14.        Post-Closing Agreements
 
        (a)        In the event that the Borrower has not relocated its primary offices in Indianapolis, Indiana to the Real Property described in Section 6.01(n) within 90 days of the Closing Date, use commercially reasonable efforts to execute and deliver a Landlord Access Agreement for the location set forth on Schedule 4.01(m)(vi).
 
(b)        Execute and deliver Control Agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent with respect to (i) the deposit account held at Barclays listed on Schedule 16(a) of the Perfection Certificate and (ii) each securities account listed on Schedule 16(b) of the Perfection Certificate, in each case within 30 days of the Closing Date.
        
 
 
Each Loan Party warrants, covenants and agrees with the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing Bank and each Lender that, so long as this Agreement shall remain in effect and until the Commitments have been terminated and the principal of and interest and premium (if any) on each Loan, all Fees and all other expenses or amounts payable under any Loan Document have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit have been canceled or have expired or have been Cash Collateralized and all amounts drawn thereunder have been reimbursed in full, no Loan Party will, nor will they cause or permit any Subsidiaries to:
 
        .  Incur, create, assume or permit to exist, directly or indirectly, any Indebtedness, except:
Section 6.01.        Indebtedness
 
        (a)        Indebtedness incurred under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents;
 
 
98
 
 
        (b)        Indebtedness outstanding on the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 6.01(b);
 
        (c)        Indebtedness under Hedging Obligations under Permitted Hedging Agreements, in each case entered into in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes or taking a market view; that if such Hedging Obligations relate to interest rates, (i) such Hedging Obligations relate to payment obligations on Indebtedness otherwise permitted to be incurred by the Loan Documents and (ii) the notional principal amount of such Hedging Obligations at the time incurred does not exceed the principal amount of the Indebtedness to which such Hedging Obligations relate;
provided
 
        (d)        Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.04;
 
        (e)        Indebtedness of Borrower and its Subsidiaries in respect of Purchase Money Obligations and Capital Lease Obligations in an aggregate amount not to exceed $15,000,000 at any time outstanding; that, in the case of Purchase Money Obligations, (i) such Indebtedness is incurred within 90 days after such acquisition, installation, construction or improvement of such fixed or capital assets (including Equity Interests of any person owning the applicable fixed or capital assets) by such person and (ii) the amount of such Indebtedness does not exceed 100% of the cost of such acquisition, installation, construction or improvement, as the case may be;
provided, however,
 
        (f)        Indebtedness in respect of workers compensation claims, self-insurance obligations, bankers acceptances and bid, performance or surety bonds issued for the account of any Company in the ordinary course of business, including guarantees or obligations of any Company with respect to letters of credit supporting such workers compensation claims, self-insurance obligations, bankers acceptances and bid, performance or surety obligations (in each case other than for an obligation for money borrowed);
 
        (g)        Contingent Obligations of any Company in respect of Indebtedness otherwise permitted under this Section 6.01 (other than Section 6.01(i));
 
        (h)        Indebtedness arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial institution of a check, draft or similar instrument inadvertently (except in the case of daylight overdrafts) drawn against insufficient funds in the ordinary course of business; that such Indebtedness is extinguished within five Business Days of incurrence;
provided, however,
 
        (i)        Indebtedness arising in connection with endorsement of instruments for deposit in the ordinary course of business;
 
        (j)        unsecured Indebtedness of any Company in an aggregate principal amount for all Companies not to exceed $15,000,000 at any time outstanding; that no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time such unsecured Indebtedness is incurred or would result from the incurrence thereof;
provided
 
 
99
 
 
        (k)        Indebtedness which represents a refinancing or renewal of any of the Indebtedness described in clauses (b), (c) and (e); that (A) any such refinancing Indebtedness is in an aggregate principal amount (or aggregate amount, as applicable) not greater than the aggregate principal amount (or aggregate amount, as applicable) of the Indebtedness being renewed or refinanced, plus the amount of any reasonable premiums required to be paid thereon and reasonable fees and expenses associated therewith, (B) such refinancing Indebtedness has a later or equal final maturity and longer or equal weighted average life to maturity than the Indebtedness being renewed or refinanced, (C) the covenants, events of default and subordination (including lien subordination) provisions thereof shall be, in the aggregate, no less favorable to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders than those contained in the Indebtedness being renewed or refinanced, and (D) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom;
provided
 
        (l)        Indebtedness arising from agreements of Borrower or a Subsidiary providing for indemnification, adjustment or purchase price or similar obligations, in each case, incurred or assumed in connection with any acquisition of any business, assets or Subsidiary permitted pursuant to Section 6.07, other than guarantees of Indebtedness incurred by any person acquiring all or any portion of such business, assets or a Subsidiary for the purpose of financing such acquisition;
 
        (m)        Indebtedness owed to any Person providing property, casualty, liability, or other insurance to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is incurred in the ordinary course of business, so long as the amount of such Indebtedness is not in excess of the amount of the unpaid cost of, and shall be incurred only to defer the cost of, such insurance for the period in which such Indebtedness is incurred and such Indebtedness is outstanding only during the period covered by such insurance; and
 
        (n)        Indebtedness secured by a Lien on Real Property purchased by the Borrower after the Closing Date, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $5,000,000 at any time outstanding.
 
        .  Create, incur, assume or permit to exist, directly or indirectly, any Lien on any property now owned or hereafter acquired by it or on any income or revenues or rights in respect of any thereof, except the following (collectively, the ):
Section 6.02.        Liens
Permitted Liens
 
        (a)        inchoate Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or levies not yet due and payable or delinquent and Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or levies, which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings promptly initiated and diligently conducted for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, which proceedings (or Orders entered in connection with such proceedings) have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the property subject to any such Lien, and (i) which do not in the aggregate materially detract from the value of the property of the Companies, taken as a whole, or the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, and do not materially impair the use thereof in the operation of the business of the Companies, taken as a whole, or the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, and (ii) which, if they secure obligations that are then due and unpaid, are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings promptly initiated and diligently conducted for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, which proceedings (or Orders entered in connection with such proceedings) have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the property subject to any such Lien;
 
 
100
 
 
        (b)        Liens in respect of property of any Company imposed by law, which were incurred in the ordinary course of business and do not secure Indebtedness for borrowed money, such as carriers, warehousemens, materialmens, landlords, workmens, suppliers, repairmens and mechanics Liens and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business;
 
        (c)        any Lien in existence on the Closing Date and set forth on Schedule 6.02(c) and any Lien granted as a replacement or substitute therefor; that any such replacement or substitute Lien (i) except as permitted by Section 6.01(k)(A), does not secure an aggregate amount of Indebtedness or other obligations, if any, greater than that secured on the Closing Date (minus the aggregate amount of any permanent repayments and prepayments thereof since the Closing Date but only to the extent that such repayments and prepayments by their terms cannot be reborrowed or redrawn and do not occur in connection with a refinancing of all or a portion of such Indebtedness) and (ii) does not encumber any property other than the property subject thereto on the Closing Date (any such Lien, an );
provided
Existing Lien
 
        (d)        easements, rights-of-way, restrictions (including zoning restrictions), covenants, licenses, encroachments, protrusions, servitudes and other similar charges or encumbrances, and minor title deficiencies, in each case, on or with respect to any Real Property, whether now or hereafter in existence, not (i) securing Indebtedness, (ii) in the aggregate materially impairing the value of such Real Property or (iii) in the aggregate materially interfering with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Companies at or otherwise with respect to such Real Property;
 
        (e)        Liens arising out of judgments, attachments or awards not resulting in a Default and in respect of which such Company shall in good faith be diligently prosecuting an appeal or proceedings for review in respect of which there shall be secured a subsisting stay of execution pending such appeal or proceedings;
 
        (f)        Liens (other than any Lien imposed by ERISA) (x) imposed by law or deposits made in connection therewith in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other types of social security legislation, (y) incurred in the ordinary course of business to secure the performance of tenders, statutory obligations (other than excise taxes), surety, stay, customs and appeal bonds, statutory bonds, bids, leases, government contracts, trade contracts, performance and return of money bonds and other similar obligations (in each case, exclusive of obligations for the payment of Indebtedness) or (z) arising by virtue of deposits made in the ordinary course of business to secure liability for premiums to insurance carriers; that (i) with respect to clauses (x), (y) and (z) of this Section 6.02(f), such Liens are for amounts not yet due and payable or delinquent or, to the extent such amounts are so due and payable, such amounts are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, which proceedings (or Orders entered in connection with such proceedings) have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the property subject to any such Lien, and (ii) to the extent such Liens are not imposed by Legal Requirements, such Liens shall in no event encumber any property other than cash and Cash Equivalents;
provided
 
 
101
 
 
        (g)        Leases of the properties of any Company, in each case entered into in the ordinary course of such Companys business so long as such Leases do not, individually or in the aggregate, (i) interfere in any material respect with the ordinary conduct of the business of any Company or (ii) materially impair the use (for its intended purposes) or the value of the property subject thereto;
 
        (h)        Liens arising out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for the sale of goods entered into by any Company in the ordinary course of business in accordance with the past practices of such Company;
 
        (i)        Liens securing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(e), that (i) any such Liens attach only to the property being financed pursuant to such Indebtedness, (ii) do not encumber any other property of any Company and (iii) the principal amount of the Indebtedness secured by any such Lien shall not exceed the lesser of 80% of the Fair Market Value or the cost of the property secured by such Lien;
provided
 
        (j)        bankers Liens, rights of setoff and other similar Liens existing solely with respect to cash and Cash Equivalents on deposit in one or more accounts maintained by any Company, in each case granted in the ordinary course of business in favor of the bank or banks with which such accounts are maintained, securing amounts owing to such bank with respect to cash management and operating account arrangements, including those involving pooled accounts and netting arrangements; that, unless such Liens are non-consensual and arise by operation of applicable Legal Requirements, in no case shall any such Liens secure (either directly or indirectly) the repayment of any Indebtedness;
provided
 
        (k)        Liens on property existing at the time such property is acquired by any Company to the extent permitted hereunder and Liens on property of a person existing at the time such person is acquired or merged with or into or consolidated with any Company to the extent permitted hereunder; that such Liens (i) do not extend to property not subject to such Liens at the time of such acquisition, merger or consolidation (other than improvements thereon), and (ii) are not created in anticipation or contemplation of such acquisition, merger or consolidation and do not attach to any other assets or property of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries;
provided
 
        (l)        Liens granted pursuant to the Security Documents to secure the Secured Obligations;
 
 
102
 
 
        (m)        licenses of Intellectual Property granted by any Company in the ordinary course of business and not interfering in any material respect with the ordinary conduct of business of the Companies;
 
        (n)        the filing of UCC financing statements solely as a precautionary measure in connection with operating leases or consignment of goods;
 
        (o)        Liens of a collecting bank arising in the ordinary course of business under Section 4 208 of the UCC covering only the items being collected upon;
 
        (p)        Liens granted by a Company in favor of a Loan Party in respect of Indebtedness owed by such Company to such Loan Party; that such Indebtedness is (i) evidenced by the Intercompany Note and (ii) pledged by such Loan Party as Collateral pursuant to the Security Documents;
provided
 
        (q)        Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business of Borrower or any Subsidiary of Borrower with respect to obligations that do not exceed $2,000,000 at any one time outstanding and which apply to property and/or assets with an aggregate fair market value not to exceed $2,000,000; that no Default or Event of Default exists and is continuing at the time such Lien is incurred or would result from the incurrence of such Lien;
provided
 
        (r)        Liens on assets arising pursuant to merger agreements, stock or asset purchase agreements and similar agreements in respect of the Asset Sales permitted pursuant to Section 6.06; that such Liens only attach to the assets subject to such Asset Sale;
provided
 
        (s)        Liens in the nature of the right of setoff in favor of counterparties to contractual agreements with Borrower or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business; and
 
        (t)        Liens securing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(n), that such Liens attach only to the Real Property purchased by the Borrower with respect to which such Indebtedness was incurred and do not encumber any other property.  
provided
 
        .  Enter into any arrangement, directly or indirectly, with any person whereby it shall sell or transfer any property used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such property or other property which it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property being sold or transferred (a ), except for any Sale and Leaseback Transaction on any fixed or capital assets by the Borrower or any Subsidiary that is (i) permitted by Section 6.06, (ii) made for cash consideration in an amount not less than the Fair Market Value of such fixed or capital asset and (iii) consummated within 360 days after the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable, acquires or completes the construction of such fixed or capital asset; that, if such Sale and Leaseback Transaction results in a Capital Lease Obligation, such Capital Lease Obligation is permitted by Section 6.01 and any Lien made the subject of such Capital Lease Obligation is permitted by Section 6.02.
Section 6.03.        Sale and Leaseback Transactions
Sale and Leaseback Transaction
provided
 
 
103
 
 
        .  Directly or indirectly, lend money or credit (by way of guarantee, assumption of debt or otherwise) or make advances to any person, or purchase or acquire any stock, bonds, notes, debentures or other obligations or securities of, or any other interest in, or make any capital contribution to, any other person, or purchase or own a futures contract or otherwise become liable for the purchase or sale of currency or other commodities at a future date in the nature of a futures contract (all of the foregoing, collectively, ), except that the following shall be permitted:
Section 6.04.        Investments, Loans and Advances
Investments
 
        (a)        the Companies may consummate the Transactions;
 
        (b)        Investments outstanding on the Closing Date and identified on Schedule 6.04(b) and replacements thereof in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount existing on the Closing Date; that the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing at the time it delivers the financial statements required pursuant to Section 5.01(b) hereof of any such replacements with detail thereof reasonably sufficient to the Administrative Agent (for the purposes of this clause (b), such Investments existing on the Closing Date will be valued as being equal to the fair market value of such Investments on the Closing Date, and any replacements of such Investments shall be valued as being equal to the consideration paid therefore at the time of purchase, in each case without regard to any increases or decreases in the market value thereof or any mark-ups or mark-downs in the book value thereof);
provided
 
        (c)        the Companies may (i) acquire and hold accounts receivables owing to any of them if created or acquired in the ordinary course of business and payable or dischargeable in accordance with customary terms, (ii) invest in, acquire and hold cash and Cash Equivalents, (iii) endorse negotiable instruments held for collection in the ordinary course of business or (iv) make lease, utility and other similar deposits in the ordinary course of business;
 
        (d)        Hedging Obligations permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(c);
 
        (e)        loans and advances to directors, employees and officers of Borrower and the Subsidiaries for bona fide business purposes, in aggregate amount not to exceed $500,000 at any time outstanding (calculated without regard to write-downs or write-offs thereof); that, no loans in violation of Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act shall be permitted hereunder;
provided
 
        (f)        Investments by (i) Borrower in any Subsidiary Guarantor, and (ii) any Company in Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor; that any Investment in the form of a loan or advance shall be evidenced by the Intercompany Note and, in the case of a loan or advance by a Loan Party, pledged by such Loan Party as Collateral pursuant to the Security Documents;
provided
 
 
104
 
 
        (g)        Investments in securities of trade creditors or customers in the ordinary course of business and consistent with such Companys past practices that are received in settlement of bona fide disputes or pursuant to any plan of reorganization or liquidation or similar arrangement upon the bankruptcy or insolvency of such trade creditors or customers;
 
        (h)        mergers and consolidations in compliance with Section 6.05;
 
        (i)        Investments made by Borrower or any Subsidiary as a result of consideration received in connection with an Asset Sale made in compliance with Section 6.06;
 
        (j)        Acquisitions of property in compliance with Section 6.07 (other than Section 6.07(a));
 
        (k)        Dividends in compliance with Section 6.08;
 
        (l)        at any time when the Total Leverage Ratio, calculated as of the last day of the most recent Test Period, is greater than or equal to 2.0:1.0, other Investments in an aggregate amount not to exceed $30,000,000 (the ); that no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time any such Investments are made or would result from the making of any such Investments; that, at any time after the Total Leverage Ratio, calculated as of the last day of any Test Period, is less than 2.0:1.0, the Other Investments Basket shall increase to $50,000,000 and all Investments that comprise the incremental amount of such increase in the Other Investment Basket (i.e. $20,000,000) shall be made in marketable securities that are registered on a national securities exchange (for purposes of this clause (l), Investments will be valued as being equal to the consideration paid therefore at the time of purchase without regard to any increases or decreases in the market value thereof or any mark-ups or mark-downs in the book value thereof);
Other Investments Basket
provided
provided further
 
        (m)        unsecured intercompany loans, by any Company to Holdings evidenced by the Intercompany Note for purposes and in amounts that would otherwise be permitted to be made as Dividends to Holdings pursuant to Sections 6.08(b)-(d); that the principal amount of any such loans shall reduce Dollar-for-Dollar the amounts that would otherwise be permitted to be paid for such purpose in the form of Dividends pursuant to such Section; and
provided
 
        (n)        Investments in an aggregate amount not to exceed $20,000,000 at any time outstanding in joint ventures, partnerships, and similar arrangements (including foreign joint ventures), whether in corporate, partnership or other legal form, that do not constitute Subsidiaries; , that (i) any such joint venture, partnership or similar arrangement shall be, or shall be engaged in, a business of the type that Borrower and its Subsidiaries are permitted to be engaged in under Section 6.14, and (ii)no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time any such Investments are made or would result from the making of any such Investments.
provided
 
 
 
 
105
 
 
        .  Wind up, liquidate or dissolve its affairs or enter into any transaction of merger or consolidation (or agree to do any of the foregoing at any time), except that the following shall be permitted:
Section 6.05.        Mergers and Consolidations
 
        (a)        dispositions of assets in compliance with Section 6.06 (other than Section 6.06(d) and Section 6.06(e));
 
        (b)        Permitted Acquisitions;
 
        (c)        any solvent Company (other than Borrower) may merge or consolidate with or into Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor (as long as Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor is the surviving person in such merger or consolidation and, in the case of any Subsidiary Guarantor, remains a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of Borrower); that the Lien on and security interest in such property granted or to be granted in favor of the Collateral Agent under the Security Documents shall be maintained or created in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.10 or Section 5.11, as applicable; and
provided
 
        (d)        any Subsidiary may dissolve, liquidate or wind up its affairs at any time if such dissolution, liquidation or winding up is not disadvantageous to any Agent or Lender in any material respect.
 
To the extent the requisite Lenders under Section 10.02(b) waive the provisions of this Section 6.05 with respect to the sale of any Collateral, or any Collateral is sold as permitted by this Section 6.05, such Collateral (unless sold to a Company or any Affiliate thereof), but not the proceeds thereof, shall be sold free and clear of the Liens created by the Security Documents, and, so long as Borrower shall have previously provided to the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent such certifications or documents as the Collateral Agent and/or the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request in order to demonstrate compliance with this Section 6.05, the Collateral Agent shall take all actions it deems appropriate in order to effect the foregoing.
 
        .  Effect any Asset Sale, or agree to effect any disposition of any property, except that the following shall be permitted:
Section 6.06.        Asset Sales
 
        (a)        dispositions of obsolete property by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business and the abandonment or other disposition of Intellectual Property that is, in the reasonable good faith judgment of Borrower, no longer economically practicable to maintain or useful in the conduct of the business of the Companies taken as a whole;
 
        (b)        other dispositions of property; that (i) the aggregate consideration received in respect of all dispositions of property pursuant to this clause (b) shall not exceed $50,000,000 during the term of this Agreement, (ii) such dispositions of property are made for Fair Market Value and on an arms-length commercial basis, (iii) at least 80% of the consideration payable in respect of such disposition of property is in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents, and (iv) the Borrower uses the proceeds of the disposition to prepay the Loans as and to the extent required by Section 2.10(c);
provided
 
 
106
 
 
        (c)        leases of real or personal property in the ordinary course of business and in accordance with the applicable Security Documents;
 
        (d)        Investments in compliance with Section 6.04;
 
        (e)        mergers and consolidations in compliance with Section 6.05;
 
        (f)        Dividends in compliance with Section 6.08;
 
        (g)        sales of inventory in the ordinary course of business and dispositions of cash and Cash Equivalents in the ordinary course of business;
 
        (h)        any disposition of property that constitutes a Casualty Event;
 
        (i)        any disposition of property by any Subsidiary of Borrower to Borrower or any of its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries; that if the transferor of such property is a Subsidiary Guarantor, the transferee thereof must be Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor;
provided
 
        (j)        dispositions of Investments or receivables in connection with the compromise, settlement or collection thereof in the ordinary course of business or in bankruptcy or similar proceedings and exclusive of factoring or similar arrangements; and
 
        (k)        the licensing or sublicensing of intellectual property or other general intangibles and licenses, sublicenses, leases or subleases of other property in the ordinary course of business which do not materially interfere with the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
 
To the extent the requisite Lenders under Section 10.02(b) waive the provisions of this Section 6.06, with respect to the sale of any Collateral, or any Collateral is sold as permitted by this Section 6.06, such Collateral (unless sold to a Company or any Affiliate thereof), but not the proceeds thereof, shall be sold free and clear of the Liens created by the Security Documents, and, so long as Borrower shall have previously provided to the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent such certifications or documents as the Collateral Agent and/or the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request in order to demonstrate compliance with this Section 6.06, the Collateral Agent shall take all actions it deems appropriate in order to effect the foregoing.
 
        .  Purchase or otherwise acquire (in one or a series of related transactions) any part of the property of any person (or agree to do any of the foregoing at any time), except that the following shall be permitted:
Section 6.07.        Acquisitions
 
        (a)        Investments in compliance with Section 6.04;
 
        (b)        Capital Expenditures by Borrower and the Subsidiaries shall be permitted to the extent permitted by Section 6.10(c);
 
 
107
 
 
        (c)        purchases and other acquisitions of inventory, materials, equipment and intangible property in the ordinary course of business;
 
        (d)        leases or licenses of real or personal property in the ordinary course of business and in accordance with this Agreement and the applicable Security Documents;
 
        (e)        Permitted Acquisitions;
 
        (f)        acquisitions of leased property or franchised restaurants so long as the Acquisition Consideration in respect of such acquisitions does not exceed $5,000,000 in the aggregate in any fiscal year;
 
        (g)        mergers and consolidations in compliance with Section 6.05; and
 
        (h)        Dividends in compliance with Section 6.08.
 
that the Lien on and security interest in such property granted or to be granted in favor of the Collateral Agent under the Security Documents shall be maintained or created in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.10 or Section 5.11, as applicable.
provided
 
        .  Authorize, declare or pay, directly or indirectly, any Dividends with respect to any Company (including pursuant to any Synthetic Purchase Agreement) or incur any obligation (contingent or otherwise) to do so, except that the following shall be permitted:
Section 6.08.        Dividends
 
        (a)        [Reserved];
 
        (b)        Dividends by any Company that is a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of Borrower to Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor that is a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of Borrower;
 
        (c)        payments to Holdings to permit Holdings, and the substantially concurrent use of such payments by Holdings, to repurchase or redeem Qualified Capital Stock of Holdings held by officers, directors or employees or former officers, directors or employees (or their transferees, estates or beneficiaries under their estates) of any Company, upon their death, disability, retirement, severance or termination of employment or service; that the aggregate amount of payments to Holdings shall not exceed, in any period of 12 consecutive months, $500,000 and, in the aggregate, $1,000,000;
provided
 
        (d)        (i) to the extent actually used substantially concurrently by Holdings to pay such taxes, costs and expenses, payments by Borrower to or on behalf of Holdings in an amount sufficient to pay franchise taxes and other fees required to maintain the legal existence of Holdings and (ii) payments by Borrower to or on behalf of Holdings in an amount sufficient to pay out-of-pocket legal, accounting and filing costs and other expenses in the nature of overhead in the ordinary course of business of Holdings, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii) in an aggregate amount not to exceed $1,000,000 in any period of 12 consecutive months;
 
 
108
 
 
        (e)        Permitted Tax Distributions by Borrower to Holdings, so long as Holdings uses such distributions substantially concurrently to pay its taxes;  
 
        (f)        additional cash Dividends to Holdings; that after giving effect to the payment of each such Dividend on a Pro Forma Basis, Borrower shall be in compliance with all covenants set forth in Section 6.10 as of the most recent Test Period, and the Borrower shall provide prior to each such Dividend an executed and completed Compliance Certificate demonstrating such pro forma compliance; that if the Total Leverage Ratio, calculated as of the last day of the most recent Test Period, exceeds 2.0:1.0, such Dividends shall only be permitted if (i) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, (ii) after giving effect to the payment of such Dividends on a Pro Forma Basis, the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recent Test Period shall be at least 1.35:1.0, and the Borrower shall provide prior to each such Dividend an executed and completed Compliance Certificate demonstrating pro forma compliance with Section 6.10(a) and such Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, and (iii) after giving effect to the payment of such Dividends on a Pro Forma Basis, the aggregate amount of the undrawn and available portion of the Revolving Commitment shall be at least $5,000,000;
provided
provided further
 
that the amount of Dividends that may be made for a particular purpose pursuant to Sections 6.08(b)-(d) shall be reduced Dollar-for-Dollar by the amount of any such payments made for such purpose in the form of an intercompany loan by Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries to Holdings pursuant to Section 6.04(m).
provided
 
        .  Enter into, directly or indirectly, any transaction or series of related transactions, whether or not in the ordinary course of business, with any Affiliate of any Company (other than between or among Borrower and one or more Subsidiary Guarantors), other than on terms and conditions at least as favorable to such Company as would reasonably be obtained by such Company at that time in a comparable arms-length transaction with a person other than an Affiliate, except that the following shall be permitted:
Section 6.09.        Transactions with Affiliates
 
        (a)        Dividends permitted by Section 6.08;
 
        (b)        Investments permitted by Section 6.04;
 
        (c)        reasonable and customary director, officer and employee compensation (including bonuses) and other benefits (including retirement, health, stock option and other benefit plans) and indemnification arrangements, in each case approved by the Board of Directors of the applicable Company;
 
        (d)        the Transactions;
 
        (e)        any issuance of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Capital Stock) of Borrower to Affiliates of Borrower; and
 
 
109
 
 
        (f)        any transaction with suppliers or franchisees in the ordinary course of business that are on substantially similar terms to those contained in similar transactions by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with unaffiliated suppliers and franchisees consistent with past practice.
 
        .  
Section 6.10.        Financial Covenants
 
        (a)        . Permit the Total Leverage Ratio, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter ending nearest to any Test Period End Date set forth in the table below, to exceed the ratio set forth opposite such Test Period in the table below:
Maximum Total Leverage Ratio
 
 
        (b)        . Permit the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio as of the last day of any Test Period to be less than 1.25 to 1.0.
Minimum Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio
 
        (c)        .  Permit the aggregate amount of Capital Expenditures made in any fiscal year to exceed $20,000,000.
Limitation on Capital Expenditures
 
 
110
 
 
.  Directly or indirectly:
Section 6.11.        Prepayments of Other Indebtedness; Modifications of Organizational Documents, Acquisition and Certain Other Documents, etc
 
        (a)        (including pursuant to any Synthetic Purchase Agreement) make or offer to make (or give any notice in respect thereof) any voluntary or optional payment or prepayment on or redemption, retirement, defeasance, or acquisition for value of, or any prepayment or redemption as a result of any asset sale, change of control or similar event of, any Subordinated Indebtedness; or
 
        (b)        terminate, amend, modify (including electing to treat any Pledged Interests (as defined in the Security Agreement) as a security under Section 8-103 of the UCC) or change any of its Organizational Documents (including by the filing or modification of any certificate of designation) or any agreement to which it is a party with respect to its Equity Interests (including any stockholders agreement), or enter into any new agreement with respect to its Equity Interests, other than any such amendments, modifications or changes or such new agreements which are not, and could not reasonably be expected to be, adverse in any material respect to the interests of any Agent or Lender.
 
        .  Directly or indirectly, create or otherwise cause or suffer to exist or become effective any encumbrance, restriction or condition on the ability of any Subsidiary to (i) pay Dividends or make any other distributions on its Equity Interests or any other interest or participation in its profits owned by any Company, or pay any Indebtedness owed to any Company, (ii) make loans or advances to any Company or (iii) transfer any of its properties to any Company, except for such encumbrances, restrictions or conditions existing under or by reason of:
Section 6.12.        Limitation on Certain Restrictions on Subsidiaries
 
        (a)        applicable Legal Requirements;
 
        (b)        this Agreement and the other Loan Documents;
 
        (c)        customary provisions restricting subletting or assignment of any lease governing a leasehold interest of a Subsidiary;
 
        (d)        customary provisions restricting assignment of any agreement entered into by a Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business;
 
        (e)        customary restrictions and conditions contained in any agreement relating to the sale or other disposition of any property pending the consummation of such sale; that (i) such restrictions and conditions apply only to the property to be sold, and (ii) such sale or other disposition is permitted hereunder; or
provided
 
        (f)        agreements listed on Schedule 6.12 and any amendments, restatements, modifications, renewals, supplements, refundings, replacements or refinancings of those agreements; that the amendments, restatements, modifications, renewals, supplements, refundings, replacements or refinancings are not materially more restrictive, taken as a whole, with respect to such dividend and other payment restrictions than those contained in those agreements on the Closing Date (as determined in good faith by Borrower).
provided
 
 
111
 
 
        .  With respect to Borrower or any Subsidiary, issue any Equity Interest (including by way of sales of treasury stock) or any options or warrants to purchase, or securities convertible into, any Equity Interest, except (i) for stock splits, stock dividends and additional issuances of Equity Interests which do not decrease the percentage ownership of Borrower or any Subsidiaries in any class of the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary, (ii) Subsidiaries of Borrower formed or acquired after the Closing Date in accordance with Section 6.14 may issue Equity Interests to Borrower or the Wholly Owned Subsidiary of Borrower which is to own such Equity Interests, and (iii) Borrower may issue common stock that is Qualified Capital Stock to Holdings.  All Equity Interests issued in accordance with this Section 6.13(b) shall, to the extent required by Sections 5.11 and 5.12 or any Security Document, be delivered to the Collateral Agent for pledge pursuant to the applicable Security Document.
Section 6.13.        Limitation on Issuance of Capital Stock
 
        .  With respect to Borrower and its Subsidiaries, engage (directly or indirectly) in any businesses other than those businesses in which Borrower and its Subsidiaries are engaged on the Closing Date as described in the Confidential Information Memorandum (or which are substantially related thereto or are reasonable extensions thereof).
Section 6.14.        Business
 
        .  Make or permit, any material change in accounting policies or reporting practices, without the consent of the Required Lenders, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, except changes that are required by GAAP (subject in each case to the provisions of Section 1.04).
Section 6.15.        Limitation on Accounting Changes
 
        .  Change its fiscal year-end (a 52- or 53- week fiscal year) to a date other than the last Wednesday in September of each calendar year or change its fiscal quarter ends to dates other than the last Wednesday of the applicable fiscal quarter (the first, third, and fourth fiscal quarters contain 12 weeks (or 13 weeks in the fourth fiscal quarter in a 53-week fiscal year) and the second fiscal quarter contains 16 weeks), except that in the event Holdings changes its fiscal year and fiscal quarter ends to calendar year and calendar quarter ends, the Companies shall be permitted to change their fiscal year and fiscal quarter ends to more closely align such fiscal year and fiscal quarter ends to those of Holdings.
Section 6.16.        Fiscal Periods
 
        .  Enter into any agreement, instrument, deed or lease which prohibits or limits the ability of any Company to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its properties or assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or which requires the grant of any security for an obligation if security is granted for another obligation, except the following: (a) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; (b) covenants in documents creating Liens permitted by Section 6.02 prohibiting further Liens (other than Liens permitted under Section 6.02(n)) on the properties encumbered thereby; (c) any prohibition or limitation that (i) exists pursuant to applicable Legal Requirements, or (ii) consists of customary restrictions and conditions contained in any agreement relating to the sale of any property pending the consummation of such sale; that (1) such restrictions apply only to the property to be sold and such sale is permitted hereunder, and (2) such sale is permitted hereunder, or (iii) restricts subletting or assignment of any lease governing a leasehold interest of Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries; (d) prohibitions and limitations contained in any agreement to which a Subsidiary is a party that was in effect at the time such Subsidiary became a Subsidiary of a Borrower, so long as such agreement was not entered into in anticipation or contemplation of such person becoming a Subsidiary and such prohibitions and limitations only relate to such Subsidiary; (e) customary non-assignment provisions in customer contracts and licenses of (or any other grants of rights to use) Intellectual Property, in each case entered into in the ordinary course of business; and (f) is imposed by any amendments that are otherwise permitted by the Loan Documents of the contracts, instruments or obligations referred to in this Section 6.17; that such amendments are no more restrictive with respect to the prohibitions and limitations in such contracts, instruments or obligations as in effect prior to any such amendment.
Section 6.17.        No Further Negative Pledge
provided
provided
 
 
112
 
 
        .  (a) Directly or indirectly, (i) knowingly conduct any business or engage in making or receiving any contribution of funds, goods or services to or for the benefit of any person described in Section 3.21, (ii) knowingly deal in, or otherwise engage in any transaction relating to, any property or interests in property blocked pursuant to the Executive Order or any other Anti-Terrorism Law, or (iii) knowingly engage in or conspire to engage in any transaction that evades or avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempts to violate, any of the prohibitions set forth in any Anti-Terrorism Law (and the Companies shall deliver to the Lenders any certification or other evidence requested from time to time by any Lender in its reasonable discretion, confirming the Companies compliance with this Section 6.18).
Section 6.18.        Anti-Terrorism Law; Anti-Money Laundering
 
        (b)        Cause or permit any of the funds of such Company that are used to repay the Credit Extensions to be derived from any unlawful activity with the result that the making of the Credit Extensions would be in violation of Legal Requirements.
 
        .  Cause or permit (a) any of the funds or properties of the Companies that are used to repay the Loans or other Credit Extensions to constitute property of, or be beneficially owned directly or indirectly by, any person subject to sanctions or trade restrictions under United States law ( or ) that is identified on (1) the List of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons maintained by OFAC and/or on any other similar list maintained by OFAC pursuant to any authorizing statute including the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C.  1701 et seq., The Trading with the Enemy Act, 50 U.S.C. App. 1 et seq., and any Executive Order or regulation promulgated thereunder, with the result that the investment in the Companies (whether directly or indirectly) is prohibited by applicable Legal Requirements, or the Loans or other Credit Extensions made by the Lenders and the Issuing Bank would be in violation of Legal Requirements, or (2) the Executive Order, any related enabling legislation or any other similar executive orders, or (b) any Embargoed Person to have any direct or indirect interest, of any nature whatsoever in the Companies, with the result that the investment in the Companies (whether directly or indirectly) is prohibited by applicable Legal Requirements or the Credit Extensions are in violation of applicable Legal Requirements.
Section 6.19.        Embargoed Person
Embargoed Person
Embargoed Persons
 
  Within 120 days of the Closing Date, the Borrower shall hedge its interest rate risk on $65,000,000 of the principal amount of the Term Loans (the ) through the use of one or more interest rate Hedging Agreements with counter-parties reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent to effectively limit the amount of interest that the Borrower must pay on the Notional Amount to not more than a rate reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and such Hedging Agreements shall be outstanding for a period of not less than two years.
        Section 6.20.        Interest Rate Protection.
Notional Amount
 
 
113
 
 
 
        .  The Subsidiary Guarantors hereby, jointly and severally, guarantee, as primary obligors and not as sureties, to each Secured Party and their respective successors and assigns, the prompt payment and performance in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, declaration, demand, by acceleration or otherwise) of the principal of and interest (including any interest, fees, costs or charges that would accrue but for the provisions of the Title 11 of the United States Code after any bankruptcy or insolvency petition under Title 11 of the United States Code) on the Loans made by the Lenders to, and the Notes held by each Lender of, Borrower, and all other Secured Obligations from time to time owing to the Secured Parties by any Loan Party in each case strictly in accordance with the terms thereof (such obligations being herein collectively called the ).  The Subsidiary Guarantors hereby jointly and severally agree that if Borrower or other Subsidiary Guarantor(s) shall fail to pay in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) any of the Guaranteed Obligations, the Subsidiary Guarantors will promptly pay the same in cash, without any demand or notice whatsoever, and that in the case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, the same will be promptly paid in full when due (whether at extended maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) in accordance with the terms of such extension or renewal.
Section 7.01.        The Guarantee
Guaranteed Obligations
 
        .  The obligations of the Subsidiary Guarantors under Section 7.01 shall constitute a guaranty of payment and performance and not of collection and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, are absolute, irrevocable and unconditional, joint and several, irrespective of the value, genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of the Guaranteed Obligations under this Agreement, the Notes, if any, or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein, or any substitution, release or exchange of any other guarantee of or security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations, and, irrespective of any other circumstance whatsoever that might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a surety or Subsidiary Guarantor (except for payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations).  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is agreed that the occurrence of any one or more of the following shall not alter or impair the liability of the Subsidiary Guarantors hereunder which shall remain absolute, irrevocable and unconditional under any and all circumstances as described above:
Section 7.02.        Obligations Unconditional
 
        (a)        at any time or from time to time, without notice to the Subsidiary Guarantors, the time for any performance of or compliance with any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be extended, or such performance or compliance shall be waived;
 
 
114
 
 
        (b)        any of the acts mentioned in any of the provisions of this Agreement or the Notes, if any, or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein shall be done or omitted;
 
        (c)        the maturity of any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be accelerated, or any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be amended in any respect, or any right under the Loan Documents or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein shall be amended or waived in any respect or any other guarantee of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any security therefor shall be released or exchanged in whole or in part or otherwise dealt with;
 
        (d)        any Lien or security interest granted to, or in favor of, any Secured Party as security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall fail to be valid, perfected or to have the priority required under the Loan Documents; or
 
        (e)        the release of any other Subsidiary Guarantor pursuant to Section 7.09.
 
The Subsidiary Guarantors hereby expressly waive diligence, presentment, demand of payment, protest and all notices whatsoever, and any requirement that any Secured Party exhaust any right, power or remedy or proceed against Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor under this Agreement or the Notes, if any, or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein, or against any other person under any other guarantee of, or security for, any of the Guaranteed Obligations.  The Subsidiary Guarantors waive any and all notice of the creation, renewal, extension, waiver, termination or accrual of any of the Guaranteed Obligations and notice of or proof of reliance by any Secured Party upon this Guarantee or acceptance of this Guarantee, and the Guaranteed Obligations, and any of them, shall conclusively be deemed to have been created, contracted or incurred in reliance upon this Guarantee, and all dealings between Borrower and the Secured Parties shall likewise be conclusively presumed to have been had or consummated in reliance upon this Guarantee.  This Guarantee shall be construed as a continuing, absolute, irrevocable and unconditional guarantee of payment and performance without regard to any right of offset with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations at any time or from time to time held by the Secured Parties, and the obligations and liabilities of the Subsidiary Guarantors hereunder shall not be conditioned or contingent upon the pursuit by the Secured Parties or any other person at any time of any right or remedy against Borrower or against any other person which may be or become liable in respect of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or against any collateral security or guarantee therefor or right of offset with respect thereto.  This Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect and be binding in accordance with and to the extent of its terms upon the Subsidiary Guarantors and their respective successors and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of the Secured Parties, and their respective successors and assigns, notwithstanding that from time to time during the term of this Agreement there may be no Guaranteed Obligations outstanding.
 
        .  The obligations of the Subsidiary Guarantors under this Article VII shall be automatically reinstated if and to the extent that for any reason any payment by or on behalf of Borrower or other Loan Party in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded or must be otherwise restored by any holder of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, whether as a result of any proceedings in bankruptcy or reorganization or otherwise.
Section 7.03.        Reinstatement
 
 
115
 
 
        .  Each Subsidiary Guarantor hereby agrees that until the indefeasible payment and satisfaction in full in cash of all Guaranteed Obligations and the expiration and termination of the Commitments of the Lenders under this Agreement it shall waive any claim and shall not exercise any right or remedy, direct or indirect, arising by reason of any performance by it of its guarantee in Section 7.01, whether by subrogation or otherwise, against Borrower or any other Subsidiary Guarantor of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations.  Any Indebtedness of any Loan Party permitted pursuant to Section 6.04(f) shall be subordinated to such Loan Partys Secured Obligations in the manner set forth in the Intercompany Note evidencing such Indebtedness.
Section 7.04.        Subrogation; Subordination
 
        .  The Subsidiary Guarantors jointly and severally agree that, as between the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Lenders, the obligations of Borrower under this Agreement and other Loan Documents may be declared to be forthwith due and payable as provided in Article VIII (and shall be deemed to have become automatically due and payable in the circumstances provided in Article VIII) for purposes of Section 7.01, notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such declaration (or such obligations from becoming automatically due and payable) as against Borrower and that, in the event of such declaration (or such obligations being deemed to have become automatically due and payable), such obligations (whether or not due and payable by Borrower) shall forthwith become due and payable by the Subsidiary Guarantors for purposes of Section 7.01.
Section 7.05.        Remedies
 
        .  Each Subsidiary Guarantor hereby acknowledges that the guarantee in this Article VII constitutes an instrument for the payment of money, and consents and agrees that any Lender or Agent, at its sole option, in the event of a dispute by such Subsidiary Guarantor in the payment of any moneys due hereunder, shall have the right to bring a motion-action under New York CPLR Section 3213.
Section 7.06.        Instrument for the Payment of Money
 
        .  The guarantee in this Article VII is a continuing guarantee of payment and performance, and shall apply to all Guaranteed Obligations whenever arising.
Section 7.07.        Continuing Guarantee
 
        .  In any action or proceeding involving any state corporate limited partnership or limited liability company law, or any applicable state, federal or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other Legal Requirement affecting the rights of creditors generally, if the obligations of any Subsidiary Guarantor under Section 7.01 would otherwise be held or determined to be void, voidable, invalid or unenforceable, or subordinated to the claims of any other creditors, on account of the amount of its liability under Section 7.01, then, notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary, the amount of such liability shall, without any further action by such Subsidiary Guarantor, any Loan Party or any other person, be automatically limited and reduced to the highest amount (after giving effect to the rights of subrogation and contribution established in Sections 7.04 and 7.10, respectively) that is valid and enforceable, not void or voidable and not subordinated to the claims of other creditors as determined in such action or proceeding.
Section 7.08.        General Limitation on Guarantee Obligations
 
        .  If, in compliance with the terms and provisions of the Loan Documents, (i) all of the Equity Interests or (ii) all or substantially all of the property of any Subsidiary Guarantor are sold or otherwise transferred (a ) to a person or persons (other than any Company or any Affiliate thereof), such Transferred Guarantor shall, upon the consummation of such sale or transfer, be automatically released from its obligations under this Agreement (including under Section 10.03) and its obligations to pledge and grant any Collateral owned by it pursuant to any Security Document and, in the case of the sale of all of the Equity Interests of the Transferred Guarantor, the pledge of such Equity Interests to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Security Documents shall be released, and, so long as Borrower shall have previously provided the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent such certifications or documents the Collateral Agent and/or the Administrative Agent as shall reasonably request, the Collateral Agent shall take such actions as are necessary to effect each release described in this Section 7.09 in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Security Documents.
Section 7.09.        Release of Guarantors
Transferred Guarantor
 
 
116
 
 
        .  Each Subsidiary Guarantor hereby agrees that to the extent that a Subsidiary Guarantor shall have paid more than its proportionate share of any payment made hereunder, such Subsidiary Guarantor shall be entitled to seek and receive contribution from and against any other Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder which has not paid its proportionate share of such payment.  Each Subsidiary Guarantors right of contribution shall be subject to the terms and conditions of Section 7.04.  The provisions of this Section 7.10 shall in no respect limit the obligations and liabilities of any Subsidiary Guarantor to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender and the Lenders, and each Subsidiary Guarantor shall remain liable to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender and the Lenders for the full amount guaranteed by such Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder.
Section 7.10.        Right of Contribution
 
 
        .  Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any of the following events (each, an ):
Section 8.01.        Events of Default
Event of Default
 
        (a)        default shall be made in the payment of any principal of any Loan or any Reimbursement Obligation when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof (including a Term Loan Repayment Date) or at a date fixed for prepayment (whether voluntary or mandatory) thereof or by acceleration thereof or otherwise;
 
        (b)        default shall be made in the payment of any interest on any Credit Extension or any Fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in paragraph (a) above) due under any Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof (including an Interest Payment Date) or at a date fixed for prepayment (whether voluntary or mandatory) or by acceleration or demand thereof or otherwise, and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of three Business Days;
 
        (c)        any representation or warranty made or deemed made in or in connection with any Loan Document or the borrowings of Loans or issuances of Letters of Credit hereunder, or any representation, warranty, statement or information contained in any report, certificate, financial statement or other instrument furnished in connection with or pursuant to any Loan Document, shall prove to have been false or misleading in any material respect when so made, deemed made or furnished;
 
 
117
 
 
        (d)        default shall be made in the due observance or performance by any Company of any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Sections 5.01, 5.02, 5.03(a), 5.04(a), 5.08, 5.11 or 5.14 or in Article VI;
 
        (e)        default shall be made in the due observance or performance by any Company of any covenant, condition or agreement contained in any Loan Document (other than those specified in paragraphs (a), (b) or (d) immediately above) and such default shall continue unremedied or shall not be waived for a period of 30 days (or 10 Business Days in the case of the Fee Letter) after the occurrence thereof;
 
        (f)        any Company shall (i) fail to pay any principal or interest, regardless of amount, due in respect of any Indebtedness (other than the Obligations), when and as the same shall become due and payable beyond any applicable grace period, or (ii) fail to observe or perform any other term, covenant, condition or agreement contained in any agreement or instrument evidencing or governing any such Indebtedness beyond the period of grace, if any, provided in the instrument or agreement under which such Indebtedness was created if the effect of any failure referred to in this clause (ii) is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness or a trustee or other representative on its or their behalf (with or without the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both) to cause, such Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity or become subject to a mandatory offer to purchase by the obligor; that it shall not constitute an Event of Default pursuant to this paragraph (f) unless the aggregate amount of all such Indebtedness referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) exceeds $3,500,000 at any one time;
provided
 
        (g)        an Insolvency Proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed in a court of competent jurisdiction seeking (i) relief in respect of any Company or of a substantial part of the property of any Company, under Title 11 of the United States Code, as now constituted or hereafter amended, or any other federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar Legal Requirement, (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar official for any Company or for a substantial part of the property of any Company, or (iii) the winding-up or liquidation of any Company; and such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for 60 days or an Order approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered;
 
        (h)        any Company shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking relief under Title 11 of the United States Code, as now constituted or hereafter amended, or any other federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar Legal Requirement, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any Insolvency Proceeding or the filing of any petition described in clause (g) above, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar official for any Company or for a substantial part of the property of any Company, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (vi) become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due, (vii) wind up or liquidate, or (viii) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing;
 
 
118
 
 
        (i)        one or more Orders for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of $3,500,000 (that are not covered by insurance from an unaffiliated insurance company with an A.M. Best financial strength rating of at least A-, it being understood that even if such amounts are covered by insurance from such an insurance company, such amounts shall count against such basket if responsibility for such amounts has been denied by such insurance company or such insurance company has not been promptly notified of such amounts or such insurance company is not participating in the defense thereof with customary diligence (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent)) shall be rendered against any Company or any combination thereof and the same shall remain unpaid, undischarged, unvacated or unbonded for a period of 30 consecutive days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed, or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to levy upon properties of any Company to enforce any such Order;
 
        (j)        one or more ERISA Events shall have occurred that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in liability of any Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates in an aggregate amount exceeding $3,500,000 or the imposition of a Lien on any properties of a Company;
 
        (k)        any security interest and Lien purported to be created by any Security Document shall cease to be in full force and effect, or shall cease to give the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, the Liens, rights, powers and privileges purported to be created and granted under such Security Documents (including a valid, enforceable, perfected first priority security interest in and Lien on, all of the Collateral thereunder (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or such Security Document and except for any failure to perfect a security interest caused by the Collateral Agents gross negligence or willful misconduct)) in favor of the Collateral Agent, or shall be asserted by or on behalf of any Company not to be, a valid, enforceable, perfected, first priority (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or such Security Document) security interest in or Lien on the Collateral covered thereby; that it shall not be an Event of Default under this paragraph (k) if the Collateral Agent shall not have, or shall cease to have, a valid, enforceable and perfected first priority security interest in or Lien on any Collateral purported to be covered by the Security Documents that (i) has a Fair Market Value, individually or in the aggregate, of less than $1,000,000 and (ii) is not material to the operations or the businesses of the Companies, taken as a whole, in each case as determined by the Collateral Agent in its reasonable discretion;
provided
 
        (l)        any Loan Document or any material provisions thereof shall at any time and for any reason be declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be null and void, or a proceeding shall be commenced by or on behalf of any Loan Party or any other person, or by any Governmental Authority, seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof (exclusive of questions of interpretation of any provision thereof), or any Company (directly or indirectly) shall repudiate, revoke, terminate or rescind (or purport to do any of the foregoing) or deny any portion of its liability or obligation for the Obligations; or
 
 
119
 
 
        (m)        there shall have occurred a Change in Control; or
 
        (n)        any Company shall be prohibited or otherwise restrained from conducting the business theretofore conducted by it in any manner that has, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect by virtue of any determination, ruling, decision or Order of any court or Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction;
 
then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Borrower described in paragraph (g) or (h) above), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to Borrower, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate forthwith the Commitments; (ii) declare the Loans and Reimbursement Obligations then outstanding to be forthwith due and payable in whole or in part, whereupon the principal of the Loans and Reimbursement Obligations so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and any unpaid accrued Fees and all other liabilities of the Loan Parties accrued hereunder and under any other Loan Document, shall become forthwith due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or any other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Loan Parties, anything contained herein or in any other Loan Document or otherwise to the contrary notwithstanding; and (iii) exercise any and all of its other rights and remedies under applicable Legal Requirements, hereunder and under the other Loan Documents; and in any event with respect to the Borrower described in paragraph (g) or (h) above, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans and Reimbursement Obligations then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and any unpaid accrued Fees and all other liabilities of the Loan Parties accrued hereunder and under any other Loan Document, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or any other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Loan Parties, anything contained herein or in any other Loan Document or otherwise to the contrary notwithstanding.
 
In addition, without limiting the foregoing, in the event of a foreclosure (or other similar exercise of remedies) by Collateral Agent on any of the Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale or other disposition, the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent or any Secured Party may be the purchaser of any or all of such Collateral at any such sale or other disposition and, in addition, the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent, as agent for and representative of all of Secured Parties (but not any Lender or Lenders in its or their respective individual capacities unless Required Lenders shall otherwise agree in writing) shall be entitled, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral sold at any such sale or other disposition, to use and apply any of the Obligations as a credit on account of the purchase price for any Collateral payable by Collateral Agent at such sale.
 
 
120
 
 
 
(a) Each Lender and the Issuing Bank hereby irrevocably designates and appoints each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent as an agent of such Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  Each Lender irrevocably authorizes each Agent, in such capacity, through its agents or employees, to take such actions on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are delegated to such Agent by the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto.  The provisions of this Article IX are solely for the benefit of the Agents, the Lenders and the Issuing Bank, and no Loan Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any such provisions.
        Section 9.01.        Appointment.  
 
        (b)        Each Lender irrevocably appoints each other Lender as its agent and bailee for the purpose of perfecting Liens (whether pursuant to Section 8-301(a)(2) of the UCC or otherwise), for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in assets in which, in accordance with the UCC or any other applicable Legal Requirement a security interest can be perfected by possession or control.  Should any Lender (other than the Collateral Agent) obtain possession or control of any such Collateral, such Lender shall notify the Collateral Agent thereof, and, promptly following the Collateral Agents request therefor, shall deliver such Collateral to the Collateral Agent or otherwise deal with such Collateral in accordance with the Collateral Agents instructions.
 
  Each person serving as an Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not an Agent, and such person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for, and generally engage in any kind of business with, any Company or Affiliate thereof as if it were not an Agent hereunder and without duty to account therefor to the Lenders or the Issuing Bank.
        Section 9.02.        Agent in Its Individual Capacity.
 
No Agent shall have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth in the Loan Documents.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) no Agent shall be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) no Agent shall have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated by the Loan Documents that such Agent is required to exercise in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 10.02); that no Agent shall be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose such Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Legal Requirements, and (c) except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, no Agent shall have any duty to disclose or shall be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to any Company or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the person serving as such Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity.  No Agent shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as any Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Section 10.02).  No Agent shall be deemed to have knowledge of any Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to such Agent by Borrower, a Lender, or the Issuing Bank, and no Agent shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth in any Loan Document or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere in any Loan Document.   Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the use of the term agent in this Agreement with reference to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law.  Instead, such term is used merely as a matter of market custom and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties.  Each party to this Agreement acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent may from time to time use one or more outside service providers for the tracking of all UCC financing statements (and/or other collateral related filings and registrations from time to time) required to be filed or recorded pursuant to the Loan Documents and the notification to the Administrative Agent, of, among other things, the upcoming lapse or expiration thereof, and that each of such service providers will be deemed to be acting at the request and on behalf of Borrower and the other Loan Parties.  No Agent shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by any such service provider.
        Section 9.03.        Exculpatory Provisions.
provided
 
 
121
 
 
  Each Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent, or otherwise authenticated by a proper person.  Each Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally and believed by it to be made by a proper person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon.  In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or the Issuing Bank, each Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or the Issuing Bank unless each Agent shall have received written notice to the contrary from such Lender or the Issuing Bank prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit.  Each Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for Borrower), independent accountants and other advisors selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or advisors.
        Section 9.04.        Reliance by Agent.
 
  Each Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through, or delegate any and all such rights and powers to, any one or more sub-agents appointed by such Agent.  Each Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Affiliates.  The exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Affiliates of each Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply, without limiting the foregoing, to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Agent.
        Section 9.05.        Delegation of Duties.
 
 
122
 
 
  Each Agent may resign as such at any time upon at least 10 days prior notice to the Lenders, the Issuing Bank and Borrower.  Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with Borrower, to appoint a successor Agent from among the Lenders.  If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 10 days after the retiring Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Bank, appoint a successor Agent, which successor shall be a commercial banking institution organized under the laws of the United States (or any State thereof) or a United States branch or agency of a commercial banking institution, in each case, having combined capital and surplus of at least $500,000,000; that if such retiring Agent is unable to find a commercial banking institution that is willing to accept such appointment and which meets the qualifications set forth above, the retiring Agents resignation shall nevertheless thereupon become effective and the retiring (or retired) Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents, and the Lenders shall assume and perform all of the duties of the Agent under the Loan Documents until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Agent.
        Section 9.06.        Successor Agent.
provided
 
Upon the acceptance of its appointment as an Agent hereunder by a successor, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Agent, and the retiring (or retired) Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents.  The fees payable by Borrower to a successor Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between Borrower and such successor.  After an Agents resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article IX, Section 10.03 and Sections 10.08 to 10.10 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Affiliates in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while it was acting as Agent.
 
  Each Lender and the Issuing Bank acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender or any of their respective Affiliates and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement.   Each Lender further represents and warrants that it has reviewed the Confidential Information Memorandum and each other document made available to it on the Platform in connection with this Agreement and has acknowledged and accepted the terms and conditions applicable to the recipients thereof (including any such terms and conditions set forth, or otherwise maintained, on the Platform with respect thereto).  Each Lender and the Issuing Bank also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender or any of their respective Affiliates and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.
        Section 9.07.        Non-Reliance on Agent and Other Lenders.
 
        .  Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the syndication agents, documentation agents, co-agents, bookrunners, lead managers, arrangers, lead arrangers or co-arrangers listed on the cover page or signature pages hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, a Lender or the Issuing Bank hereunder.
Section 9.08.        No Other Duties
 
 
123
 
 
  The Lenders severally agree to indemnify each Agent in its capacity as such and each of its Related Persons (to the extent not reimbursed by Borrower or the Guarantors and without limiting the obligation of Borrower or the Subsidiary Guarantors to do so), ratably according to their respective outstanding Loans and Commitments in effect on the date on which indemnification is sought under this Section 9.09 (or, if indemnification is sought after the date upon which all Commitments shall have terminated and the Loans and Reimbursement Obligations shall have been paid in full, ratably in accordance with such outstanding Loans and Commitments as in effect immediately prior to such date), from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, fines, penalties, actions, claims, suits, litigations, investigations, inquiries or proceedings, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time (whether before or after the payment of the Loans and Reimbursement Obligations) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Agent or Related Person in any way relating to or arising out of, the Commitments, this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein, the Transactions or any of the other transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by such Agent or Related Person under or in connection with any of the foregoing (); that no Lender shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, claims, suits, litigations, investigations, inquiries or proceedings, costs, expenses or disbursements that are found by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to have directly resulted solely and directly from such Agents or Related Partys, as the case may be, gross negligence or willful misconduct.  The agreements in this Section 9.09 shall survive the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder.
        Section 9.09.        Indemnification.
in all cases, whether or not caused or arising, in whole or in part, out of the comparative, contributory or sole negligence of any agent or related person
provided
 
  No Affiliate of an Agent or a Lender that obtains the benefits of any Collateral by virtue of the provisions hereof or of any Security Document shall have any right to notice of any action or to consent to, direct or object to any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document or otherwise in respect of the Collateral (including the release or impairment of any Collateral) other than in its capacity as a Lender and, in such case, only to the extent expressly provided in the Loan Documents.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article IX to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to verify the payment of, or that other satisfactory arrangements have been made with respect to, Hedge Agreements secured by the Security Documents and treasury, depository and cash management services or automated clearinghouse transfer of funds and commercial credit card, stored value card and merchant card services secured by the Security Documents, unless the Administrative Agent has received written notice of such agreements or services, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may request.
        Section 9.10.        Secured Hedge Agreements and Bank Product Obligations.
 
        .  In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Insolvency Laws, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or LC Exposure shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated), by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise:
Section 9.11.        Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim
 
 
124
 
 
        (a)        to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, LC Obligations and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the Issuing Bank, the Collateral Agent, and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the Issuing Bank, the Collateral Agent, and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders, the Issuing Bank, the Collateral Agent, and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.05 and 10.03(a)) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and
 
        (b)        to collect and receive, or direct the Collateral Agent to collect and receive, any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;
 
and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender, the Issuing Bank and the Collateral Agent to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the Issuing Bank and the Collateral Agent, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.05 and 10.03(a).
 
Article X
 
Miscellaneous
 
  
        Section 10.01.        Notices.
 
        (a)        Notices and other communications provided for herein shall, except as provided in Section 10.01(b), be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopy, as follows:
Generally.  
 
        (i)        if to any Loan Party, to Borrower at 36 South Pennsylvania Street, Suite 500, Indianapolis, Indiana 46204, Attention: Duane E. Geiger, Telecopy No.: (317) 633-4105, email: duane.geiger@steaknshake.com, with a copy to: Olshan Frome Wolosky LLP, Park Avenue Tower, 65 East 55th street, New York, New York 10022, Attention:  Steven Wolosky, Telecopy No.: (212) 451-2222, email: swolosky@olshanlaw.com;
 
        (ii)        if to the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, Swingline Lender or Issuing Bank, to it at: Fifth Third Bank, Fifth Third Center, 38 Fountain Square Plaza, Cincinnati, Ohio 45263, Attention: Judy Huls, Telecopy No: (513) 534-0875, email: judy.huls@53.com, with a copy to: 251 North Illinois, Suite 1000, Indianapolis, Indiana 46204, Attention:  William J. Krummen, Telecopy No.: (317) 383-2320, email: william.krummen@53.com; and
 
 
125
 
 
        (iii)        if to a Lender, to it at its address (or telecopy number or email) set forth on Annex I or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender shall have become a party hereto;
 
Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the Issuing Bank hereunder may (subject to Section 10.01(b)) be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent.  Any party hereto may change its address, telecopier number or e-mail address for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto.
 
        (b)          Each Loan Party hereby agrees that it will provide to the Administrative Agent all information, documents and other materials that it is obligated to furnish to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement and any other Loan Document, including all notices, requests, financial statements, financial and other reports, certificates and other information materials, but excluding any such communication that (i) relates to a request for a new, or a conversion of an existing, Borrowing or other extension of credit (including any election of an interest rate or interest period relating thereto), (ii) relates to the payment of any principal or other amount due under this Agreement prior to the scheduled date therefor, (iii) provides notice of any Default under this Agreement or (iv) is required to be delivered to satisfy any condition precedent to the effectiveness of this Agreement and/or any borrowing or other extension of credit hereunder (all such non-excluded communications, collectively, the ), by transmitting the Communications in an electronic/soft medium in a format reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent at such e-mail address(es) provided to Borrower by the Administrative Agent from time to time or in such other form, including hard copy delivery thereof, as the Administrative Agent shall require.  In addition, each Loan Party agrees to continue to provide the Communications to the Administrative Agent in the manner specified in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or in such other form, including hard copy delivery thereof, as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably require.  Nothing in this Section 10.01 shall prejudice the right of the Agents, any Lender, the Issuing Bank or any Loan Party to give any notice or other communication pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any other manner specified in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or as any such Agent shall reasonably require.
Posting.
Communications
 
        (c)        Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to the e-mail address(es) set forth above shall be deemed received upon the senders receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (a), of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefore, that, for both clauses (i) and (ii), if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice, email or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient.
provided
 
 
126
 
 
        (d)        Each Loan Party further agrees that the Administrative Agent may make the Communications available to the other Agents, the Lenders or the Issuing Bank by posting the Communications on IntraLinks, SyndTrak or a substantially similar electronic transmission system (the ).  The Platform is provided as is and as available. The Agents do not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the Communications, or the adequacy of the Platform and expressly disclaim liability for errors or omissions in the communications.  No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by any Agent in connection with the Communications or the Platform.  Notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor.
Platform
 
(a) No failure or delay by any Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power.  The rights and remedies of each Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have.  No waiver of any provision of any Loan Document or consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by Section 10.02(b), and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether any Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time.  No notice or demand on Borrower or any other Loan Party in any case shall entitle Borrower or any other Loan Party to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances.
        Section 10.02.        Waivers; Amendment.
 
        (b)        Subject to Section 2.16(c) and Section 10.02(c), neither this Agreement nor any other Loan Document nor any provision hereof or thereof may be waived, amended, supplemented or modified except, in the case of this Agreement, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by Borrower and the Required Lenders or, in the case of any other Loan Document, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent (in the case of any Security Document) and the Loan Party or Loan Parties that are parties thereto, in each case with the written consent of the Required Lenders; that no such agreement shall:
provided
 
        (i)        increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender (it being understood that no amendment, modification, termination, waiver or consent with respect to any condition precedent, covenant or Default (or any definition used, respectively, therein) shall constitute an increase in the Commitment of any Lender for purposes of this clause (i));
 
 
127
 
 
        (ii)        reduce the principal amount or premium, if any, of any Loan or LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon (other than interest pursuant to Section 2.06(c)) , or reduce any Fees payable hereunder, or change the form or currency of payment of any Obligation, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby (it being understood that any amendment or modification to the financial definitions in this Agreement shall not constitute a reduction in the rate of interest for purposes of this clause (ii));
 
        (iii)       postpone or extend the maturity of any Loan, or any scheduled date of payment of or the installment otherwise due on the principal amount of any Term Loan under Section 2.09, or the required date of payment of any Reimbursement Obligation, or any date for the payment of any interest or fees payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment (other than a waiver of any increase in the interest rate pursuant to Section 2.06(c)), or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Letter of Credit beyond the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby;
 
        (iv)      change Section 2.14(b), (c) or (d) in a manner that would alter the order of or the pro rata sharing of payments or setoffs required thereby, without the written consent of each Lender;
 
        (v)       change the percentage set forth in the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision of any Loan Document (including this Section 10.02) specifying the number or percentage of Lenders (or Lenders of any Class) required to waive, amend or modify any rights thereunder or make any determination or grant any consent thereunder, without the written consent of each Lender (or each Lender of such Class, as the case may be);
 
        (vi)      release all or substantially all of the Subsidiary Guarantors from their respective Guarantees (except as expressly provided in Article VII), or limit their liability in respect of such Guarantees, without the written consent of each Lender;
 
        (vii)     except as expressly permitted in this Agreement or any Security Document, release all or substantially all of the Collateral from the Liens of the Security Documents or alter the relative priorities of the Secured Obligations entitled to the Liens of the Security Documents (except in connection with securing additional Secured Obligations equally and ratably with the other Secured Obligations), in each case without the written consent of each Lender;
 
        (viii)    change any provisions of any Loan Document in a manner that by its terms adversely and directly affects the rights in respect of payments due to Lenders holding Loans of any Class materially differently than those holding Loans of any other Class, without the written consent of Lenders holding a majority in interest of the outstanding Loans and unused Commitments of each directly affected Class;
 
 
128
 
 
        (ix)       change the order of application of prepayments among Term Loans and Revolving Commitments under Section 2.10(h) or change the application of prepayments of Term Loans set forth in Section 2.10(h) in each case without the written consent of each Lender in the directly affected Class, or
 
        (x)        change Section 10.04(b) in a manner which further restricts assignments thereunder without the written consent of each Lender;
 
that (1) no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be, (2) any waiver, amendment or modification of this Agreement that by its terms directly affects the rights or duties under this Agreement of the Revolving Lenders (but not the Term Loan Lenders), or the Term Loan Lenders (but not the Revolving Lenders) may be effected by an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by Borrower and the requisite percentage in interest of the affected Class of Lenders that would be required to consent thereto under this Section 10.02 if such Class of Lenders were the only Class of Lenders hereunder at the time, and (3) any waiver, amendment or modification prior to the achievement of a successful syndication of the credit facilities provided herein (as determined by the Arranger in its sole discretion) may not be effected without the written consent of the Arranger.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, any provision of this Agreement may be amended by an agreement in writing entered into by Borrower, the Required Lenders, and the Administrative Agent (and, if their rights or obligations are affected thereby, the Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender) if (x) by the terms of such agreement the Commitment of each Lender not consenting to the amendment provided for therein shall terminate upon the effectiveness of such amendment, (y) at the time such amendment becomes effective, each Lender not consenting thereto receives payment in full of the principal of, premium, if any, and interest accrued on each Loan made by it and all other amounts owing to it or accrued for its account under this Agreement, and (z) Section 2.16(b) is complied with.
provided, further,
 
        (c)        Without the consent of any other person, the applicable Loan Party or Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent and/or Collateral Agent may (in its or their respective sole discretion, or shall, to the extent required by any Loan Document) enter into any amendment or waiver of any Loan Document, or enter into any new agreement or instrument, to effect the granting, perfection, protection, expansion or enhancement of any security interest in any Collateral or additional property to become Collateral for the benefit of the Secured Parties, or as required by applicable Legal Requirements to give effect to, or protect any security interest for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in any property or assets so that the security interests therein comply with applicable Legal Requirements.
 
 
129
 
 
  (a) The Loan Parties agree, jointly and severally, to pay, promptly upon demand:
        Section 10.03.        Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver.
 
        (i)        all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Arranger, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Bank, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of Advisors for the Arranger, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Bank, in connection with the syndication of the Loans and Commitments, the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of the Loan Documents, the administration of the Credit Extensions and Commitments, the perfection and maintenance of the Liens securing the Collateral (including, without limitation, conducting Collateral audits from time to time) and any actual or proposed amendment, supplement or waiver of any of the Loan Documents (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated); that the fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall (except, in all events, in the case of any conflict of interest (as reasonably determined by either the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent)) be limited to the fees, charges and disbursements of one lead counsel to such persons, taken as a whole, together with one regulatory counsel and one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction;
provided
 
        (ii)        all documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, including the fees, charges and disbursements of Advisors for the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, in connection with any action, claim, suit, litigation, investigation, inquiry or proceeding affecting the Collateral or any part thereof, in which action, claim, suit, litigation, investigation, inquiry or proceeding the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent is made a party or participates or in which the right to use the Collateral or any part thereof is threatened, or in which it becomes necessary in the judgment of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to defend or uphold the Liens granted by the Security Documents (including any action, claim, suit, litigation, investigation, inquiry or proceeding to establish or uphold the compliance of the Collateral with any Legal Requirements); that the fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall (except, in all events, in the case of any conflict of interest (as reasonably determined by either the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent)) be limited to the fees, charges and disbursements of one lead counsel to such persons, taken as a whole, together with one regulatory counsel and one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction;
provided
 
        (iii)       all documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Arranger, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any other Agent, the Swingline Lender, the Issuing Bank or any Lender, including the fees, charges and disbursements of Advisors for any of the foregoing, incurred in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights under the Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section 10.03(a), or in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder and the collection of the Secured Obligations, including all such costs and expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of the Secured Obligations; and
 
 
130
 
 
        (iv)      all Other Taxes in respect of the Loan Documents.
 
        (b)        The Loan Parties agree, jointly and severally, to indemnify the Agents, each Lender, the Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender and each of their respective Related Persons (each such person being called an ) against, and to hold each Indemnitee harmless from, all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, fees, fines, penalties, actions, judgments, suits and related expenses, including reasonable Advisors fees, charges and disbursements (collectively, ), incurred by, imposed on or asserted against any Indemnitee, directly or indirectly, arising out of, in any way connected with, or as a result of (i) the execution, delivery, performance, administration or enforcement of the Loan Documents or any agreement or instrument contemplated thereby or the performance by the parties thereto of their respective obligations thereunder, (ii) any actual or proposed use of the proceeds of the Loans or issuance of Letters of Credit, (iii) any claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether or not any Indemnitee is a party thereto, (iv) any actual or alleged presence or Release or threatened Release of Hazardous Materials, on, at, under or from any property owned, leased or operated by any Company at any time, or any Environmental Claim or threatened Environmental Claim related in any way to any Company, (v) any past, present or future non-compliance with, or violation of, Environmental Laws or Environmental Permits applicable to any Company, or any Companys business, or any property presently or formerly owned, leased, or operated by any Company or their predecessors in interest, (vi) the environmental condition of any property owned, leased, or operated by any Company at any time, or the applicability of any Legal Requirements relating to such property, whether or not occasioned wholly or in part by any condition, accident or event caused by any act or omission of any Company, (vii) the imposition of any environmental Lien encumbering any Real Property, (viii) the consummation of the Transactions and the other transactions contemplated hereby (including the syndication of the Credit Facilities) or (ix) any actual or prospective action, claim, suit, litigation, investigation, inquiry or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by any Loan Party or otherwise, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have directly resulted solely from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee.
Indemnitee
Claims
provided
 
        (c)        The Loan Parties agree, jointly and severally, that, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and any affected Lender, which consent(s) will not be unreasonably withheld, the Loan Parties will not enter into any settlement of a Claim in respect of the subject matter of clauses (i) through (ix) of Section 10.03(b) unless such settlement includes an explicit and unconditional release from the party bringing such Claim of all Indemnitees.
 
        (d)        The provisions of this Section 10.03 shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of the expiration of the term of this Agreement, the consummation of the Transactions and the other transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, Reimbursement Obligations and any other Secured Obligations, the release of any Subsidiary Guarantor or of all or any portion of the Collateral, the expiration of the Commitments, the expiration of any Letter of Credit, the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any investigation made by or on behalf of the Agents, the Issuing Bank or any Lender.  All amounts due under this Section 10.03 shall be accompanied by reasonable documentation with respect to any reimbursement, indemnification or other amount requested.
 
 
131
 
 
        (e)        To the extent that the Loan Parties fail to pay any amount required to be paid by them to the Agents, the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender under Sections 10.03(a) or (b) in accordance with Section 10.03(g), each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Agents, the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be, such Lenders pro rata share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount (such indemnity shall be effective whether or not the related losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses are incurred or asserted by any party hereto or any third party); that the unreimbursed Claim was incurred by or asserted against any of the Agents, the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender in its capacity as such.  For purposes of this Section 10.03(e), a Lenders pro rata share shall be determined based upon its share of the sum of the total Revolving Exposure, outstanding Term Loans and unused Commitments at the time.
provided
 
        (f)        To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, no Loan Party shall assert, and each Loan Party hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, exemplary, consequential, or punitive damages (including any loss of profits, business or anticipated savings) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, any Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof.  No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with the Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.
 
        (g)        All amounts due under this Section 10.03 shall be payable not later than 10 days after demand therefor.
 
        (h)        This Section 10.03 shall not apply to any Taxes other than Other Taxes.
 
  (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of the Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), except that the Loan Parties may not assign or otherwise transfer any of their respective rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender, and each Lender, which consent may be withheld in their respective sole discretion (and any attempted assignment or transfer by any Loan Party without such consent shall be null and void).  Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, express or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of the Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), Participants to the extent expressly provided in Section 10.04(e) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the other Indemnitees) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement or any other Loan Document.
        Section 10.04.        Successors and Assigns.
 
 
132
 
 
        (b)        Any Lender shall have the right at any time to assign to one or more assignees (other than any Company or any Affiliate thereof, a natural person or a Borrower Competitor) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it); that:
provided
 
        (i)        except in the case of (A) an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, (B) any assignment made in connection with the syndication of the Commitments and Loans by the Arranger or (C) an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lenders Commitment or Loans, the amount of the Term Loan Commitment or Term Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than $1,000,000 and the amount of the Revolving Commitment or Revolving Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than $2,500,000;
 
        (ii)        each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all of the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, except that this clause (ii) shall not be construed to prohibit the assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lenders rights and obligations in respect of one Class of Commitments or Loans;
 
        (iii)       the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Acceptance, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500; that such fee shall not be payable in the case of (A) an assignment by any Lender to an Approved Fund of such Lender, (B) any assignment made in connection with the primary syndication of the Commitments and Loans by the Arranger or (C) an assignment settled through the Administrative Agent;
provided
 
        (iv)      the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire;
 
        (v)        in the case of an assignment of all or a portion of a Revolving Commitment or any Revolving Lenders obligations in respect of its LC Exposure or Swingline Exposure, the Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender must give its prior written consent to such assignment (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned);
 
        (vi)      except in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, the Administrative Agent must give its prior written consent to such assignment (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned); and
 
        (vii)     in the case of an assignment of all or a portion of a Revolving Commitment, a Loan or any Revolving Lenders obligations in respect of its LC Exposure or Swingline Exposure (except in the case of (A) an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, or (B) any assignment made in connection with the syndication of the Commitments and Loans by the Arranger), Borrower must give its prior written consent to such assignment (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned); that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within 5 Business Days after having acknowledged receipt of notice thereof.
provided
 
 
133
 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Default has occurred and is continuing any consent of Borrower otherwise required under this paragraph shall not be required.  Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to Section 10.04(d), from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Acceptance the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement ( that any liability of Borrower to such assignee under Section 2.12, 2.13 or 2.15 shall be limited to the amount, if any, that would have been payable thereunder by Borrower in the absence of such assignment, except to the extent any such amounts are attributable to a Change in Law occurring after the date of such assignment), and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all of the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.12, 2.13, 2.15 and 10.03).
provided
 
        (c)        The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as an agent of Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amount of the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the ).  The entries in the Register shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error, and Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders may treat each person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary.   The Register shall be available for inspection by Borrower, the Issuing Bank, the Collateral Agent, the Swingline Lender and any Lender (with respect to its own interest only), at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.
Register
 
        (d)        Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Acceptance executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the assignees completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in Section 10.04(b) and any written consent to such assignment required by Section 10.04(b), the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Acceptance and record the information contained therein in the Register.  No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this Section 10.04(b).  Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with the requirements of this Section 10.04 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with Section 10.04(e).
 
        (e)        Any Lender shall have the right at any time, without the consent of, or notice to Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, or the Swingline Lender or any other person to sell participations to any person (other than any Company or any Affiliate thereof or a natural person) (a ) in all or a portion of such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans owing to it); that (i) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing Bank and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement.  Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce the Loan Documents and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of the Loan Documents; that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver that (1) is described in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) of the proviso to Section 10.02(b) and (2) directly affects such Participant.  Subject to Section 10.04(f), each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.12, 2.13 and 2.15 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 10.04(b).  To the extent permitted by Legal Requirements, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.08 as though it were a Lender; that such Participant agrees in writing to be subject to Section 2.14(d) as though it were a Lender.  Each Lender shall, acting for this purpose as an agent of Borrower, maintain at one of its offices a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of its Participants, and the amount and terms of its participations; that no Lender shall be required to disclose or share the information contained in such register with Borrower or any other person, except as required by applicable Legal Requirements.
Participant
provided
provided
provided
provided
 
 
134
 
 
        (f)        A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 2.12, 2.13 or 2.15 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the prior written consent of Borrower (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned).  A Participant that would be a Foreign Lender if it were a Lender shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.15 unless Borrower is notified of the participation sold to such Participant and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of Borrower, to comply with Section 2.15(e) as though it were a Lender.
 
        (g)        Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section 10.04(g) shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.  Without limiting the foregoing, in the case of any Lender that is a fund that invests in bank loans or similar extensions of credit, such Lender may, without the consent of Borrower, the Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender, the Administrative Agent or any other person, collaterally assign or pledge all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement, including the Loans and Notes or any other instrument evidencing its rights as a Lender under this Agreement, to any holder of, trustee for, or any other representative of holders of, obligations owed or securities issued, by such fund, as security for such obligations or securities.
provided
 
 
135
 
 
        (h)        Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender (a ) may grant to a special purpose funding vehicle (an ), identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Lender to the Administrative Agent and Borrower, the option to provide to Borrower all or any part of any Loan that such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to make to such Borrower pursuant to this Agreement; that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPV to make any Loan and (ii) if an SPV elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to provide all or any part of such Loan, the Granting Lender shall be obligated to make such Loan pursuant to the terms hereof; provided further that nothing herein shall make the SPV a Lender for the purposes of this Agreement, obligate Borrower or any other Loan Party or the Administrative Agent to deal with such SPV directly, obligate Borrower or any other Loan Party in any manner to any greater extent than they were obligated to the Granting Lender, or increase costs or expenses of Borrower.  The Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to deal solely with, and obtain good discharge from, the Granting Lender and shall not be required to investigate or otherwise seek the consent or approval of any SPV, including for the approval of any amendment, waiver or other modification of any provision of any Loan Document.  The making of a Loan by an SPV hereunder shall utilize the Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Loan were made by such Granting Lender.  Each party hereto hereby agrees that no SPV shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation under this Agreement (all liability for which shall remain with the Granting Lender).  In furtherance of the foregoing, each party hereto hereby agrees (which agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement) that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding commercial paper or other senior indebtedness of any SPV, it will not institute against, or join any other person in instituting against, such SPV any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings under the laws of the United States of America or any state thereof.  In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 10.04(h), any SPV may (i) with notice to, but without the prior written consent of, Borrower and the Administrative Agent and without paying any processing fee therefor, assign all or a portion of its interests in any Loans to the Granting Lender or to any financial institutions (consented to by Borrower and the Administrative Agent) providing liquidity and/or credit support to or for the account of such SPV to support the funding or maintenance of Loans and (ii) disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety, guarantee or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPV.
Granting Lender
SPV
provided
 
        (i)        The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in any Assignment and Acceptance shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable Legal Requirement, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.
 
  All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the reports, certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Agents, the Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Obligation (other than contingent indemnification obligations not then payable) or any Letter of Credit is outstanding (or Cash Collateralized) and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated.  The provisions of Article IX and Sections 2.12 to 2.15, 10.03 and 10.08 to 10.10 shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the Transactions and the other transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the payment of the Reimbursement Obligations, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof.
        Section 10.05.        Survival of Agreement.
 
 
136
 
 
  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract.  This Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent and/or the Arranger, constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof.  Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy or other electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.
        Section 10.06.        Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness.
 
  Any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction.
        Section 10.07.        Severability.
 
  If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, the Issuing Bank and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender, the Issuing Bank or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of any Loan Party against any and all of the obligations of any Loan Party now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Documents held by such Lender or the Issuing Bank, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of such Lender or the Issuing Bank different from the branch or office holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness.  The rights of each Lender under this Section 10.08 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender may have.  Each Lender and the Issuing Bank agrees to notify Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application; that in no event shall the failure to give such notice effect the validity or enforceability of any such setoffs.
        Section 10.08.        Right of Setoff.
provided, however,
 
 
137
 
 
  (a) This Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any claims, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether sounding n contract law or tort law or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document (except, as to any other Loan Document, as expressly set forth therein) and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York without giving effect to any choice of law principles that would apply the laws of another jurisdiction.
        Section 10.09.        Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process.
 
        (b)        Each Loan Party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in New York County and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any Loan Document, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State court or, to the extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, in such federal court.  Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by applicable Legal Requirements.   Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, any other Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any Loan Party or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction.
 
        (c)        Each Loan Party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in Section 10.09(b).  Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.
 
        (d)        Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any Loan Document, in the manner provided for notices (other than telecopy or email) in Section 10.01.  Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable Legal Requirements.
 
  
        Section 10.10.        Waiver of Jury Trial.
Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable legal requirements, any right it may have to a trial by jury in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to any loan document, the transactions or the other transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (whether based on contract, tort or any other theory).  Each party hereto (a) certifies that no representative, agent or attorney of any other party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party would not, in the event of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (b) acknowledges that it and the other parties hereto have been induced to enter into this agreement by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications in this Section 10.10.
 
 
138
 
 
  Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement.
        Section 10.11.        Headings.
 
  Each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates and Approved Funds directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and other representatives, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential pursuant to the terms hereof), (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority or any quasi-regulatory authority (such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by applicable Legal Requirements or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies under the Loan Documents or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 10.12, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to Borrower and its obligations, (iii) any actual or prospective investor in an SPV or (iv) any rating agency for the purpose of obtaining a credit rating applicable to any Loan or Loan Party, (g) with the consent of Borrower or (h) to the extent such Information (i) is publicly available at the time of disclosure or becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 10.12 or (ii) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than Borrower or any Subsidiary.  In addition, the Agents, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders may disclose the existence of the Loan Documents and information about the Loan Documents to market data collectors, similar service providers to the financing community, and service providers to the Agents, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders.  For the purposes of this Section 10.12, Information shall mean all information received from Borrower relating to Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or its business that is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by Borrower.  Any person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 10.12 shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such person would accord to its own confidential information.
        Section 10.12.        Confidentiality.
 
 
139
 
 
  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively, the ), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the ) which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable Legal Requirements, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section 10.13 shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Effective Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender.
        Section 10.13.        Interest Rate Limitation.
Charges
Maximum Rate
 
  Each Lender to become a party to this Agreement (other than the Administrative Agent and any other Lender that is a signatory hereto) shall do so by delivering to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Acceptance duly executed by such Lender, Borrower (if Borrower consent to such assignment is required hereunder) and the Administrative Agent.
        Section 10.14.        Assignment and Acceptance.
 
  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, all obligations of the Loan Parties hereunder shall be absolute and unconditional irrespective of:
        Section 10.15.        Obligations Absolute.
 
        (a)        any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, arrangement, readjustment, composition, liquidation or the like of any Loan Party;
 
        (b)        any lack of validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto against any Loan Party;
 
        (c)        any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of, all or any of the Secured Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to any departure from any Loan Document or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto;
 
        (d)        any exchange, release or non-perfection or loss of priority of any Liens on any or all of the Collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to any departure from any guarantee, for all or any of the Secured Obligations;
 
        (e)        any exercise or non-exercise, or any waiver of any right, remedy, power or privilege under or in respect hereof or any Loan Document; or
 
        (f)        any other circumstances which might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, the Loan Parties.
 
  (a) Each of the Loan Parties hereby waives any and all suretyship defenses available to it as a Subsidiary Guarantor arising out of the joint and several nature of its respective duties and obligations hereunder (including any defense contained in Article VII).
        Section 10.16.        Waiver of Defenses; Absence of Fiduciary Duties.
 
 
140
 
 
        (b)        Each of the Loan Parties agrees that in connection with all aspects of the transactions contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents and any communications in connection therewith, the Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and each Lender, SPV and Agent, on the other hand, will have a business relationship that does not create, by implication or otherwise, any fiduciary duty on the part of any Lender, SPV or any Agent or any of their respective Affiliates, and no such duty will be deemed to have arisen in connection with any such transactions or communications.
 
  Each Lender hereby notifies each Loan Party that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Loan Parties, which information includes the name, address and taxpayer identification number of each Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender to identify such Loan Party in accordance with the Patriot Act.
        Section 10.17.        USA Patriot Act.
 
 
141
 

Exhibit 10.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
i
 
 
 
 
ii
 
 
 
Schedules
 
Schedule 1Perfection Steps
 
Exhibits
 
Exhibit 1Issuers Acknowledgment
Exhibit 2Securities Pledge Amendment
Exhibit 3Joinder Agreement
Exhibit 4Securities Account Control Agreement
Exhibit 5Deposit Account Control Agreement
Exhibit 6Copyright Security Agreement
Exhibit 7Patent Security Agreement
Exhibit 8Trademark Security Agreement
 
 
iii
 
 
 
This , dated as of September 25, 2012 (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the provisions hereof, this ), made by Steak n Shake Operations, Inc., an Indiana corporation (), and the Subsidiary Guarantors from time to time party hereto by execution of this Agreement or otherwise by execution of a Joinder Agreement (the ), as pledgors, assignors and debtors (Borrower, together with the Guarantors, in such capacities and together with any successors in such capacities, the and each, a ), in favor of Fifth Third Bank, in its capacity as Collateral Agent pursuant to the Credit Agreement (as hereinafter defined), as pledgee, assignee and secured party (in such capacities and together with any successors in such capacities, the ).
Security Agreement
Agreement
Borrower
Guarantors
Pledgors,
Pledgor
Collateral Agent
 
 
        A.        Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto, the Collateral Agent and the lending institutions and other entities party thereto (the ) have entered into that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of September 25, 2012 (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the ).
Lenders
Credit Agreement
 
        B.        The Guarantors have, pursuant to the Credit Agreement, unconditionally guaranteed the Secured Obligations.
 
        C.        Borrower and the Guarantors will receive substantial benefits from the execution, delivery and performance of the Secured Obligations under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents and are, therefore, willing to enter into this Agreement.
 
        D.        Each Pledgor is, or as to Pledged Collateral acquired by such Pledgor after the date hereof will be, the legal and/or beneficial owner of the Pledged Collateral pledged by it hereunder.
 
        E.        This Agreement is given by each Pledgor in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties to secure the payment and performance of all of the Secured Obligations.
 
        F.        It is a condition to the obligations of the Lenders to make the Loans under the Credit Agreement and a condition to the Issuing Bank issuing Letters of Credit under the Credit Agreement that each Pledgor execute and deliver the applicable Loan Documents, including this Agreement.
 
 
, in consideration of the foregoing premises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, each Pledgor and the Collateral Agent hereby agree as follows:
Now Therefore
 
 
 
 
 
 
        .  Unless otherwise defined herein or in the Credit Agreement, capitalized terms used herein that are defined in the UCC shall have the meanings assigned to them in the UCC.
Section 1.1.        Definitions
 
        (b)        Terms used but not otherwise defined herein that are defined in the Credit Agreement shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.
 
        (c)        The following terms shall have the following meanings:
 
shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, (i) all options, warrants, rights, agreements, additional membership, partnership or other equity interests of whatever class of any issuer of Initial Pledged Interests or any interest in any such issuer, together with all rights, privileges, authority and powers of such Pledgor relating to such interests in each such issuer or under any Organizational Document of any such issuer, and the certificates, instruments and agreements representing such membership, partnership or other interests and any and all interest of such Pledgor in the entries on the books of any financial intermediary pertaining to such membership, partnership or other equity interests from time to time acquired by such Pledgor in any manner and (ii) all membership, partnership or other equity interests, as applicable, of each limited liability company, partnership or other entity (other than a corporation) hereafter acquired or formed by such Pledgor and all options, warrants, rights, agreements, additional membership, partnership or other equity interests of whatever class of such limited liability company, partnership or other entity, together with all rights, privileges, authority and powers of such Pledgor relating to such interests or under any Organizational Document of any such issuer, and the certificates, instruments and agreements representing such membership, partnership or other equity interests and any and all interest of such Pledgor in the entries on the books of any financial intermediary pertaining to such membership, partnership or other interests, from time to time acquired by such Pledgor in any manner.
Additional Pledged Interests
 
shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, (i) all options, warrants, rights, Equity Interests, agreements, additional shares of capital stock of whatever class of any issuer of the Initial Pledged Shares or any other equity interest in any such issuer, together with all rights, privileges, authority and powers of such Pledgor relating to such interests issued by any such issuer under any Organizational Document of any such issuer, and the certificates, instruments and agreements representing such interests and any and all interest of such Pledgor in the entries on the books of any financial intermediary pertaining to such interests, from time to time acquired by such Pledgor in any manner and (ii) all the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each corporation hereafter acquired or formed by such Pledgor and all options, warrants, rights, agreements or additional shares of capital stock of whatever class of such corporation, together with all rights, privileges, authority and powers of such Pledgor relating to such shares or under any Organizational Document of such corporation, and the certificates, instruments and agreements representing such shares and any and all interest of such Pledgor in the entries on the books of any financial intermediary pertaining to such shares, from time to time acquired by such Pledgor in any manner.
Additional Pledged Shares
 
 
2
 
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Preamble hereof.
Agreement
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.4.
Bailee Letter
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Preamble.
Borrower
 
shall mean any and all property and other taxes, assessments and special assessments, levies, fees and all governmental charges imposed upon or assessed against, and all claims (including any landlords, carriers, mechanics, workmens, repairmens, laborers, materialmens, suppliers and warehousemens Liens and other charges arising by operation of law) against, all or any portion of the Pledged Collateral.
Charges
 
shall mean motor vehicles used primarily for commercial purposes.
Commercial Motor Vehicles
 
shall mean a commodity account control agreement in a form that is reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent.
Commodity Account Control Agreement
 
shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, all sale, service, performance, equipment or property lease contracts, agreements and grants and all other contracts, agreements or grants (in each case, whether written or oral, or third party or intercompany), to which such Pledgor is a party, and all assignments, amendments, restatements, supplements, extensions, renewals, replacements or modifications thereof.
Contracts
 
shall mean (i) in the case of each Deposit Account, control, as such term is defined in Section 9-104 of the UCC, and (ii) in the case of any Security Entitlement, control, as such term is defined in Section 8-106 of the UCC and (iii) in the case of any Commodity Contract, control, as such term is defined in Section 9-106 of the UCC.
Control
 
shall mean, collectively, the Deposit Account Control Agreement(s), the Securities Account Control Agreement(s) and the Commodity Account Control Agreement(s).
Control Agreements
 
shall mean an agreement substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit 6.
Copyright Security Agreement
 
shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, all works of authorship (whether protected by statutory or common law copyright, whether established or registered in the United States or any other country or any political subdivision thereof, whether registered or unregistered and whether published or unpublished) and all copyright registrations and applications made by such Pledgor, in each case, whether now owned or hereafter created or acquired by such Pledgor, including the copyrights, registrations and applications listed on Schedule 14(c) to the Perfection Certificate, together with any and all (i) rights and privileges arising under applicable Legal Requirements with respect to such Pledgors use of such copyrights, (ii) renewals and extensions thereof, (iii) income, fees, royalties, damages, claims and payments now or hereafter due and/or payable with respect thereto, including damages and payments for past, present or future infringements thereof, (iv) rights corresponding thereto throughout the world and (v) rights to sue for past, present or future infringements thereof.
Copyrights
 
 
3
 
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Recital A hereof.
Credit Agreement
 
shall mean an agreement substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit 5 or such other form that is reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent.
Deposit Account Control Agreement
 
shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, (i) all deposit accounts as such term is defined in the UCC and all accounts and sub-accounts relating to any of the foregoing accounts and (ii) all cash, funds, checks, notes and instruments from time to time on deposit in any of the accounts or sub-accounts described in clause (i) of this definition.
Deposit Accounts
 
shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, all dividends, cash, options, warrants, rights, instruments, distributions, returns of capital or principal, income, interest, profits and other property, interests (debt or equity) or proceeds, including as a result of a split, revision, reclassification or other like change of the Pledged Securities, from time to time received, receivable or otherwise distributed to such Pledgor in respect of or in exchange for any or all of the Pledged Securities or Intercompany Notes.
Distributions
 
shall mean (i) Payroll Accounts, (ii) escrow accounts, and (iii) trust accounts, in each case entered into in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices, where the applicable Pledgor holds the funds exclusively for the benefit of an unaffiliated third party.
Excluded Accounts
 
shall mean (A) any lease, license, contract, property rights or agreement to which any Pledgor is a party or any of its rights or interests thereunder if and for so long as the grant of such security interest shall constitute or result in (i) the abandonment, invalidation or unenforceability of any right, title or interest of any Pledgor therein or (ii) in a breach or termination pursuant to the terms of, or a default under, any such lease, license, contract property rights or agreement (other than to the extent that any such term would be rendered ineffective pursuant to Sections 9-406, 9-407, 9-408 or 9-409 of the UCC (or any successor provision or provisions) of any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable Legal Requirement or principles of equity), that such security interest shall attach immediately and automatically at such time as the condition causing such abandonment, invalidation or unenforceability shall be remedied and, to the extent severable, shall attach immediately to any portion of such lease, license, contract, property rights or agreement that does not result in any of the consequences specified in (i) or (ii) including any Proceeds of such lease, license, contract, property rights or agreement; and (B) to the extent applicable, Pledged Interests, Pledged Shares and Successor Interests to the extent such Pledged Interests, Pledged Securities and Successor Interests are not required to be pledged as Pledged Collateral pursuant to Section 5.10(a) or (b) of the Credit Agreement.
Excluded Property
provided, however,
 
 
4
 
 
shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, all general intangibles, as such term is defined in the UCC, of such Pledgor and, in any event, shall include (i) all of such Pledgors rights, title and interest in, to and under all insurance policies and coverages and Contracts, (ii) all know-how and warranties relating to any of the Pledged Collateral or any of the Mortgaged Property, (iii) any and all other rights, claims, choses-in-action and causes of action of such Pledgor against any other person and the benefits of any and all collateral or other security given by any other person in connection therewith (other than Commercial Tort Claims), (iv) all guarantees, endorsements and indemnifications on, or of, any of the Pledged Collateral or any of the Mortgaged Property, (v) all lists, books, records, correspondence, ledgers, printouts, files (whether in printed form or stored electronically), tapes and other papers or materials containing information relating to any of the Pledged Collateral or any of the Mortgaged Property, including all customer or tenant lists, identification of suppliers, data, plans, blueprints, specifications, designs, drawings, appraisals, recorded knowledge, surveys, studies, engineering reports, test reports, manuals, standards, processing standards, performance standards, catalogs, research data, computer and automatic machinery software and programs and the like, field repair data, accounting information pertaining to such Pledgors operations or any of the Pledged Collateral or any of the Mortgaged Property and all media in which or on which any of the information or knowledge or data or records may be recorded or stored and all computer programs used for the compilation or printout of such information, knowledge, records or data, (vi) all licenses, consents, permits, variances, certifications, authorizations and approvals, however characterized, of any Governmental Authority (or any person acting on behalf of a Governmental Authority) now or hereafter acquired or held by such Pledgor pertaining to operations now or hereafter conducted by such Pledgor or any of the Pledged Collateral or any of the Mortgaged Property including building permits, certificates of occupancy, environmental certificates, industrial permits or licenses and certificates of operation and (vii) all rights to reserves, payment intangibles, deferred payments, deposits, refunds or indemnification claims to the extent the foregoing relate to any Pledged Collateral or any Mortgaged Property and claims for tax or other refunds against any Governmental Authority relating to any Pledged Collateral or any of the Mortgaged Property.
General Intangibles
 
shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, the goodwill connected with such Pledgors business including (i) all goodwill connected with the use of and symbolized by any Intellectual Property Collateral in which such Pledgor has any interest, (ii) all know-how, trade secrets, customer and supplier lists, proprietary information, inventions, methods, plans, policies, procedures, formulae, descriptions, compositions, technical data, drawings, specifications, name plates, catalogs, confidential information and the right to limit the use or disclosure thereof by any person, pricing and cost information, business and marketing plans and proposals, consulting agreements, engineering contracts and such other assets which relate to such goodwill and (iii) all product lines of such Pledgors business.
Goodwill
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Preamble hereof.
Guarantors
 
shall mean, with respect to each Pledgor, all membership, partnership or other Equity Interests (other than in a corporation), as applicable, of each issuer described in Schedule 11 to the Perfection Certificate, together with all rights, privileges, authority and powers of such Pledgor in and to each such issuer or under any Organizational Document of each such issuer, and the certificates, instruments and agreements representing such membership, partnership or other interests and any and all interest of such Pledgor in the entries on the books of any financial intermediary pertaining to such membership, partnership or other interests.
Initial Pledged Interests
 
 
5
 
 
shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each issuer that is a corporation described in Schedule 11 to the Perfection Certificate, together with all rights, privileges, authority and powers of such Pledgor relating to such interests in each such issuer or under any Organizational Document of each such issuer, and the certificates, instruments and agreements representing such shares of capital stock and any and all interest of such Pledgor in the entries on the books of any financial intermediary pertaining to the Initial Pledged Shares.
Initial Pledged Shares
 
shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, all instruments, as such term is defined in Article 9, rather than Article 3, of the UCC, and shall include all promissory notes, drafts, bills of exchange or acceptances.
Instruments
 
shall mean, collectively, the Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights, Licenses and Goodwill.
Intellectual Property Collateral
 
shall mean, with respect to each Pledgor, the Intercompany Note and all intercompany notes hereafter acquired by such Pledgor and all certificates, instruments or agreements evidencing the Intercompany Note and such intercompany notes, and all assignments, amendments, restatements, supplements, extensions, renewals, replacements or modifications thereof to the extent permitted pursuant to the terms hereof.
Intercompany Notes
 
shall mean a security, whether certificated or uncertificated, Security Entitlement, Securities Account, Commodity Contract or Commodity Account, excluding, however, the Securities Collateral.
Investment Property
 
shall mean an agreement substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit 3.
Joinder Agreement
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Recital A hereof.
Lenders
 
shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, all license and distribution agreements with, and covenants not to sue, any other party with respect to any Patent, Trademark or Copyright or any other patent, trademark or copyright, whether such Pledgor is a licensor or licensee, distributor or distributee under any such license or distribution agreement, together with any and all (i) renewals, extensions, supplements and continuations thereof, (ii) income, fees, royalties, damages, claims and payments now and hereafter due and/or payable thereunder and with respect thereto including damages and payments for past, present or future infringements or violations thereof, (iii) rights to sue for past, present and future infringements or violations thereof and (iv) other rights to use, exploit or practice any or all of the Patents, Trademarks or Copyrights or any other patent, trademark or copyright.
Licenses
 
shall mean, with respect to any person, (i) in the case of any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and by-laws (or similar documents) of such person, (ii) in the case of any limited liability company, the certificate of formation and operating agreement (or similar documents) of such person, (iii) in the case of any limited partnership, the certificate of formation and limited partnership agreement (or similar documents) of such person, (iv) in the case of any general partnership, the partnership agreement (or similar document) of such person, (v) in any other case, the functional equivalent of the foregoing and (vi) any shareholder, voting trust or similar agreement between or among any holder of Equity Interests of such person.
Organizational Documents
 
 
6
 
 
shall mean an agreement substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit 7.
Patent Security Agreement
 
shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, all patents owned by, and all patent applications and registrations made by such Pledgor (whether established or registered or recorded in the United States or any other country or any political subdivision thereof), including those listed on Schedule 14(a) to the Perfection Certificate, together with any and all (i) rights and privileges arising under applicable Legal Requirements with respect to such Pledgors use of any patents, (ii) inventions and improvements described and charged therein, (iii) reissues, divisions, continuations and continuations in part thereof, (iv) income, fees, royalties, damages, claims and payments now or hereafter due and/or payable thereunder and with respect thereto including damages and payments for past, present or future infringements thereof, (v) rights corresponding thereto throughout the world and (vi) rights to sue for past, present or future infringements thereof.
Patents
 
shall mean any Deposit Account of a Pledgor that is used by such Pledgor solely as a payroll account for the employees of such Pledgor; that, at no time, shall the aggregate amount contained in all such accounts exceed the total amount of payroll payable to such employees by such Pledgor within the immediately succeeding 30 days.
Payroll Account
provided
 
shall mean that certain perfection certificate dated the date hereof, executed and delivered by each Pledgor party thereto in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and each other Perfection Certificate (which shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent) executed and delivered by the applicable Pledgor in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of each Joinder Agreement executed in accordance with Section 3.5, in each case, as the same may be amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time by a Perfection Certificate Supplement or otherwise in accordance with the Credit Agreement.
Perfection Certificate
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.1.
Pledged Collateral
 
shall mean, collectively, the Initial Pledged Interests and the Additional Pledged Interests.
Pledged Interests
 
shall mean, collectively, the Pledged Interests, the Pledged Shares and the Successor Interests.
Pledged Securities
 
shall mean, collectively, the Initial Pledged Shares and the Additional Pledged Shares.
Pledged Shares
 
 
7
 
 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Preamble hereof.
Pledgor
 
shall mean (i) in the case of Borrower, the Secured Obligations (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and (ii) in the case of any Pledgor, the Guaranteed Obligations (as defined in the Credit Agreement).
Secured Obligations
 
shall mean, collectively:
Secured Parties
 
        (a)        with respect to the Obligations, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, each other Agent and the Lenders;
 
        (b)        with respect to obligations under Hedging Agreements, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, each other Agent, the Lenders and each counterparty to a Hedging Agreement relating to the Loans if (i) at the date of entering into such Hedging Agreement such counterparty was an Agent, a Lender or an Affiliate of an Agent or Lender, and (ii) such counterparty executes and delivers to the Administrative Agent a letter agreement in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent pursuant to which such counterparty (x) appoints the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent as its agents under the applicable Loan Documents and (y) agrees to be bound by the provisions of Sections 9.03, 10.03 and 10.09 of the Credit Agreement as if it were a Lender; and
 
        (c)        with respect to overdrafts and related liabilities arising from treasury, depositary and cash management services or in connection with any automated clearinghouse transfer of funds, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, each other Agent, each Lender, and each Affiliate of an Agent or Lender that, in each case, provides treasury, depositary and/or cash management services to a Loan Party; that such Affiliate executes and delivers to the Administrative Agent a letter agreement in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent pursuant to which such Affiliate (x) appoints the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent as its agents under the applicable Loan Documents and (y) agrees to be bound by the provisions of Sections 9.03, 10.03 and 10.09 of the Credit Agreement as if it were a Lender.
provided
 
shall mean an agreement substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit 4 or such other form that is reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent.
Securities Account Control Agreement
 
shall mean, collectively, the Pledged Securities, the Intercompany Notes and the Distributions.
Securities Collateral
 
shall mean an agreement substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit 2.
Securities Pledge Amendment
 
shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, all shares of each class of the capital stock of the successor corporation or interests or certificates of the successor limited liability company, partnership or other entity owned by such Pledgor (unless such successor is such Pledgor itself) formed by or resulting from any consolidation or merger in which any person listed on Schedule 1(a) to the Perfection Certificate is not the surviving entity.
Successor Interests
 
 
8
 
 
shall mean an agreement substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit 8.
Trademark Security Agreement
 
shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Pledgor, all trademarks (including service marks), slogans, logos, certification marks, trade dress, uniform resource locations (URLs), domain names, corporate names and trade names, whether registered or unregistered, owned by such Pledgor and all registrations and applications for the foregoing (whether statutory or common law and whether established or registered in the United States or any other country or any political subdivision thereof), including those listed on Schedule 14(b) to the Perfection Certificate together with any and all (i) rights and privileges arising under applicable Legal Requirements with respect to such Pledgors use of any trademarks, (ii) goodwill associated therewith, (iii) renewals thereof, (iv) income, fees, royalties, damages and payments now and hereafter due and/or payable thereunder and with respect thereto, including damages, claims and payments for past, present or future infringements thereof, (v) rights corresponding thereto throughout the world and (vi) rights to sue for past, present and future infringements thereof.
Trademarks
 
shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York; that if by reason of mandatory provisions of applicable Legal Requirements, any or all of the attachment, perfection or priority of the Collateral Agents and the other Secured Parties security interest in any item or portion of the Pledged Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code in a jurisdiction other than the State of New York, the term shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such attachment, perfection or priority and for purposes of definitions relating to such provisions.
UCC
provided, however,
UCC
 
        .  The rules of interpretation specified in the Credit Agreement (including Section 1.03 thereof) shall be applicable to this Agreement.
Section 1.2.        Interpretation
 
        .  Each Pledgor acknowledges and agrees that it was represented by counsel in connection with the execution and delivery hereof, that it and its counsel reviewed and participated in the preparation and negotiation hereof and that any rule of construction to the effect that ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party (i.e., the Collateral Agent) shall not be employed in the interpretation hereof.
Section 1.3.        Resolution of Drafting Ambiguities
 
        .  The Perfection Certificate and all descriptions of Pledged Collateral, schedules, amendments and supplements thereto are and shall at all times remain a part of this Agreement.
Section 1.4.        Perfection Certificate
 
 
9
 
 
 
        .  As collateral security for the payment and performance in full of all the Secured Obligations, each Pledgor hereby pledges and grants to the Collateral Agent for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties, a lien on and security interest in and to all of the right, title and interest of such Pledgor in, to and under the following property, wherever located, whether now existing or hereafter arising or acquired from time to time (collectively, the ):
Section 2.1.        Grant of Security Interest
Pledged Collateral
 
        (i)         all Accounts;
 
        (ii)        all Equipment (including Commercial Motor Vehicles), Goods, Inventory and Fixtures;
 
        (iii)       all Documents, Instruments and Chattel Paper;
 
        (iv)       all Letter-of-Credit Rights (whether or not the letter of credit is evidenced by a writing);
 
        (v)        all Securities Collateral;
 
        (vi)       all Investment Property;
 
        (vii)      all Intellectual Property Collateral;
 
        (viii)     the Commercial Tort Claims described on Schedule 15 to the Perfection Certificate;
 
        (ix)        all General Intangibles;
 
        (x)         all Deposit Accounts;
 
        (xi)        all Money;
 
        (xii)       all Supporting Obligations;
 
        (xiii)      all books and records pertaining to the Pledged Collateral;
 
        (xiv)     to the extent not covered by clauses (i) through (xiv) of this sentence, choses in action and all other personal property of such Pledgor, whether tangible or intangible; and
 
        (xv)      all Proceeds and products of each of the foregoing and all accessions to, substitutions and replacements for, and rents, profits and products of, each of the foregoing, and any and all Proceeds of any insurance, indemnity, warranty or guaranty payable to such Pledgor from time to time with respect to any of the foregoing.
 
 
10
 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in clauses (i) through (xvi) above, the security interest created by this Agreement shall not extend to, and the term Pledged Collateral shall not include, any Excluded Property.  In addition, (i) the Pledgors shall from time to time at the reasonable request of the Collateral Agent give written notice to the Collateral Agent identifying in reasonable detail the Excluded Property and shall provide to the Collateral Agent such other information regarding the Excluded Property as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request and (ii) from and after the Closing Date, no Pledgor shall permit to become effective in any document creating, governing or providing for any permit, lease or license, a provision that would prohibit the creation of a Lien on such permit, lease or license in favor of the Collateral Agent unless (x) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (y) such Pledgor believes, in its reasonable judgment, that such prohibition is usual and customary in transactions of such type.
 
        .  (a) Each Pledgor hereby irrevocably authorizes the Collateral Agent at any time and from time to time to file in any relevant jurisdiction any initial financing statements (including fixture filings), continuation statements and amendments thereto that contain the information required by Article 9 of the UCC of each applicable jurisdiction for the filing of any financing statement, continuation statement or amendment relating to the Pledged Collateral, including (i) whether such Pledgor is an organization, the type of organization and any organizational identification number issued to such Pledgor, and (ii) in the case of a financing statement filed as a fixture filing or covering Pledged Collateral constituting minerals or the like to be extracted or timber to be cut, a sufficient description of the real property to which such Pledged Collateral relates.  Each Pledgor agrees to provide all information described in the immediately preceding sentence to the Collateral Agent promptly upon request.  Such financing statements may describe the collateral in the same manner as described herein or may contain a description of collateral that describes such property in any other manner as the Collateral Agent may determine, in its sole discretion, is necessary, advisable or prudent to ensure the perfection or priority of the security interest in the collateral granted to the Collateral Agent in connection herewith, including, describing such property as all assets whether now owned or hereafter acquired or all personal property whether now owned or hereafter acquired (regardless of whether any particular asset comprised in the Pledged Collateral falls within the scope of Article 9 of the UCC).
Section 2.2.        Filings
 
        (b)        Each Pledgor hereby ratifies its authorization for the Collateral Agent to file in any relevant jurisdiction any initial financing statements or amendments thereto relating to the Pledged Collateral if filed prior to the date hereof.
 
        (c)        Each Pledgor hereby further authorizes the Collateral Agent to file filings with the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office (or any successor office or any similar office in any other country), including this Agreement, the Copyright Security Agreement, the Patent Security Agreement and the Trademark Security Agreement, or other documents for the purpose of perfecting, confirming, continuing, enforcing or protecting the pledge and security interest granted by such Pledgor hereunder, without the signature of such Pledgor, and naming such Pledgor, as debtor, and the Collateral Agent, as secured party.
 
 
11
 
 
 
 
        .  Each Pledgor represents and warrants that all certificates, agreements or instruments representing or evidencing the Securities Collateral in existence on the date hereof have been delivered to the Collateral Agent in suitable form for transfer by delivery or accompanied by duly executed instruments of transfer or assignment in blank and that the Collateral Agent has a valid, enforceable, perfected first priority security interest therein (subject to Permitted Collateral Liens).  Each Pledgor hereby agrees that all certificates, agreements or instruments representing or evidencing Securities Collateral acquired by such Pledgor after the date hereof shall promptly (and in any event within five Business Days) upon receipt thereof by such Pledgor be delivered to and held by or on behalf of the Collateral Agent pursuant hereto.  All certificated Securities Collateral shall be in suitable form for transfer by delivery or shall be accompanied by duly executed instruments of transfer or assignment in blank, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent.  The Collateral Agent shall have the right, at any time upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, to endorse, assign or otherwise transfer to or to register in the name of the Collateral Agent or any of its nominees or endorse for negotiation any or all of the Securities Collateral, without any indication that such Securities Collateral is subject to the security interest hereunder.  In addition, the Collateral Agent shall have the right at any time in its reasonable discretion to exchange certificates representing or evidencing Securities Collateral for certificates of smaller or larger denominations.
Section 3.1.        Delivery of Certificated Securities Collateral
 
        .  Each Pledgor represents and warrants that the Collateral Agent has a valid, enforceable, perfected first priority security interest (subject to Permitted Collateral Liens) in all uncertificated Pledged Securities pledged by it hereunder that are in existence on the date hereof.  Each Pledgor hereby agrees that if any issuer of Pledged Securities is organized in a jurisdiction that does not require the use of certificates to evidence equity ownership or any of the Pledged Securities are at any time not evidenced by certificates of ownership, then each applicable Pledgor shall, (i) if necessary to perfect a first priority security interest (subject to Permitted Collateral Liens) in such Pledged Securities, cause such pledge to be recorded on the equityholder register or the books of the issuer, cause the issuer to execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent an acknowledgment of the pledge of such Pledged Securities substantially in the form of Exhibit 1 annexed hereto, execute any customary pledge forms or other documents necessary or appropriate to complete the pledge and give the Collateral Agent the right to transfer such Pledged Securities under the terms hereof and, upon the Collateral Agents reasonable request, provide to the Collateral Agent an opinion of counsel, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, confirming such pledge and perfection thereof and (ii) to the extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, cause such Pledged Securities to become certificated and delivered to the Collateral Agent in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.1.
Section 3.2.        Perfection of Uncertificated Securities Collateral
 
        .  Each Pledgor represents and warrants that the only filings, registrations and recordings necessary to perfect the security interest granted by each Pledgor to the Collateral Agent in respect of the Pledged Collateral (to the extent that a security interest therein may be perfected by filing a financing statement or filing the Security Agreement or a short form thereof with the United States Copyright Office or the United States Patent and Trademark Office) are listed on Schedule 1 hereto.  All such filings, registrations and recordings have been delivered to the Collateral Agent in completed and, to the extent necessary or appropriate, duly executed form for filing in each applicable governmental, municipal or other office specified in Schedule 1 hereto.  Each Pledgor agrees that at the sole cost and expense of the Pledgors, (i) such Pledgor will maintain the security interest created by this Agreement in the Pledged Collateral as a valid, enforceable, perfected first priority security interest (subject to Permitted Collateral Liens) and shall defend such security interest against the claims and demands of all persons, (ii) such Pledgor shall furnish to the Collateral Agent from time to time statements and schedules further identifying and describing the Pledged Collateral and such other reports in connection with the Pledged Collateral as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request, all in reasonable detail and (iii) at any time and from time to time, upon the written request of the Collateral Agent, such Pledgor shall promptly and duly execute and deliver, and file and have recorded, such further instruments and documents and take such further action as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request for the purpose of obtaining or preserving the full benefits of this Agreement and the rights and powers herein granted, including (x) the filing of any financing statements and amendments thereof, continuation statements and other documents (including this Agreement) under the UCC (or other similar laws) in effect in any jurisdiction with respect to the security interest created hereby and (y) the execution and delivery of Control Agreements, all in form reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and in such offices (including the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United States Copyright Office) wherever required by applicable Legal Requirements to perfect (to the extent a security interest in such Pledged Collateral may be so perfected under applicable Legal Requirements), continue and maintain a valid, enforceable, first priority security interest (subject to Permitted Collateral Liens) in the Pledged Collateral as provided herein and to preserve the other rights and interests granted to the Collateral Agent hereunder, as against third parties, with respect to the Pledged Collateral.
Section 3.3.        Financing Statements and Other Filings; Maintenance of Perfected Security Interest
 
 
12
 
 
        .  In order to further ensure the attachment, perfection and priority of, and the ability of the Collateral Agent to enforce, the Collateral Agents security interest in the Pledged Collateral, each Pledgor represents and warrants and covenants as follows, in each case at such Pledgors own expense, to take the following actions with respect to the following Pledged Collateral:
Section 3.4.        Other Actions
 
        (a)          As of the date hereof, each Pledgor hereby represents and warrants that (i) no amounts individually or in the aggregate in excess of $250,000 payable under or in connection with any of the Pledged Collateral are evidenced by any Instrument or Tangible Chattel Paper other than the Intercompany Note and the Instruments and Tangible Chattel Paper listed on Schedule 12 to the Perfection Certificate, (ii) the Intercompany Note has been properly assigned and delivered to the Collateral Agent, accompanied by an endorsement to the Intercompany Note in the form attached thereto duly executed in blank by each Pledgor and (iii) each such Instrument and each such item of Tangible Chattel Paper individually or in the aggregate in excess of $250,000 has been properly endorsed, assigned and delivered to the Collateral Agent, accompanied by instruments of transfer or assignment duly executed in blank.  If any amount, individually or in the aggregate, in excess of $250,000 then payable under or in connection with any of the Pledged Collateral shall be evidenced by any Instrument or Tangible Chattel Paper, the Pledgor acquiring such Instrument or Tangible Chattel Paper shall promptly (and in any event within five Business Days) endorse, assign and deliver the same to the Collateral Agent, accompanied by such instruments of transfer or assignment duly executed in blank as the Collateral Agent may from time to time reasonably request; that so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, upon written request by such Pledgor, the Collateral Agent shall promptly (and in any event within five Business Days) return such Instrument (other than the Intercompany Note) or Tangible Chattel Paper to such Pledgor from time to time, to the extent necessary for collection in the ordinary course of such Pledgors business.
Instruments and Tangible Chattel Paper.
provided, however,
 
 
13
 
 
        (b)          Each Pledgor hereby represents and warrants that (i) as of the date hereof, each Pledgor has neither opened nor maintains any Deposit Accounts in which the Pledgors maintain an average daily balance in excess of $100,000, individually or in the aggregate, other than the accounts listed on Schedule 16 to the Perfection Certificate, (ii) as of the date hereof, each applicable Pledgor and the relevant Bank(s) have executed and delivered a Deposit Account Control Agreement with respect to each of the Deposit Accounts (other than Excluded Accounts) listed on Schedule 16 to the Perfection Certificate or the Pledgors have closed such accounts, and (iii) the Collateral Agent has a valid, enforceable, perfected first priority security interest (subject to Permitted Collateral Liens) in such Deposit Accounts by Control.  No Pledgor shall hereafter establish and maintain any Deposit Account (other than any Excluded Account) in which the Pledgors customarily maintain in excess of $100,000, individually or in the aggregate, unless (1) the applicable Pledgor shall have given the Collateral Agent five Business Days prior written notice of its intention to establish such new Deposit Account with a Bank, (2) such Bank shall be reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent and (3) such Bank and such Pledgor shall have duly executed and delivered to the Collateral Agent a Deposit Account Control Agreement (or an amendment to an existing Deposit Account Control Agreement) with respect to such Deposit Account.  The Collateral Agent shall not give any instructions directing the disposition of funds from time to time credited to any Deposit Account or withhold any withdrawal rights from such Pledgor with respect to funds from time to time credited to any Deposit Account unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or, after giving effect to any withdrawal, would occur.  The provisions of this Section 3.4(b) shall not apply to any Excluded Accounts or to any other Deposit Accounts for which the Collateral Agent is the Bank.  No Pledgor has granted or shall grant Control of any Deposit Account (including any Excluded Account) to any person other than the Collateral Agent.
Deposit Accounts.
 
 
14
 
 
        (c)          (i) Each Pledgor hereby represents and warrants that (1) as of the date hereof, it has neither opened nor maintains any Securities Accounts or Commodity Accounts in which the amount and/or fair market value, individually or in the aggregate, of the financial assets and/or commodity contracts, as the case may be, held from time to time in all such accounts does not exceed $100,000, other than those listed on Schedule 16 to the Perfection Certificate, (2) as of the date hereof, each applicable Pledgor and the relevant Securities Intermediary or Commodity Intermediary have executed and delivered a Securities Account Control Agreement or Commodity Account Control Agreement, as applicable, for each Securities Account or Commodity Account listed on Schedule 16 to the Perfection Certificate, or the Pledgors have closed such accounts, (3) the Collateral Agent has a valid, enforceable, perfected first priority security interest (other than Permitted Collateral Liens) in such Securities Accounts and Commodity Accounts by Control, and (4) it does not hold, own or have any interest in any certificated securities or uncertificated securities other than those constituting Pledged Securities and those maintained in Securities Accounts or Commodity Accounts listed on Schedule 16 to the Perfection Certificate or in respect of which the Collateral Agent has Control.  If any Pledgor shall at any time hold or acquire any certificated securities constituting Investment Property and having a fair market value, individually or in the aggregate, in excess of $100,000, such Pledgor shall promptly (and in any event within five Business Days of acquiring such security) (a) endorse, assign and deliver the same to the Collateral Agent, accompanied by such instruments of transfer or assignment duly executed in blank, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent or (b) deliver such securities into a Securities Account (other than an Excluded Account) with respect to which a Control Agreement is in effect in favor of the Collateral Agent.  If any securities now or hereafter acquired by any Pledgor constituting Investment Property and having a fair market value, individually or in the aggregate, in excess of $100,000 are uncertificated and are issued to such Pledgor or its nominee directly by the issuer thereof, such Pledgor shall promptly (and in any event within five Business Days of acquiring such security) notify the Collateral Agent thereof and pursuant to an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, either (a) cause the issuer to agree to comply with Entitlement Orders or other instructions from the Collateral Agent as to such securities, without further consent of any Pledgor or such nominee, (b) cause a Security Entitlement with respect to such uncertificated security to be held in a Securities Account (other than an Excluded Account) with respect to which the Collateral Agent has Control or (c) arrange for the Collateral Agent to become the registered owner of the securities.  The Pledgors shall not hereafter establish and maintain any Securities Account or Commodity Account with any Securities Intermediary or Commodity Intermediary unless (1) the applicable Pledgor shall have given the Collateral Agent 30 days prior written notice of its intention to establish such new Securities Account or Commodity Account with such Securities Intermediary or Commodity Intermediary, (2) such Securities Intermediary or Commodity Intermediary shall be reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent and (3) except in the case of an Excluded Account, such Securities Intermediary or Commodity Intermediary, as the case may be, and such Pledgor shall have duly executed and delivered a Control Agreement with respect to such Securities Account or Commodity Account, as the case may be.  The Collateral Agent shall not give any Entitlement Orders or instructions or directions to any issuer of uncertificated securities, Securities Intermediary or Commodity Intermediary, and shall not withhold its consent to the exercise of any withdrawal or dealing rights by such Pledgor, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or, after giving effect to any such investment and withdrawal rights, would occur.  The provisions of this Section 3.4(c) shall not apply to any Financial Assets credited to a Securities Account for which the Collateral Agent is the Securities Intermediary.  No Pledgor shall grant Control over any Investment Property (including any Excluded Account) to any person other than the Collateral Agent.
Securities Accounts and Commodity Accounts.
 
 
15
 
 
        (ii)        As between the Collateral Agent and the Pledgors, the Pledgors shall bear the investment risk with respect to the Investment Property and Pledged Securities, and the risk of loss of, damage to, or the destruction of the Investment Property and Pledged Securities, whether in the possession of, or maintained as a security entitlement or deposit by, or subject to the control of, the Collateral Agent, a Securities Intermediary, Commodity Intermediary, any Pledgor or any other person; that nothing contained in this Section 3.4(c) shall release or relieve any Securities Intermediary or Commodity Intermediary of its duties and obligations to the Pledgors or any other person under any Control Agreement or under applicable Legal Requirements.  Each Pledgor shall promptly pay all Charges and fees of whatever kind or nature with respect to the Investment Property and Pledged Securities pledged by it under this Agreement.  In the event any Pledgor shall fail to make such payment contemplated in the immediately preceding sentence, the Collateral Agent may do so for the account of such Pledgor and the Pledgors shall promptly reimburse and indemnify the Collateral Agent from all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Collateral Agent under this Section 3.4(c) in accordance with Section 10.03 of the Credit Agreement.
provided, however,
 
        (d)          If any amount, individually or in the aggregate, in excess of $100,000 or payable under or in connection with any of the Pledged Collateral is evidenced by any Electronic Chattel Paper or any transferable record (as that term is defined in Section 201 of the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, or in Section 16 of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act as in effect in any relevant jurisdiction), the Pledgor acquiring such Electronic Chattel Paper or transferable record shall promptly (and in any event within 10 days of the acquisition thereof) notify the Collateral Agent thereof and shall take such action as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request to vest in the Collateral Agent control under UCC Section 9-105 of such Electronic Chattel Paper or control under Section 201 of the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act or, as the case may be, Section 16 of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, as so in effect in such jurisdiction, of such transferable record.  The Collateral Agent agrees with such Pledgor that the Collateral Agent will arrange, pursuant to procedures reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and so long as such procedures will not result in the Collateral Agents loss of control, for the Pledgor to make alterations to the Electronic Chattel Paper or transferable record permitted under UCC Section 9-105 or, as the case may be, Section 201 of the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act or Section 16 of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act for a party in control to allow without loss of control, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would occur after taking into account any action by such Pledgor with respect to such Electronic Chattel Paper or transferable record.
Electronic Chattel Paper and Transferable Records.
 
        (e)          If any Pledgor is at any time a beneficiary under a Letter of Credit now or hereafter issued in favor of such Pledgor, other than (i) a Letter of Credit issued pursuant to the Credit Agreement or (ii) a Letter of Credit that is a supporting obligation (as defined in Section 9102 of the UCC) with respect to other Pledged Collateral,  in which the Collateral Agent has a valid, enforceable, perfected first priority security interest (subject to Permitted Collateral Liens) in an amount individually or in the aggregate in excess of $250,000, such Pledgor shall promptly (and in any event within five Business Days of becoming a beneficiary thereunder) notify the Collateral Agent thereof and such Pledgor shall, at the reasonable request of the Collateral Agent, pursuant to an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, either (i) arrange for the issuer and any confirmer or other nominated person of such Letter of Credit to consent to an assignment to the Collateral Agent of the proceeds of any drawing under the Letter of Credit or (ii) arrange for the Collateral Agent to become the transferee beneficiary of such Letter of Credit, with the Collateral Agent agreeing, in each case, that the proceeds of any drawing under the Letter of Credit are to be applied as provided in the Credit Agreement.
Letter-of-Credit Rights.
 
 
16
 
 
        (f)          As of the date hereof, each Pledgor hereby represents and warrants that it holds no Commercial Tort Claims having a value reasonably believed by the Pledgors to be, individually or in the aggregate, in excess of $250,000, other than those (if any) listed on Schedule 15 to the Perfection Certificate.  If any Pledgor shall at any time hold or acquire a Commercial Tort Claim having a value reasonably believed by the Pledgors to be, individually or in the aggregate, in excess of $250,000, such Pledgor shall promptly (and in any event within five Business Days of acquiring such Commercial Tort Claim) notify the Collateral Agent in writing signed by such Pledgor of the brief details thereof and grant to the Collateral Agent in such writing a security interest therein and in the Proceeds thereof, all upon the terms of this Agreement, with such writing to be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent.
Commercial Tort Claims.
 
        (g)          If any Equipment or Inventory (other than Equipment or Inventory leased to a franchisee in the ordinary course of business) with a fair market value individually or in the aggregate in excess of $100,000 is in possession or control of any third party, including any warehouseman, landlord, lessor, bailee or agent, the Pledgors shall notify the Collateral Agent thereof and notify the third party of the Collateral Agents security interest therein and obtain an acknowledgment (a ) from such third party that (i) it is holding the Equipment and Inventory for the benefit of the Collateral Agent and (ii) such party will comply with instructions from the Collateral Agent with respect to such Pledged Collateral, without further consent of any Pledgors.
Pledged Collateral in the Possession of a Third Party.
Bailee Letter
 
        .  The Pledgors shall cause each Subsidiary of Borrower that, from time to time, after the date hereof shall be required to pledge any assets to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties pursuant to the Credit Agreement, (a) to execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent (i) a Joinder Agreement within 30 days after the date on which it was acquired or created and (ii) a Perfection Certificate within 30 days after the date on which it was acquired or created and/or (b) in the case of a Subsidiary organized outside of the United States required to pledge any assets to the Collateral Agent, execute and deliver such documentation as the Collateral Agent shall reasonably request and, in each case, upon such execution and delivery, such Subsidiary shall constitute a Guarantor and a Pledgor for all purposes hereunder with the same force and effect as if originally named as a Guarantor and Pledgor herein.  The execution and delivery of such Joinder Agreement shall not require the consent of any Pledgor hereunder.  The rights and obligations of each Pledgor hereunder shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding the addition of any new Guarantor and Pledgor as a party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document.
Section 3.5.        Joinder of Additional Guarantors
 
 
17
 
 
        .  Each Pledgor shall take such further actions, and execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent such additional assignments, agreements, supplements, powers and instruments, as the Collateral Agent may in its reasonable judgment deem necessary, wherever required by applicable Legal Requirements, in order to perfect, preserve and protect the security interest in the Pledged Collateral as provided herein and the rights and interests granted to the Collateral Agent hereunder, to carry into effect the purposes hereof or better to assure and confirm unto the Collateral Agent the Pledged Collateral or permit the Collateral Agent to exercise and enforce its rights, powers and remedies hereunder with respect to any Pledged Collateral.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Pledgor shall make, execute, endorse, acknowledge, file or refile and/or deliver to the Collateral Agent from time to time upon reasonable request such lists, descriptions and designations of the Pledged Collateral, copies of warehouse receipts, receipts in the nature of warehouse receipts, bills of lading, documents of title, vouchers, invoices, schedules, confirmatory assignments, supplements, additional security agreements, conveyances, financing statements, transfer endorsements, powers of attorney, certificates, reports and other assurances or instruments as the Collateral Agent shall reasonably request.  If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Collateral Agent may institute and maintain, in its own name or in the name of any Pledgor, such suits and proceedings as the Collateral Agent may be advised by counsel shall be necessary or expedient to prevent any impairment of the security interest in the Pledged Collateral or the perfection or priority thereof.  All of the foregoing shall be at the sole cost and expense of the Pledgors.
Section 3.6.        Supplements; Further Assurances
 
 
Each Pledgor represents, warrants and covenants as follows:
 
        .  Except for the security interest granted to the Collateral Agent for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties pursuant to this Agreement and Permitted Collateral Liens, such Pledgor owns (or either owns or has a License to, in the case of Intellectual Property) and, as to Pledged Collateral acquired by it from time to time after the date hereof, will either own or hold a License to the rights in each item of Pledged Collateral pledged by it hereunder free and clear of any and all Liens or claims of others (except Permitted Collateral Liens).  Such Pledgor has not filed, nor authorized any third party to file a financing statement or other public notice with respect to all or any part of the Pledged Collateral on file or of record in any public office, except such as have been filed in favor of the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement or as are permitted by the Credit Agreement or otherwise relate to Permitted Collateral Liens or financing statements or public notices relating to the termination statements listed on Schedule 9(a) to the Perfection Certificate.  No person other than any Pledgor or the Collateral Agent has, or will have, control or possession of all or any part of the Pledged Collateral, except as expressly permitted by the Loan Documents.
Section 4.1.        Title
 
 
18
 
 
        .  The security interest in and Lien on the Pledged Collateral granted to the Collateral Agent for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties hereunder constitutes (a) a legal and valid security interest in all the Pledged Collateral securing the payment and performance of the Secured Obligations, and (b) subject to the filings and other actions described in Schedule 1 hereto, a valid, enforceable, and except to the extent otherwise expressly permitted under Article III, perfected first priority security interest (other than Permitted Collateral Liens) in all the Pledged Collateral.  The security interest and Lien granted to the Collateral Agent for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties pursuant to this Agreement in and on the Pledged Collateral will at all times constitute a valid, enforceable, and except to the extent otherwise expressly permitted under Article III, perfected, continuing first priority security interest therein, subject only to Permitted Collateral Liens.
Section 4.2.        Validity of Security Interest
 
        .  Each Pledgor shall, at its own cost and expense, use commercially reasonable efforts to defend title to the Pledged Collateral pledged by it hereunder and the security interest therein granted to the Collateral Agent and the priority thereof (subject to Permitted Collateral Liens) required hereunder against all claims and demands of all persons, at its own cost and expense, at any time claiming any interest therein adverse to the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party.  There is no agreement that restricts the transferability of any material portion of the Pledged Collateral or otherwise materially impairs or conflicts with any Pledgors obligations or the rights of the Collateral Agent hereunder, and the Pledgors shall not enter into any agreement or take any other action that would restrict the transferability of any material portion of the Pledged Collateral or otherwise materially impair or conflict with any Pledgors obligations or the rights of the Collateral Agent hereunder.
Section 4.3.        Defense of Claims;  Transferability of Pledged Collateral
 
        .  No Pledgor has filed, nor authorized any third party to file (nor will there be) any valid or effective financing statement (or similar statement or instrument of registration under the law of any jurisdiction) covering or purporting to cover any interest of any kind in the Pledged Collateral other than financing statements and other statements and instruments relating to Permitted Collateral Liens.  So long as any of the Secured Obligations remain unpaid and unperformed, no Pledgor shall execute, authorize or permit to be filed in any public office any financing statement (or similar statement or instrument of registration under the law of any jurisdiction) relating to any Pledged Collateral, except financing statements and other statements and instruments filed or to be filed in respect of and covering the security interests granted by such Pledgor to the holder(s) of Permitted Collateral Liens.
Section 4.4.        Other Financing Statements
 
          Such Pledgor shall, (i) unless it shall have given the Collateral Agent not less than 30 days prior written notice (in the form of an Officers Certificate), not change its name, identity, legal structure (whether by merger, consolidation, change in corporate form or otherwise), type of organization or jurisdiction of organization or organizational identification number if it has one and (ii) take all actions necessary or advisable to maintain the continuous validity, perfection and the same or better priority (subject to Permitted Collateral Liens) of the Collateral Agents security interest in the Pledged Collateral granted or intended to be granted hereunder, which in the case of any merger or other change in organizational structure shall include delivering a written notice (in the form of an Officers Certificate) upon completion of such merger or other change in organizational structure confirming the grant of the security interest under this Agreement.  Unless it shall have given the Collateral Agent prior written notice (in the form of an Officers Certificate), such Pledgor shall not change its chief executive office, place of business or its mailing address.  If such Pledgor does not have an organizational identification number and later obtains one, such Pledgor shall forthwith notify the Collateral Agent of such organizational identification number.  The Collateral Agent may rely on opinions of counsel as to whether any or all UCC financing statements of the Pledgors need to be amended as a result of any of the changes described in this Section 4.5.  The Collateral Agent shall not be liable or responsible to any party for any failure to maintain a valid, enforceable, perfected security interest with the priority required hereunder in such Pledgors property constituting Pledged Collateral.  The Collateral Agent shall have no duty to inquire about such changes, the parties acknowledging and agreeing that it would not be feasible or practical for the Collateral Agent to search for information on such changes if such information is not provided by any Pledgor.
Section 4.5.        Chief Executive Office; Change of Name; Jurisdiction of Organization, etc.
 
 
19
 
 
        .  As of the date hereof, all Equipment and Inventory of such Pledgor, individually or in the aggregate with a fair market value in excess of $250,000, is located at the chief executive office or such other location listed on Schedule 2(a), 2(b), 2(c) or 2(d) to the Perfection Certificate.  Such Pledgor shall not move any Equipment or Inventory, with a fair market value individually or in the aggregate in excess of $250,000, to any location other than (x) the chief executive office, (y) any other location listed on Schedule 2(a), 2(b), 2(c) or 2(d) to the Perfection Certificate, until (i) it shall have given the Collateral Agent not less than 20 days prior written notice (in the form of an Officers Certificate) of its intention so to do, clearly describing such new location within the continental United States and providing such other information in connection therewith as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request and (ii) with respect to such new location, such Pledgor shall have taken all action reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent to maintain the perfection and priority (subject to Permitted Collateral Liens) of the security interest of the Collateral Agent in the Pledged Collateral intended to be granted hereby, including, to the extent required under Section 3.4(g), obtaining waivers of landlords or warehousemens and/or bailees liens with respect to such new location, if applicable, and if reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent.  Such Pledgor agrees to provide the Collateral Agent with prompt notice following the movement of any Equipment or Inventory, individually or in the aggregate with a fair market value in excess of $250,000, to any location other than one that is listed in Schedule 2(a), 2(b), 2(c) or 2(d) to the Perfection Certificate.
Section 4.6.        Location of Inventory and Equipment
 
        .  Except as set forth in Schedules 1(a) and (b) to the Perfection Certificate, such Pledgor has not, during the past five years, been known by or used any other corporate or fictitious name or been a party to any merger or consolidation, or acquired all or substantially all of the assets of any person, or acquired any of its property or assets out of the ordinary course of business.
Section 4.7.        Corporate Names; Prior Transactions
 
        .  All of the Initial Pledged Shares have been, and to the extent any Pledged Shares are hereafter issued, such Pledged Shares will be, upon such issuance, duly authorized, validly issued and fully paid and non-assessable.  All of the Initial Pledged Interests have been fully paid for, and there is no amount or other obligation owing by any Pledgor to any issuer of the Initial Pledged Interests in exchange for or in connection with the issuance of the Initial Pledged Interests or any Pledgors status as a partner or a member of any issuer of the Initial Pledged Interests.
Section 4.8.        Due Authorization and Issuance
 
 
20
 
 
          No consent of any party (including equityholders or creditors of such Pledgor) and no consent, authorization, approval, license or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any Governmental Authority or regulatory body or other person is required for the exercise by the Collateral Agent of (i) the voting or other rights provided for in this Agreement or (ii) the remedies in respect of the Pledged Collateral pursuant to this Agreement.  In the event that the Collateral Agent desires to exercise any remedies, voting or consensual rights or attorney-in-fact powers set forth in this Agreement and determines it necessary to obtain any approvals or consents of any Governmental Authority or regulatory body or any other person therefor, then, upon the reasonable request of the Collateral Agent, each Pledgor agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to assist and aid the Collateral Agent to obtain as soon as practicable any necessary approvals or consents for the exercise of any such remedies, rights and powers.
Section 4.9.        Consents, etc.
 
        .  All information set forth herein, including the schedules annexed hereto, and all information contained in any documents, schedules and lists heretofore delivered to any Secured Party, including the Perfection Certificate and the schedules thereto, in connection with this Agreement, in each case, relating to the Pledged Collateral, is accurate and complete in all material respects.
Section 4.10.        Pledged Collateral
 
        .  In the event that the proceeds of any insurance claim are paid after the Collateral Agent has exercised its right to foreclose after an Event of Default, such Net Cash Proceeds shall be paid to the Collateral Agent to satisfy any deficiency remaining after such foreclosure.  The Collateral Agent shall retain its interest in the insurance policies and coverages required to be maintained pursuant to the Credit Agreement during any redemption period.
Section 4.11.        Insurance
 
        .  Each Pledgor may at its own expense contest the validity, amount or applicability of any Charges so long as the contest thereof shall be conducted in accordance with, and permitted pursuant to the provisions of, the Credit Agreement.  Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, (i) no contest of any such obligation may be pursued by such Pledgor if such contest would expose the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party to (A) any possible criminal liability or (B) any civil liability for failure to comply with such obligations unless such Pledgor shall have furnished, if reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent or any Lender, a bond or other security therefor reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, or such Secured Party, as the case may be, and (ii) if at any time payment or performance of any obligation contested by such Pledgor pursuant to this Section 4.12 shall become necessary to prevent the imposition of remedies because of non-payment, such Pledgor shall pay or perform the same in sufficient time to prevent the imposition of remedies in respect of such default or prospective default.
Section 4.12.        Payment of Taxes; Compliance with Legal Requirements; Contesting Liens; Charges
 
        .  Each Pledgor shall permit representatives of the Collateral Agent or any Secured Party upon reasonable notice to visit and inspect any of its assets or properties, including to conduct any environmental assessments, sampling, testing or monitoring of the Mortgaged Property (such visits and inspections to be limited to one visit and inspection coordinated by the Collateral Agent per fiscal year so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), and examine and make abstracts from any of its books and records (including insurance policies) at any reasonable time and upon reasonable notice.  Such Pledgor shall, at any and all times, within a reasonable time after written request by the Collateral Agent, furnish or cause to be furnished to the Collateral Agent, in such manner and in such detail as may be reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent, additional information with respect to the Pledged Collateral.  If a Default occurs and is continuing, the Collateral Agent shall have the right, but not the obligation, to access any Mortgaged Property to undertake any Response that the Collateral Agent in its sole but reasonable discretion deems appropriate at the sole but reasonable cost and expense of the Pledgors.
Section 4.13.        Access to Pledged Collateral, Books and Records; Other Information
 
 
21
 
 
 
        .  Each Pledgor shall, upon obtaining any Pledged Securities or intercompany notes of any person (other than Excluded Property), accept the same in trust for the benefit of the Collateral Agent and promptly (and in any event within five Business Days thereafter) deliver to the Collateral Agent a Securities Pledge Amendment, duly executed by such Pledgor, and the certificates and other documents required under Section 3.1 and Section 3.2 in respect of the additional Pledged Securities or intercompany notes that are to be pledged pursuant to this Agreement, and confirming the attachment of the Lien hereby created on and in respect of such additional Pledged Securities or intercompany notes.  Each Pledgor hereby authorizes the Collateral Agent to attach each Securities Pledge Amendment to this Agreement and agrees that all Pledged Securities or intercompany notes listed on any Securities Pledge Amendment delivered to the Collateral Agent shall for all purposes hereunder be considered Pledged Collateral.
Section 5.1.        Pledge of Additional Securities Collateral
 
          So long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing:
Section 5.2.        Voting Rights; Distributions; etc.
 
        (A)        Each Pledgor shall be entitled to exercise any and all voting and other consensual rights pertaining to the Securities Collateral or any part thereof for any purpose not inconsistent with the terms or purposes hereof, the Loan Documents or any other document evidencing the Secured Obligations; that no Pledgor shall in any event exercise such rights in any manner that is disadvantageous to any Agent or Lender in any material respect; and
provided, however,
 
        (B)        Each Pledgor shall be entitled to receive and retain, and to utilize free and clear of the Lien hereof, any and all Distributions, but only if and to the extent made in accordance with the provisions of the Credit Agreement; that any and all such Distributions consisting of rights or interests in the form of Pledged Securities or Intercompany Notes shall promptly (and in any event within five Business Days after receipt thereof) be delivered to the Collateral Agent to hold as Pledged Collateral and shall, if received by any Pledgor, be received in trust for the benefit of the Collateral Agent, be segregated from the other property or funds of such Pledgor and be forthwith delivered to the Collateral Agent as Pledged Collateral in the same form as so received (with any necessary or reasonably requested endorsement).
provided, however,
 
        (ii)        Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default:
 
        (A)        All rights of each Pledgor to exercise the voting and other consensual rights it would otherwise be entitled to exercise pursuant to Section 5.2(i)(A) shall cease, and all such rights shall thereupon become vested in the Collateral Agent, which shall thereupon have the sole right to exercise such voting and other consensual rights until the applicable Event of Default is no longer continuing, in which case the Collateral Agents rights under this Section 5.2(ii)(A) shall cease to be effective, subject to revesting in the event of a subsequent Event of Default that is continuing; and
 
        (B)        All rights of each Pledgor to receive Distributions that it would otherwise be authorized to receive and retain pursuant to Section 5.2(i)(B) without further action shall cease and all such rights shall thereupon become vested in the Collateral Agent, which shall thereupon have the sole right to receive and hold as Pledged Collateral such Distributions until the applicable Event of Default is no longer continuing, in which case the Collateral Agents rights under this Section 5.2(ii)(B) shall cease to be effective, subject to revesting in the event of a subsequent Event of Default that is continuing.
 
        (iii)        Each Pledgor shall, at its sole cost and expense, from time to time execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent appropriate instruments as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request in order to permit the Collateral Agent to exercise the voting and other rights which it may be entitled to exercise pursuant to Section 5.2(ii)(A) and to receive all Distributions which it may be entitled to receive under Section 5.2(ii)(B).
 
        (iv)        All Distributions that are received by any Pledgor contrary to the provisions of Section 5.2(ii)(B) shall be received in trust for the benefit of the Collateral Agent, shall be segregated from the other funds of such Pledgor and shall immediately be paid over to the Collateral Agent as Pledged Collateral in the same form as so received (with any necessary or reasonably requested endorsement).
 
        .  As of the date hereof, each Pledgor has delivered to the Collateral Agent true, correct, and complete copies of the Organizational Documents of such Pledgor.  As of the date hereof, the Organizational Documents of the Pledgors are in full force and effect, have not as of the date hereof been amended or modified except as disclosed in writing to the Collateral Agent, and there is no existing default by any party thereunder or any event which, with the giving of notice or passage of time or both, would constitute a default under any Organizational Documents.  No Pledgor will terminate or agree to terminate any Organizational Documents or make any amendment or modification to any Organization Documents if such termination, agreement to terminate, amendment or modification could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Section 5.3.        Organizational Documents
 
        .  As of the date hereof, such Pledgor is not in default in the payment of any portion of any mandatory capital contribution, if any, required to be made under any agreement to which such Pledgor is a party relating to the Pledged Securities pledged by it, and such Pledgor is not in violation of any other provisions of any such agreement to which such Pledgor is a party, or otherwise in default or violation thereunder.  As of the date hereof, no Securities Collateral pledged by such Pledgor is subject to any defense, offset or counterclaim, nor have any of the foregoing been asserted or alleged against such Pledgor by any person with respect thereto, and as of the date hereof, there are no certificates, instruments, documents or other writings (other than the Organizational Documents of such Pledgor and certificates, if any, delivered to the Collateral Agent) which evidence any Pledged Securities of such Pledgor.
Section 5.4.        Default
 
 
22
 
 
        .  In the case of each Pledgor that is an issuer of Securities Collateral, such Pledgor agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement relating to the Securities Collateral issued by it and will comply with such terms insofar as such terms are applicable to it.
Section 5.5.        Certain Agreements of Pledgors as Issuers and Holders of Equity Interests
 
        (i)        In the case of each Pledgor that is a partner, member or holder of any Equity Interests in a partnership, limited liability company or other entity, such Pledgor hereby consents to the extent required by the applicable Organizational Documents of such Pledgor to the pledge by each other Pledgor, pursuant to the terms hereof, of the Pledged Interests in such partnership, limited liability company or other entity and, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, to the transfer of such Pledged Interests to the Collateral Agent or its nominee and to the substitution of the Collateral Agent or its nominee as a substituted partner, member or holder of Equity Interests in such partnership, limited liability company or other entity with all the rights, powers and duties of a general partner, a limited partner, member or holder of Equity Interests, as the case may be.
 
 
        .  For the purpose of enabling the Collateral Agent, during the continuance of an Event of Default, to exercise rights and remedies under Article VIII hereof at such time as the Collateral Agent shall be lawfully entitled to exercise such rights and remedies, and for no other purpose, each Pledgor hereby grants to the Collateral Agent, to the extent licensable, exercisable solely upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, an irrevocable, non-exclusive worldwide license (exercisable without payment of royalty or other compensation to such Pledgor) to use, assign, license sublicense or otherwise dispose of the Intellectual Property Collateral now owned or hereafter acquired by such Pledgor (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any License that by its terms is prohibited from being so licensed to the extent constituting Excluded Property), wherever the same may be located.  Such license shall include access to all media in which any of the licensed items may be recorded or stored and to all computer programs used for the compilation or printout hereof.
Section 6.1.        Grant of License
 
        .  Except pursuant to material licenses and other user agreement entered into by any Pledgor in the ordinary course of business, on and as of the date hereof (i) each Pledgor owns and/or possesses the right to use, and has done nothing to authorize or enable any other person to use, any Copyright, Patent or Trademark listed on Schedules 14(a), (b) and (c) to the Perfection Certificate, and (ii) all registrations listed on Schedules 14(a), (b) and (c) to the Perfection Certificate are valid and in full force and effect.
Section 6.2.        Registration
 
 
23
 
 
        .  On and as of the date hereof, (i) there is no material violation by others of any right of such Pledgor with respect to any Copyright, Patent or Trademark listed on Schedules 14(a), (b) and (c) to the Perfection Certificate, respectively, pledged by it under the name of such Pledgor, (ii) such Pledgor is not infringing upon any Copyright, Patent or Trademark of any other person other than such infringement that, individually or in the aggregate, would not (and could not reasonably be expected to) result in a material adverse effect on the value or utility of the Intellectual Property Collateral or any portion thereof material to the use and operation of the Pledged Collateral or the Mortgaged Property and (iii) no proceedings have been instituted or are pending against such Pledgor or, to such Pledgors knowledge, threatened, and no such claim against such Pledgor has been received by such Pledgor since alleging any such violation.
Section 6.3.        No Violations or Proceedings
[September 29, 2010]
 
          On a continuing basis, each Pledgor shall, at its sole cost and expense, (i) promptly following its becoming aware thereof, notify the Collateral Agent of (A) any materially adverse determination in any proceeding in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office with respect to any material Patent, Trademark or Copyright or (B) the institution of any proceeding or any adverse determination in any federal, state or local court or administrative body regarding such Pledgors claim of ownership in or right to use any of the Intellectual Property Collateral material to the use and operation of the Pledged Collateral or any Mortgaged Property, its right to register such Intellectual Property Collateral or its right to keep and maintain such registration in full force and effect, (ii) maintain and protect the Intellectual Property Collateral material to the use and operation of the Pledged Collateral or any Mortgaged Property as presently used and operated and as contemplated by the Credit Agreement, (iii) not permit to lapse or become abandoned any Intellectual Property Collateral material to the use and operation of the Pledged Collateral or any Mortgaged Property as presently used and operated and as contemplated by the Credit Agreement, and not settle or compromise any pending or future litigation or administrative proceeding with respect to such Intellectual Property Collateral without the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent, (iv) upon such Pledgor obtaining knowledge thereof, promptly notify the Collateral Agent in writing of any event that may be reasonably expected to materially and adversely affect the value or utility of the Intellectual Property Collateral material to the use and operation of the Pledged Collateral or any Mortgaged Property, the ability of such Pledgor or the Collateral Agent to dispose of such Intellectual Property Collateral or any portion thereof or the rights and remedies of the Collateral Agent in relation thereto including a levy or written threat of levy or any legal process against such Intellectual Property Collateral owned or licensed by such Pledgor or any portion thereof, (v) not license the Intellectual Property Collateral other than licenses entered into by such Pledgor in, or incidental to, the ordinary course of business, or amend or permit the amendment of any of the licenses in a manner that materially and adversely affects the right to receive payments thereunder, or in any manner that would materially impair the value of the Intellectual Property Collateral or the Lien on and security interest in the Intellectual Property Collateral intended to be granted to the Collateral Agent for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties, without the consent of the Collateral Agent, (vi) diligently keep adequate records respecting the Intellectual Property Collateral and (vii) furnish to the Collateral Agent from time to time upon the Collateral Agents request therefor reasonably detailed statements and amended schedules further identifying and describing the Intellectual Property Collateral and such other materials evidencing or reports pertaining to the Intellectual Property Collateral as the Collateral Agent may from time to time request.
Section 6.4.        Protection of Collateral Agent's Security.
 
 
24
 
 
          If any Pledgor shall, at any time before the Secured Obligations have been paid and performed in full (other than contingent indemnification obligations that, pursuant to the provisions of the Credit Agreement or the Security Documents, survive the termination thereof), (i) obtain any rights to any additional Intellectual Property Collateral or (ii) become entitled to the benefit of any additional Intellectual Property Collateral or any renewal or extension thereof, including any reissue, division, continuation, or continuation-in-part of any Intellectual Property Collateral, or any improvement on any Intellectual Property Collateral, the provisions hereof shall automatically apply thereto and any such item enumerated in clause (i) or (ii) of this sentence with respect to such Pledgor shall automatically constitute Intellectual Property Collateral if such would have constituted Intellectual Property Collateral at the time of execution hereof and be subject to the Lien and security interest created by this Agreement without further action by any party (excluding any Intellectual Property Collateral that constitutes Excluded Property). Each Pledgor shall promptly (i) provide to the Collateral Agent written notice of any of the foregoing and (ii) confirm the attachment of the Lien and security interest created by this Agreement to any rights described in clauses (i) and (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence of this Section 6.5 by execution of an instrument in form reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent and the filing of any instruments or statements as shall be reasonably necessary or reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent to preserve, protect or perfect the Collateral Agents security interest in such Intellectual Property Collateral to the extent such security interest in such Intellectual Property Collateral may be perfected under applicable Legal Requirements.  Further, each Pledgor authorizes the Collateral Agent to modify this Agreement by amending Schedules 14(a) - (c) to the Perfection Certificate to include any Intellectual Property Collateral acquired or arising after the date hereof of such Pledgor.
Section 6.5.        After-Acquired Property.
 
        Unless there shall occur and be continuing any Event of Default, each Pledgor shall have the right to commence and prosecute in its own name, as the party in interest, for its own benefit and at the sole cost and expense of the Pledgors, such applications for protection of the Intellectual Property Collateral and suits, proceedings or other actions to prevent the infringement, counterfeiting, unfair competition, dilution, diminution in value or other damage as are necessary to protect the Intellectual Property Collateral.  Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Collateral Agent shall have the right but shall in no way be obligated to file applications for protection of the Intellectual Property Collateral and/or bring suit in the name of any Pledgor, the Collateral Agent or the Secured Parties to enforce the Intellectual Property Collateral and any license thereunder. In the event of such suit, each Pledgor shall, at the reasonable request of the Collateral Agent, do any and all lawful acts and execute any and all documents reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent in aid of such enforcement and the Pledgors shall promptly reimburse and indemnify the Collateral Agent for all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Collateral Agent in the exercise of its rights under this Section 6.6 in accordance with Section 10.03 of the Credit Agreement.  In the event that the Collateral Agent shall elect not to bring such suit to enforce the Intellectual Property Collateral, each Pledgor agrees, at the reasonable request of the Collateral Agent, to take all actions necessary, whether by suit, proceeding or other action, to prevent the infringement, counterfeiting, unfair competition, dilution, diminution in value of or other damage to any of the Intellectual Property Collateral by others and for that purpose agrees to diligently maintain any suit, proceeding or other action against any person so infringing necessary to prevent such infringement.
Section 6.6.        Litigation
.
 
 
25
 
 
          In connection with any intent-to-use trademark or service mark applications whether listed on Schedule 14(b) to the Perfection Certificate or otherwise, the Pledgors shall file a bona fide statement of use and shall take such other actions or steps as shall be required by the United States Patent and Trademark Office, to entitle such application to registration within 10 Business Days following the date of first use in commerce of the mark that is the subject of such application.  Upon acceptance of such bona fide statement of use by the United States Patent and Trademark Office, such application shall automatically become subject to the security interest granted herein.  The Pledgors shall execute any further documents and instruments as the Collateral Agent reasonably may deem necessary or appropriate to confirm, implement, or enforce the Collateral Agents security interest in such applications.  If the Pledgors fail to execute such further documents and instruments within five Business Days of presentment, the Collateral Agent may, in the name of, and on behalf of, the Pledgors, execute such documents and instruments and make appropriate disposition of same, and the Pledgors hereby irrevocably appoint the Collateral Agent as their lawful attorney-in-fact with full power to do so.  The foregoing power of attorney is coupled with an interest and such appointment shall be irrevocable for the term hereof.
Section 6.7.        Intent-to-Use Trademark and Service Mark Applications
.
 
 
 
          As of the time when each of its Accounts arises, each Pledgor shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that such Account and all records, papers and documents relating thereto (i) are genuine and correct and in all material respects what they purport to be, subject to ordinary course accounts receivable adjustments and refunds, (ii) to the Pledgors knowledge, represent the legal, valid and binding obligation of the account debtor, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability, evidencing indebtedness unpaid and owed by such account debtor, arising out of the performance of labor or services or the sale, lease, license, assignment or other disposition and delivery of the goods or other property listed therein or out of an advance or a loan, (iii) will, in the case of an Account, except for the original or duplicate original invoice sent to purchase evidencing such purchasers account, be the only original writing evidencing and embodying such obligation of the account debtor named therein and (iv) are in all material respects in compliance and conform with all applicable Legal Requirements.
Section 7.1.        Special Representation and Warranties
.
 
          Each Pledgor shall keep and maintain at its own cost and expense complete records of each Account, in a manner consistent with its customary business practice, including records of all payments received, all credits granted thereon, all merchandise returned and all other documentation relating thereto. Each Pledgor shall, at such Pledgors sole cost and expense, upon the Collateral Agents demand made at any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, deliver all tangible evidence of Accounts, including all documents evidencing Accounts and any books and records relating thereto to the Collateral Agent or to its representatives (copies of which evidence and books and records may be retained by such Pledgor). Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Collateral Agent may transfer a full and complete copy of any Pledgors books, records, credit information, reports, memoranda and all other writings relating to the Accounts to and for the use by any person that has acquired or is contemplating acquisition of an interest in the Accounts or the Collateral Agents security interest therein without the consent of any Pledgor, but subject at all times to Section 10.12 of the Credit Agreement.
Section 7.2.        Maintenance of Records
.
 
 
26
 
 
          At the reasonable request of the Collateral Agent and in form and manner reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, at any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, each Pledgor shall legend the Accounts to the extent represented or evidenced by a written instrument and the other books, records and documents of such Pledgor evidencing or pertaining to the Accounts with an appropriate reference to the fact that the Accounts have been assigned for collateral purposes to the Collateral Agent for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties and that the Collateral Agent has a security interest therein.
Section 7.3.        Legend
.
 
          No Pledgor shall rescind or cancel any obligations evidenced by any Account or modify any term thereof or make any adjustment with respect thereto except in the ordinary course of business, or extend or renew any such obligations except in the ordinary course of business or compromise or settle any dispute, claim, suit or legal proceeding relating thereto or sell any Account or interest therein except in the ordinary course of business; in each case, without the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent.  Each Pledgor shall timely fulfill all obligations on its part to be fulfilled under or in connection with the Accounts.
Section 7.4.        Modification of Terms, etc
.
 
          Each Pledgor shall cause to be collected from the account debtor of each of the Accounts, as and when due in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices (including Accounts that are delinquent, such Accounts to be collected in accordance with generally accepted commercial collection procedures), any and all amounts owing under or on account of such Account, and apply forthwith upon receipt thereof all such amounts as are so collected to the outstanding balance of such Account, except that any Pledgor may, with respect to an Account, allow in the ordinary course of business (i) accounts receivable adjustments or refunds and (ii) such extensions of time to pay amounts due in respect of Accounts and such other modifications of payment terms or settlements in respect of Accounts as shall be commercially reasonable in the circumstances, all in accordance with such Pledgors ordinary course of business consistent with its collection practices as in effect from time to time and in compliance with applicable Legal Requirements. The costs and expenses (including attorneys fees) of collection, in any case, whether incurred by any Pledgor, the Collateral Agent or any Secured Party, shall be paid by the Pledgors. Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit any Pledgor from writing off bad debt in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practices.
Section 7.5.        Collection
.
 
 
         Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Collateral Agent may from time to time exercise in respect of the Pledged Collateral, in addition to the other rights and remedies provided for herein or otherwise available to it, the following remedies:
Section 8.1.        Remedies
.
 
 
27
 
 
        (i)        Personally, or by agents or attorneys, immediately take possession of the Pledged Collateral or any part thereof, from any Pledgor or any other person who then has possession of any part thereof with or without notice or process of law, and for that purpose may enter upon any Pledgors premises where any of the Pledged Collateral is located, remove such Pledged Collateral, remain present at such premises to receive copies of all communications and remittances relating to the Pledged Collateral and use in connection with such removal and possession any and all services, supplies, aids and other facilities of any Pledgor;
 
        (ii)        Demand, sue for, collect or receive any money or property at any time payable or receivable in respect of the Pledged Collateral including instructing the obligor or obligors on any agreement, instrument or other obligation constituting part of the Pledged Collateral to make any payment required by the terms of such agreement, instrument or other obligation directly to the Collateral Agent, and in connection with any of the foregoing, compromise, settle, extend the time for payment and make other modifications with respect thereto; provided, however, that in the event that any such payments are made directly to any Pledgor, such Pledgor shall segregate all amounts received pursuant thereto in trust for the benefit of the Collateral Agent and shall promptly (but in no event later than one Business Day after receipt thereof) pay such amounts to the Collateral Agent;
 
        (iii)        Subject to Section 8.2 and Section 8.4, sell, assign, grant a license to use or otherwise liquidate, or direct any Pledgor to sell, assign, grant a license to use or otherwise liquidate, any and all investments made in whole or in part with the Pledged Collateral or any part thereof, and take possession of the proceeds of any such sale, assignment, license or liquidation;
 
        (iv)        Take possession of the Pledged Collateral or any part thereof, by directing any Pledgor in writing to deliver the same to the Collateral Agent at any place or places so designated by the Collateral Agent, in which event such Pledgor shall at its own expense:  (A) forthwith cause the same to be moved to the place or places designated by the Collateral Agent and therewith delivered to the Collateral Agent, (B) store and keep any Pledged Collateral so delivered to the Collateral Agent at such place or places pending further action by the Collateral Agent and (C) while the Pledged Collateral shall be so stored and kept, provide such security and maintenance services as shall be necessary to protect the same and to preserve and maintain them in good condition.  Each Pledgors obligation to deliver the Pledged Collateral as contemplated in this Section 8.1(iv) is of the essence hereof.  Upon application to a court of equity having jurisdiction, the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to decree requiring specific performance by any Pledgor of such obligation;
 
        (v)        Withdraw all moneys, instruments, securities and other property in any bank, financial securities, deposit or other account of any Pledgor constituting Pledged Collateral;
 
 
28
 
 
        (vi)       Retain and apply the Distributions to the Secured Obligations as provided in Article IX hereof;
 
        (vii)      Exercise any and all rights as beneficial and legal owner of the Pledged Collateral, including perfecting assignment of and exercising any and all voting, consensual and other rights and powers with respect to any Pledged Collateral; and
 
        (viii)     All the rights and remedies of a secured party on default under the UCC (whether or not the UCC applies to the affected Pledged Collateral), and the Collateral Agent may also in its sole discretion, without notice except as specified in Section 8.2, sell, assign, transfer or grant a license to use the Pledged Collateral or any part thereof in one or more parcels at public or private sale, at any exchange, brokers board or at any of the Collateral Agents offices or elsewhere, for cash, on credit or for future delivery, and at such price or prices and upon such other terms as the Collateral Agent may deem commercially reasonable.  The Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party or any of their respective Affiliates may be the purchaser, licensee, assignee or recipient of any or all of the Pledged Collateral at any such sale and shall be entitled, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Pledged Collateral sold, assigned or licensed at such sale, to use and apply any of the Secured Obligations owed to such person as a credit on account of the purchase price of any Pledged Collateral payable by such person at such sale. Each purchaser, assignee, licensee or recipient at any such sale shall acquire the property sold, assigned or licensed absolutely free from any claim or right on the part of any Pledgor, and each Pledgor hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, all rights of redemption, stay and/or appraisal that it now has or may at any time in the future have under any Legal Requirement now existing or hereafter enacted. The Collateral Agent shall not be obligated to make any sale of Pledged Collateral regardless of notice of sale having been given.  The Collateral Agent may adjourn any public or private sale from time to time by announcement at the time and place fixed therefor, and such sale may, without further notice, be made at the time and place to which it was so adjourned.  Each Pledgor hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, any claims against the Collateral Agent arising by reason of the fact that the price at which any Pledged Collateral may have been sold, assigned or licensed at such a private sale was less than the price which might have been obtained at a public sale, even if the Collateral Agent accepts the first offer received and does not offer such Pledged Collateral to more than one offeree.
 
          Each Pledgor acknowledges and agrees that, to the extent notice of sale or other disposition of Pledged Collateral shall be required by any Legal Requirement, 10 days prior notice to such Pledgor of the time and place of any public sale or of the time after which any private sale or other intended disposition is to take place shall be commercially reasonable notification of such matters unless the Pledged Collateral is perishable or threatens to decline speedily in value or is of a type customarily sold on a recognized market (in which case no such prior notice shall be required).  No notification need be given to any Pledgor if it has signed, after the occurrence of an Event of Default, a statement renouncing or modifying any right to notification of sale or other intended disposition.
Section 8.2.        Notice of Sale
.
 
 
29
 
 
          (i) Each Pledgor hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, notice of judicial hearing in connection with the Collateral Agents taking possession or the Collateral Agents disposition of any of the Pledged Collateral, including any and all prior notice and hearing for any prejudgment remedy or remedies and any such right which such Pledgor would otherwise have under any Legal Requirement, and each Pledgor hereby further waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements (i) all damages occasioned by such taking of possession,
Section 8.3.        Waiver of Notice and Claims; Other Waivers; Marshalling.
 
        (ii)        all other requirements as to the time, place and terms of sale or other requirements with respect to the enforcement of the Collateral Agents rights hereunder and (iii) all rights of redemption, appraisal, valuation, stay, extension or moratorium now or hereafter in force under any applicable Legal Requirements.  The Collateral Agent shall not be liable for any incorrect or improper payment made pursuant to this Article VIII except to the extent resulting solely from the Collateral Agents gross negligence or willful misconduct as finally judicially determined by a court of competent jurisdiction.  Any sale of, or the grant of options to purchase, or any other realization upon, any Pledged Collateral shall operate to divest all right, title, interest, claim and demand, either at law or in equity, of the applicable Pledgor therein and thereto, and shall be a perpetual bar both at law and in equity or otherwise against such Pledgor and against any and all persons claiming or attempting to claim the Pledged Collateral so sold, optioned or realized upon, or any part thereof, from, through or under such Pledgor.
 
        (ii)        To the maximum extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, each Pledgor hereby waives demand, notice, protest, notice of acceptance of this Agreement, notice of Credit Extensions, Pledged Collateral received or delivered or any other action taken in reliance hereon and all other demands and notices of any description.
 
        (iii)        The Collateral Agent shall not be required to marshal any present or future collateral security (including the Pledged Collateral) for, or other assurances of payment of, the Secured Obligations or any of them or to resort to such collateral security or other assurances of payment in any particular order. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, each Pledgor hereby agrees that it will not invoke any Legal Requirement relating to the marshalling of collateral and hereby irrevocably waives the benefits of all such Legal Requirements.
 
          To the extent that applicable Legal Requirements impose duties on the Collateral Agent to exercise remedies in a commercially reasonable manner, each Pledgor acknowledges and agrees that it is not commercially unreasonable for the Collateral Agent, in the exercise of such remedies in accordance with all other terms hereof, (i) to fail to incur expenses reasonably deemed significant by the Collateral Agent to prepare Pledged Collateral for disposition or otherwise to fail to complete raw material or work in process into finished goods or other finished products for disposition, (ii) to fail to obtain third party consents for access to Pledged Collateral to be disposed of, or to obtain or, if not required by other Legal Requirements, to fail to obtain consents for Governmental Authorities or third parties for the collection or disposition of Pledged Collateral to be collected or disposed of, (iii) to fail to exercise collection remedies against account debtors or other persons obligated on Pledged Collateral or to fail to remove liens or encumbrances on or any adverse claims against Pledged Collateral, (iv) to exercise collection remedies against account debtors and other persons obligated on Pledged Collateral directly or through the use of collection agencies and other collection specialists, subject to their compliance with applicable Legal Requirements, (v) to advertise dispositions of Pledged Collateral through publications or media of general circulation, whether or not the Pledged Collateral is of a specialized nature, (vi) to contact other persons, whether or not in the same business as any Pledgor, for expressions of interest in acquiring all or any portion of the Pledged Collateral, (vii) to hire one or more professional auctioneers to assist in the disposition of Pledged Collateral, whether or not the collateral is of a specialized nature, (viii) to dispose of Pledged Collateral by utilizing internet sites that provide for the auction of assets of the types included in the Pledged Collateral or that have the reasonable capability of doing so, or that match buyers and sellers of assets,
Section 8.4.        Standards for Exercising Rights and Remedies
.
 
 
30
 
 
        (ix)        to dispose of assets in wholesale rather than retail markets, (x) to disclaim or modify disposition warranties, (xi) to purchase insurance or credit enhancements to insure the Collateral Agent against risks of loss, collection or disposition of Pledged Collateral or to provide to the Collateral Agent a guaranteed return from the collection or disposition of Pledged Collateral, or (xii) to the extent deemed appropriate by the Collateral Agent, to obtain the services of other brokers, investment bankers, consultants and other professionals to assist the Collateral Agent in the collection or disposition of any of the Pledged Collateral. The Pledgors acknowledge that the purpose of this Section 8.4 is to provide non-exhaustive indications of what actions or omissions by the Collateral Agent would fulfill the Collateral Agents duties under the UCC or other Legal Requirements of the State or any other relevant jurisdiction in the Collateral Agents exercise of remedies against the Pledged Collateral and that other actions or omissions by the Collateral Agent shall not be deemed to fail to fulfill such duties solely on account of not being indicated in this Section 8.4. Without limiting the foregoing, nothing contained in this Section 8.4 shall be construed to grant any rights to any Pledgor or to impose any duties on the Collateral Agent that would not have been granted or imposed by this Agreement or by applicable Legal Requirements in the absence of this Section 8.4.
 
          Each Pledgor recognizes that, by reason of certain prohibitions contained in Legal Requirements, the Collateral Agent may be compelled, with respect to any sale of all or any part of the Pledged Collateral, to limit purchasers to those who meet the requirements of a Governmental Authority.  Each Pledgor acknowledges that any such sales may be at prices and on terms less favorable to the Collateral Agent than those obtainable through a public sale without such restrictions, and, notwithstanding such circumstances, agrees that any such restricted sale shall be deemed to have been made in a commercially reasonable manner and that, except as may be required by applicable Legal Requirements, the Collateral Agent shall have no obligation to engage in public sales.
Section 8.5.        Certain Sales of Pledged Collateral
.
 
        (ii)        Each Pledgor recognizes that, by reason of certain prohibitions contained in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the ), and applicable state or foreign securities laws, the Collateral Agent may be compelled, with respect to any sale or disposition of all or any part of the Securities Collateral and Investment Property, to limit purchasers to persons who will agree, among other things, to acquire such Securities Collateral or Investment Property for their own account, for investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale thereof.  Each Pledgor acknowledges that any such private sales may be at prices and on terms less favorable to the Collateral Agent than those obtainable through a public sale without such restrictions (including a public offering made pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act), and, notwithstanding such circumstances, agrees that any such private sale shall be deemed to have been made in a commercially reasonable manner and that the Collateral Agent shall have no obligation to engage in public sales and no obligation to delay the sale of any Securities Collateral or Investment Property for the period of time necessary to permit the issuer thereof to register it for a form of public sale requiring registration under the Securities Act or under applicable state or foreign securities laws, even if such issuer would agree to do so.
Securities Act
 
 
31
 
 
        (iii)        Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Pledgor shall, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, at the request of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Collateral Agent and the other Secured Parties, cause any registration, qualification under or compliance with any federal, state or foreign securities law or laws to be effected with respect to all or any part of the Securities Collateral as soon as practicable and at the sole cost and expense of the Pledgors. Each Pledgor will cause such registration to be effected (and be kept effective) and cause such qualification and compliance to be effected (and be kept effective) as may be so requested and as would permit or facilitate the sale and distribution of such Securities Collateral including registration under the Securities Act (or any similar statute then in effect), appropriate qualifications under applicable blue sky or other state or foreign securities laws and appropriate compliance with all other requirements of any Governmental Authority.  Each Pledgor shall cause the Collateral Agent to be kept advised in writing as to the progress of each such registration, qualification or compliance and as to the completion thereof, shall furnish to the Collateral Agent such number of prospectuses, offering circulars or other documents incident thereto as the Collateral Agent from time to time may request, and shall indemnify and shall cause the issuer of the Securities Collateral to indemnify the Collateral against all claims, losses, damages and liabilities caused by any untrue statement (or alleged untrue statement) of a material fact contained therein (or in any related registration statement, notification or the like) or by any omission (or alleged omission) to state therein (or in any related registration statement, notification or the like) a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.
 
        (iv)        If the Collateral Agent determines to exercise its right to sell any or all of the Securities Collateral or Investment Property, upon written request, the applicable Pledgor shall, and shall cause each issuer of Securities Collateral and Investment Property to be sold hereunder to, from time to time furnish to the Collateral Agent all such information as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request in order to determine the number and nature or interest, of securities or other instruments included in the Securities Collateral or Investment Property which may be sold by the Collateral Agent as exempt transactions under the Securities Act and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder, as the same are from time to time in effect.
 
        (v)        Each Pledgor further agrees that a breach of any of the covenants contained in this Section 8.5 will cause irreparable injury to the Collateral Agent and other Secured Parties, that the Collateral Agent and the other Secured Parties have no adequate remedy at law in respect of such breach and, as a consequence, that each and every covenant contained in this Section 8.5 shall be specifically enforceable against such Pledgor, and such Pledgor hereby waives and agrees not to assert any defenses against an action for specific performance of such covenants.
 
 
32
 
 
          No failure on the part of the Collateral Agent to exercise, no course of dealing with respect to, and no delay on the part of the Collateral Agent in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or remedy hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy; nor shall the Collateral Agent be required to look first to, enforce or exhaust any other security, collateral or guaranties.  The remedies herein provided are cumulative and are not exclusive of any remedies provided by applicable Legal Requirements, in equity or otherwise.
Section 8.6.        No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies
.
 
        (ii)        In the event that the Collateral Agent shall have instituted any proceeding to enforce any right, power or remedy under this Agreement by foreclosure, sale, entry or otherwise, and such proceeding shall have been discontinued or abandoned for any reason or shall have been determined adversely to the Collateral Agent, then and in every such case, the Pledgors, the Collateral Agent and each other Secured Party shall be restored to their respective former positions and rights hereunder with respect to the Pledged Collateral, and all rights, remedies and powers of the Collateral Agent and the other Secured Parties shall continue as if no such proceeding had been instituted.
 
          If any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, upon the written demand of the Collateral Agent, each Pledgor shall execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent an assignment or assignments of the registered Intellectual Property Collateral or such other documents as are necessary or appropriate to carry out the intent and purposes hereof; provided, however, that if the Event of Default is no longer continuing, the Collateral Agent shall promptly execute and deliver to each Pledgor such reassignments or other documents necessary to place such Pledgors in control and ownership of such Intellectual Property Collateral.
Section 8.7.        Certain Additional Actions Regarding Intellectual Property
.
 
 
          The proceeds received by the Collateral Agent in respect of any sale of, collection from or other realization upon all or any part of the Collateral pursuant to the exercise by the Collateral Agent of its remedies shall be applied, together with any other sums then held by the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement, in accordance with the Credit Agreement.
Section 9.1.        Application of Proceeds.
 
 
          The Collateral Agent has been appointed as Collateral Agent pursuant to the Credit Agreement. The actions of the Collateral Agent hereunder are subject to the provisions of the Credit Agreement.  The Collateral Agent shall have the right hereunder to make demands, to give notices, to exercise or refrain from exercising any rights, and to take or refrain from taking action (including the release or substitution of the Pledged Collateral), in accordance with this Agreement and the Credit Agreement.  Each Secured Party, by its acceptance of the benefits hereof, agrees that it shall have no right individually to realize upon any of the Pledged Collateral hereunder, it being understood and agreed by such Secured Party that all rights and remedies hereunder may be exercised solely by the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  The Collateral Agent may employ agents and attorneys-in-fact in connection herewith and shall not be liable for the negligence or misconduct of any such agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by it in good faith.  The Collateral Agent may resign and a successor Collateral Agent may be appointed in the manner provided in the Credit Agreement.  Upon the acceptance of any appointment as the Collateral Agent by a successor Collateral Agent, that successor Collateral Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Collateral Agent under this Agreement, and the retiring Collateral Agent shall thereupon be discharged from its duties and obligations under this Agreement. After any retiring Collateral Agents resignation, the provisions hereof shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it under this Agreement while it was the Collateral Agent.
Section 10.1.        Concerning Collateral Agent
.
 
 
33
 
 
        (ii)        Except for the exercise of reasonable care in the custody of any Pledged Collateral in its possession and the accounting for moneys actually received by it hereunder, the Collateral Agent shall have no duty as to any Pledged Collateral or as to the taking of any necessary steps to preserve rights against prior parties or any other rights pertaining to any Pledged Collateral. The Collateral Agent shall be deemed to have exercised reasonable care in the custody and preservation of the Pledged Collateral in its possession if such Pledged Collateral is accorded treatment substantially equivalent to that which the Collateral Agent, in its individual capacity, accords its own property consisting of similar instruments or interests; provided that neither the Collateral Agent nor any of the other Secured Parties nor any of their respective directors, officers, employees or agents shall have responsibility for (x) ascertaining or taking action with respect to calls, conversions, exchanges, maturities, tenders or other matters relating to any Securities Collateral, whether or not the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party has or is deemed to have knowledge of such matters (y) failing to demand, collect or realize upon all or any part of the Pledged Collateral or for any delay in doing so or (z) failing to take any necessary steps to preserve rights against any person with respect to any Pledged Collateral.
 
        (iii)        The Collateral Agent shall be entitled to rely upon any written notice, statement, certificate, order or other document or any telephone message believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper person, and, with respect to all matters pertaining to this Agreement and its duties hereunder, upon advice of counsel selected by it.
 
        (iv)        If any item of Pledged Collateral also constitutes collateral granted to the Collateral Agent under any other deed of trust, mortgage, security agreement, pledge or instrument of any type, in the event of any conflict between the provisions hereof and the provisions of such other deed of trust, mortgage, security agreement, pledge or instrument of any type in respect of such collateral, the provisions hereof shall control.
 
        If any Pledgor shall fail to perform any covenants contained in this Agreement (including such Pledgors covenants to (i) pay the premiums in respect of all required insurance policies hereunder, (ii) pay Charges, (iii) make repairs, or (iv) discharge Liens or pay or perform any obligations of such Pledgor under any Pledged Collateral) or if any representation or warranty on the part of any Pledgor contained herein shall be breached, the Collateral Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) do the same or cause it to be done or remedy any such breach, and may expend funds for such purpose; provided, however, that the Collateral Agent shall in no event be bound to inquire into the validity of any tax, lien, imposition or other obligation which such Pledgor fails to pay or perform as and when required hereby and which such Pledgor does not contest in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.12 hereof.  Any and all amounts so expended by the Collateral Agent shall be paid by the Pledgors in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.03 of the Credit Agreement.  Neither the provisions of this Section 10.2 nor any action taken by the Collateral Agent pursuant to the provisions of this Section 10.2 shall prevent any such failure to observe any covenant contained in this Agreement nor any breach of representation or warranty from constituting an Event of Default.  Each Pledgor hereby appoints the Collateral Agent its attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and stead of such Pledgor and in the name of such Pledgor, or otherwise, from time to time in the Collateral Agents reasonable discretion to take any action and to execute any instrument consistent with the terms of the Credit Agreement, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents which the Collateral Agent reasonably may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes hereof. The foregoing grant of authority is a power of attorney coupled with an interest and such appointment shall be irrevocable for the term hereof.  Each Pledgor hereby ratifies all that such attorney shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
Section 10.2.        Collateral Agent May Perform; Collateral Agent Appointed Attorney-in-Fact
.
 
 
34
 
 
         This Agreement shall create a continuing security interest in the Pledged Collateral and shall (i) be binding upon the Pledgors, their respective successors and assigns and (ii) inure, together with the rights and remedies of the Collateral Agent hereunder, to the benefit of the Collateral Agent and the other Secured Parties and each of their respective successors, transferees and assigns.  No other persons (including any other creditor of any Pledgor) shall have any interest herein or any right or benefit with respect hereto (except for Permitted Collateral Liens). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing clause (ii), any Secured Party may assign or otherwise transfer any obligations held by it secured by this Agreement to any other person, and such other person shall thereupon become vested with all the benefits in respect thereof granted to such Secured Party, herein or otherwise, subject however, to the provisions of the Credit Agreement and Permitted Hedging Agreements.
Section 10.3.        Continuing Security Interest; Assignment
.
 
          This Agreement shall terminate and the Pledged Collateral shall be released from the Lien of this Agreement when the Commitments have been terminated and the principal of and interest and premium (if any) on each Loan, all Fees and all other expenses or amounts payable under any Loan Document shall have been paid in full (other than contingent indemnification obligations that, pursuant to the provisions of the Credit Agreement of the Security Documents, survive the termination thereof) and all Letters of Credit have been canceled or have expired and all amounts drawn thereunder have been reimbursed in full. Upon termination hereof, the security interests granted hereby shall terminate and all rights to the Pledged Collateral shall revert to the applicable Pledgor or to such other person as may be entitled thereto pursuant to any Order or other applicable Legal Requirement. Upon termination hereof or any release of Pledged Collateral in accordance with the provisions of the Credit Agreement, the Collateral Agent shall promptly (and in any event within 10 Business Days), upon the written request and at the sole cost and expense of the Pledgors, assign, transfer and deliver to the Pledgors, against receipt and without recourse to or warranty by the Collateral Agent except that the Collateral Agent has not assigned or otherwise transferred its security interest in the Pledged Collateral, such of the Pledged Collateral to be released (in the case of a release) as may be in possession or control of the Collateral Agent and as shall not have been sold or otherwise applied pursuant to the terms hereof, and, with respect to any other Pledged Collateral, with such endorsements or proper documents and instruments (including UCC-3 termination statements or releases) acknowledging the termination hereof or the release of such Pledged Collateral, as the case may be.
Section 10.4.        Termination; Release
.
 
 
35
 
 
          No amendment, modification, supplement, termination or waiver of or to any provision hereof, nor consent to any departure by any Pledgor therefrom, shall be effective unless the same shall be made in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement and unless in writing and signed by the Collateral Agent.  Any amendment, modification or supplement of or to any provision hereof, any waiver of any provision hereof and any consent to any departure by any Pledgor from the terms of any provision hereof shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which made or given.  Except where notice is specifically required by this Agreement, no notice to or demand on any Pledgor in any case shall entitle any Pledgor to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances.
Section 10.5.        Modification in Writing
.
 
        s  Unless otherwise provided herein or in the Credit Agreement, any notice or other communication herein required or permitted to be given shall be given in the manner and become effective as set forth in the Credit Agreement, as to any Pledgor, addressed to it at the address of Borrower set forth in the Credit Agreement and as to the Collateral Agent, addressed to it at the address set forth in the Credit Agreement, or in each case at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other party complying as to delivery with the terms of this Section 10.6.
Section 10.6.        Notice
.
 
          
Section 10.7.        Governing Law, Consent to Jurisdiction and Service of Process; Waiver of Jury Trial
.
This Agreement and any claims, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether sounding in contract law or tort law or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to any choice of law principles that would apply the laws of another jurisdiction.
 
        (b)        
Each Pledgor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in New York County and of the United States District Court of the southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any loan document, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State or, to the extent permitted by applicable legal requirements, in such Federal court.  Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by applicable legal requirements.  Nothing in this Agreement or any other loan document or otherwise shall affect any right that the Collateral Agent, any other agent, the Issuing Bank or any lender or other secured party may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other loan document against any Pledgor or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction.
 
 
36
 
 
        (c)        b
Each Pledgor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other loan document in any court referred to in Section 10.7(
).  Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable legal requirements, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.
 
        (d)        
Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any loan document, in the manner provided for notices (other than telecopy) in Section 10.6.  Nothing in this Agreement or any other loan document will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable legal requirements.
 
        (e)        ab
Each Party hereto hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable legal requirements, any right it may have to a trial by jury in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this Agreement, any other loan document, the transactions or the other transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (whether based on contract, tort or any other theory).  Each party hereto (
) certifies that no representative, agent or attorney of any other party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party would not, in the event of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (
) acknowledges that it and the other parties hereto have been induced to enter into this Agreement by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications in this Section 10.7.
 
          Any provision hereof which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction.
Section 10.8.        Severability of Provisions
.
 
          This Agreement and any amendments, waivers, consents or supplements hereto may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts together shall constitute one and the same agreement.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy or other electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.
Section 10.9.        Execution in Counterparts
.
 
 
37
 
 
          In the event any time period or any date provided in this Agreement ends or falls on a day other than a Business Day, then such time period shall be deemed to end and such date shall be deemed to fall on the next succeeding Business Day, and performance herein may be made on such Business Day, with the same force and effect as if made on such other day.
Section 10.10.        Business Days
.
 
          Each Pledgor covenants that in the event that such Pledgor or any property or assets of such Pledgor shall hereafter become the subject of a voluntary or involuntary proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code or such Pledgor shall otherwise be a party to any federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium or similar proceeding to which the provisions relating to the automatic stay under Section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code or any similar provision in any such Legal Requirement is applicable, then, in any such case, whether or not the Collateral Agent has commenced foreclosure proceedings under this Agreement, such Pledgor shall not, and each Pledgor hereby expressly waives its right to (to the extent it may lawfully do so) at any time insist upon, plead or in any whatsoever, claim or take the benefit or advantage of any such automatic stay or such similar provision as it relates to the exercise of any of the rights and remedies (including any foreclosure proceedings) available to the Collateral Agent as provided in this Agreement, in any other Security Document or any other document evidencing the Secured Obligations. Each Pledgor further covenants that it will not hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power granted herein to the Collateral Agent, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no law relating to any stay or similar provision had been enacted.
Section 10.11.        Waiver of Stay
.
 
          No Pledgor shall be entitled to any credit against the principal, premium, if any, or interest payable under the Credit Agreement, and such Pledgor shall not be entitled to any credit against any other sums which may become payable under the terms thereof or hereof, by reason of the payment of any Tax on the Pledged Collateral or any part thereof.
Section 10.12.        No Credit for Payment of Taxes or Imposition
.
 
          Nothing contained in this Agreement shall constitute any consent or request by the Collateral Agent, express or implied, for the performance of any labor or services or the furnishing of any materials or other property in respect of the Pledged Collateral or any part thereof, nor as giving any Pledgor any right, power or authority to contract for or permit the performance of any labor or services or the furnishing of any materials or other property in such fashion as would permit the making of any claim against the Collateral Agent in respect thereof or any claim that any Lien based on the performance of such labor or services or the furnishing of any such materials or other property is prior to the Lien hereof.
Section 10.13.        No Claims Against Collateral Agent
.
 
          Nothing set forth in this Agreement shall relieve any Pledgor from the performance of any term, covenant, condition or agreement on such Pledgors part to be performed or observed under or in respect of any of the Pledged Collateral or from any liability to any person under or in respect of any of the Pledged Collateral or shall impose any obligation on the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party to perform or observe any such term, covenant, condition or agreement on such Pledgors part to be so performed or observed or shall impose any liability on the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party for any act or omission on the part of such Pledgor relating thereto or for any breach of any representation or warranty on the part of such Pledgor contained in this Agreement, the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or under or in respect of the Pledged Collateral or made in connection herewith or therewith.  The obligations of each Pledgor contained in this Section 10.14 shall survive the termination hereof and the discharge of such Pledgors other obligations under this Agreement, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents (other than contingent indemnification obligations that, pursuant to the provisions of the Credit Agreement or the Security Documents, survive the termination thereof).
Section 10.14.        No Release
.
 
 
38
 
 
          Until paid, all amounts due and payable under this Agreement shall constitute Secured Obligations and shall bear interest, whether before or after judgment, at the Default Rate.  Nothing in this Section 10.15 shall affect the Default Rate or the circumstances in which the Default Rate is payable pursuant to the Credit Agreement.
Section 10.15.        Overdue Amounts
.
 
          All obligations of each Pledgor hereunder shall be absolute and unconditional irrespective of:
Section 10.16.        Obligations Absolute
.
 
        (i)         any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, arrangement, readjustment, composition, liquidation or the like of any Pledgor;
 
        (ii)        any lack of validity or enforceability of any Loan Document, or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto against any Pledgor;
 
        (iii)       any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of, all or any of the Secured Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to any departure from any Loan Document or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto;
 
        (iv)       any pledge, exchange, release or non-perfection or loss of priority of any other collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to any departure from any guarantee, for all or any of the Secured Obligations;
 
        (v)        any exercise, non-exercise or waiver of any right, remedy, power or privilege under or in respect hereof, or any Loan Document; or
 
        (vi)       any other circumstances which might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, any Pledgor.
 
 
39
 
 
, the Pledgors and the Collateral Agent have caused this Security Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by their duly authorized officers as of the date first above written.
In Witness Whereof
 
 
 
 
 
[Signature Page to Security Agreement]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The undersigned hereby (i) acknowledges receipt of a copy of that certain Security Agreement dated as of September 25, 2012 (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the ; capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Security Agreement), made by Steak n Shake Operations, Inc., an Indiana corporation (the ), the Guarantors party thereto and Fifth Third Bank, as Collateral Agent (in such capacity and together with any successors in such capacity, the ), (ii) agrees promptly to note on its books the security interests granted to the Collateral Agent and confirmed under the Security Agreement, (iii) agrees that it will comply with instructions of the Collateral Agent or its nominee with respect to the applicable Securities Collateral without further consent by the applicable Pledgor, (iv) agrees that the issuers jurisdiction (as defined in Section 8-110 of the UCC) is the State of New York, U.S.A., (v) agrees to notify the Collateral Agent upon obtaining knowledge of any interest in favor of any person in the applicable Securities Collateral that is adverse to the interest of the Collateral Agent therein and (vi) waives any right or requirement at any time hereafter to receive a copy of the Security Agreement in connection with the registration of any Securities Collateral thereunder in the name of the Collateral Agent or its nominee or the exercise of voting rights by the Collateral Agent or its nominee.
Security Agreement
Borrower
Collateral Agent
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This Security Pledge Amendment, dated as of _________ __, 20__ (the ) is delivered pursuant to Section 5.1 of that certain Security Agreement dated as of September 25, 2012 (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Security Agreement), made by Steak n Shake Operations, Inc., an Indiana corporation (the ), the Guarantors party thereto and Fifth Third Bank, as Collateral Agent (in such capacity and together with any successors in such capacity, the ). The undersigned hereby agrees that this Pledge Amendment may be attached to the Security Agreement and that the Pledged Securities and/or Intercompany Notes listed on this Pledge Amendment shall be deemed to be and shall become part of the Pledged Collateral and shall secure all Secured Obligations.
Pledge Amendment
Security Agreement;
Borrower
Collateral Agent
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2
 
 
 
 
[Name of New Pledgor]
[Address of New Pledgor]
[Date]
____________________
____________________
____________________
____________________
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
 
Reference is made to that certain Security Agreement dated as of September 25, 2012 (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Security Agreement), made by Steak n Shake Operations, Inc., an Indiana corporation (the ), the Guarantors party thereto and Fifth Third Bank, as Collateral Agent (in such capacity and together with any successors in such capacity, the ).
Security Agreement;
Borrower
Collateral Agent
 
This Joinder Agreement supplements the Security Agreement and is delivered by the undersigned, [________________] (the ), pursuant to Section 3.5 of the Security Agreement.  The New Pledgor hereby agrees to be bound as a Guarantor and as a Pledgor by all of the terms, covenants and conditions set forth in the Security Agreement to the same extent that it would have been bound if it had been a signatory to the Security Agreement on the execution date of the Security Agreement.  The New Pledgor also hereby agrees to be bound as a party by all of the terms, covenants and conditions applicable to it set forth in the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents to the same extent that it would have been bound if it had been a signatory to the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents on the execution date or dates of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the New Pledgor hereby grants and pledges to the Collateral Agent, as collateral security for the full, prompt and complete payment and performance when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of the Secured Obligations, a Lien on and security interest in, all of its right, title and interest in, to and under the Pledged Collateral and expressly assumes all obligations and liabilities of a Guarantor under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents and a Pledgor under the Security Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  The New Pledgor hereby makes each of the representations and warranties and agrees to each of the covenants applicable to (i) the Pledgors contained in the Security Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (ii) the Guarantors under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents.
New Pledgor
 
 
 
 
 
Annexed hereto are supplements to each of the Schedules to the Security Agreement and the Credit Agreement, as applicable, with respect to the New Pledgor.  Such supplements shall be deemed to be part of the Security Agreement or the Credit Agreement, as applicable.
 
This Joinder Agreement and any amendments, waivers, consents or supplements hereto may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts together shall constitute one and the same agreement.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Joinder Agreement by telecopy or other electronic means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Joinder Agreement.
 
This Joinder Agreement shall be governed by, and shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, the law of the State of New York.
 
 
2
 
 
, the New Pledgor has caused this Joinder Agreement to be executed and delivered by its duly authorized officer as of the date first above written.
In Witness Whereof
 
 
 
 
[Schedules to be attached]
 
 
 
 
This (this ), dated as of by and among , a (the ), Fifth Third Bank (the ) and in its capacity as a securities intermediary (as defined in Section 8-102 of the UCC) (the ), is delivered pursuant to (i) that certain Credit Agreement dated as of September 25, 2012 (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the ) by and among Steak n Shake Operations, Inc., an Indiana corporation (the ), each of the Subsidiary Guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and several agents party thereto, including the Collateral Agent, and (ii) the Security Agreement.  This Control Agreement is for the purpose of perfecting the security interests of the Secured Parties granted by the Pledgor in the Designated Accounts (as defined below).  All references herein to the UCC shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York.  Terms used but not defined herein that are defined in the Credit Agreement shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement.
Securities Account Control Agreement
Control Agreement
[_________________]
[___________]
[____________] [__________]
Pledgor
2
Collateral Agent
[_______________]
Financial Institution
Credit Agreement
Borrower
 
1..  The Financial Institution hereby confirms that (i) the Financial Institution has established for the Pledgor and maintains the account(s) listed on Schedule 1 attached hereto (such account(s), together with each such other account maintained by the Pledgor with the Financial Institution collectively, the Designated Accounts and each a ), and (ii) each Designated Account is a securities account as such term is defined in Article 8 of the UCC.
Confirmation of Establishment and Maintenance of Designated Account
Designated Account
 
2..  The Collateral Agent shall at all times have control (as defined in Section 8-106 of the UCC) of any Designated Account; that unless and until delivery by the Collateral Agent of Notice of Sole Control pursuant to Section 7(i) hereof to the Financial Institution, the Pledgor shall have the right from time to time to write checks against and make withdrawals from and transfers of amounts in the Designated Accounts.  From and after delivery by the Collateral Agent of Notice of Sole Control pursuant to Section 7(i) hereof to the Financial Institution until such time as the Collateral Agent delivers written notice to the Financial Institution rescinding such Notice of Sole Control (such period, the ), the Financial Institution shall comply solely with entitlement orders (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(8) of the UCC) and instructions originated by the Collateral Agent without further consent of the Pledgor or any person or entity acting or purporting to act for the Pledgor being required, including, without limitation, directing disposition of the financial assets in each Designated Account.  Prior to and after the end of any Activation Period, the Financial Institution shall be entitled to honor the Pledgors instructions and directions with respect to any transfer or withdrawal of financial assets from the Designated Accounts.
Control
provided
Activation Period
 
____
1   
 
2    Insert applicable Loan Party.
 
 
 
 
 
3..  In the event that the Financial Institution has or subsequently obtains by agreement, operation of law or otherwise a security interest in any Designated Account, the Financial Institution hereby agrees that such security interest shall be subordinate to that of the Secured Parties.  The financial assets credited to any Designated Account will not be subject to deduction, set-off, bankers lien, or any other right in favor of any person or entity other than the Secured Parties (except that the Financial Institution may set off (i) all amounts due to the Financial Institution in respect of its customary fees and expenses for the routine maintenance and operation of the Designated Accounts, including overdraft fees, and (ii) the face amount of any checks or other items which have been credited to any Designated Account but are subsequently returned unpaid because of uncollected or insufficient funds).
Subordination of Lien; Waiver of Set-Off
 
4..  Both this Control Agreement and the Designated Account(s) shall be governed by the law of the State of New York.  Regardless of any provision in any other agreement, for purposes of the UCC, New York shall be deemed to be the security intermediarys jurisdiction (within the meaning of Section 8-110 of the UCC) and the Designated Account(s) shall be governed by the law of the State of New York.
Choice of Law
 
5..  As of the date hereof, there are no other agreements entered into between the Financial Institution and the Pledgor with respect to any Designated Account or any financial assets credited thereto (other than standard and customary documentation with respect to the establishment and maintenance of such Designated Accounts).  The Financial Institution and the Pledgor will not enter into any other agreement with respect to any Designated Account unless the Collateral Agent shall have received prior written notice thereof.  The Financial Institution and the Pledgor will not enter into any other agreement with respect to control of the Designated Accounts without the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent acting in its sole discretion.  In the event of any conflict with respect to control over any Designated Account between this Control Agreement (or any portion hereof) and any other agreement now existing or hereafter entered into, the terms of this Control Agreement shall prevail.  No amendment or modification of this Control Agreement or waiver of any right hereunder shall be binding on any party hereto unless it is in writing and is signed by all the parties hereto.
Conflict with Other Agreements; Amendments
 
6..  Except for the claims and interest of the Secured Parties and of the Pledgor in the Designated Account(s), the Financial Institution on the date hereof does not know of any claim to, or security interest in, any Designated Account or in any financial assets credited thereto and does not know of any claim that any person or entity other than the Collateral Agent has been given control of any Designated Account or any such financial assets.  If any person or entity asserts any lien, encumbrance or adverse claim (including any writ, garnishment, judgment, warrant of attachment, execution or similar process and any claim of control) against any financial assets credited to any Designated Account, the Financial Institution will promptly notify the Collateral Agent and the Pledgor thereof.
Notice of Adverse Claims
 
 
2
 
 
7..  In addition to, and not in lieu of, the obligation of the Financial Institution agreed in Section 2 hereof, the Financial Institution agrees to maintain the Designated Accounts as follows:
Maintenance of Designated Accounts
 
(i).  Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, the Collateral Agent may deliver to the Financial Institution a notice of sole control in substantially the form set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto (the ) with respect to any Designated Account.  If at any time the Collateral Agent delivers a Notice of Sole Control to the Financial Institution, the Financial Institution agrees that, after receipt of such notice, it will take all entitlement orders and other instruction with respect to such Designated Account solely from the Collateral Agent.  Without limiting the generality of the first sentence of this paragraph, upon receipt of a Notice of Sole Control, the Financial Institution shall follow all instructions given by the Collateral Agent, including, without limitation, instructions for distribution or transfer of any financial assets in any Designated Account to be made to the Collateral Agent.  No later than ten Business Days after such Event of Default shall have ceased to exist in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement, the Collateral Agent shall deliver written notice to the Financial Institution rescinding the applicable Notice of Sole Control.
 Notice of Sole Control
   
Notice of Sole Control
 
(ii).  The Financial Institution will promptly send copies of all statements and other correspondence (excluding routine confirmations) concerning any Designated Account to each of the Pledgor and the Collateral Agent at the address set forth in Section 11 hereof.  The Financial Institution will promptly provide to the Collateral Agent and to the Pledgor, upon the Collateral Agents request therefor from time to time and, in any event as of the last Business Day of each calendar month, a statement of the cash balance and financial assets in each Designated Account.
   
Statements and Confirmations
 
8..  The Financial Institution hereby makes the following representations, warranties and covenants:
Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Financial Institution
 
(i)            The Designated Accounts have been established as set forth in Section 1 hereof and each Designated Account will be maintained in the manner set forth herein until termination of this Control Agreement.  The Financial Institution shall not change the name or account number of any Designated Account without the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent.
 
(ii)           The Financial Institution is a securities intermediary, as such term is defined in Section 8-102 of the UCC.
 
(iii)          Al property credited to any Designated Account will be treated as financial assets, as such term is defined in Section 8-102 of the UCC.
 
(iv)          This Control Agreement is the valid and legally binding obligation of the Financial Institution, enforceable against the Financial Institution in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.
 
 
3
 
 
(v)          The Financial Institution has not entered into any agreement with any other person or entity pursuant to which it has agreed to comply with any entitlement orders or instructions with respect to any Designated Account.  Until the termination of this Control Agreement, the Financial Institution will not, without the written approval of the Collateral Agent, enter into any agreement with any person or entity pursuant to which it agrees to comply with any orders or instructions of such person with respect to any Designated Account.
 
(vi)         The Financial Institution has not entered into any other agreement with the Pledgor or the Collateral Agent purporting to limit or condition the obligation of the Financial Institution to comply with any orders or instructions with respect to any Designated Account as set forth in Section 2 hereof.
 
9..  The Pledgor and the Collateral Agent hereby agree that (a) the Financial Institution is released from any and all liabilities to the Pledgor and the Collateral Agent arising from the terms of this Control Agreement and the Financial Institutions compliance with the terms of this Control Agreement, except to the extent that such liabilities arise from the Financial Institutions gross negligence or willful misconduct, and (b) the Pledgor, its successors and assigns shall at all times indemnify and save harmless the Financial Institution from and against any and all claims, actions and suits of others arising out of the terms of this Control Agreement or the compliance of the Financial Institution with the terms hereof, except to the extent that such arises from the Financial Institutions gross negligence or willful misconduct, and from and against any and all liabilities, losses, damages, costs, claims, counsel fees and other expenses of every nature and character arising by reason of the same, until the termination of this Control Agreement.
Indemnification of Financial Institution
 
10..  The terms of this Control Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assignees.
Successors; Assignment
 
 
4
 
 
11..  Any notice, request or other communication required or permitted to be given under this Control Agreement shall be in writing and deemed to have been properly given when delivered in person, or when sent by telecopy or other electronic means and electronic confirmation of error free receipt is received or two days after being sent by certified or registered United States mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the party at the address set forth below.
Notices
 
 
Any party may change its address for notices in the manner set forth above.
 
12..  The rights and powers granted herein to the Collateral Agent have been granted in order to perfect the security interests of the Secured Parties in the Designated Accounts and are powers coupled with an interest that will be affected neither by the bankruptcy of the Pledgor nor by the lapse of time.  The obligations of the Financial Institution hereunder shall continue in effect until the termination of the security interests of the Secured Parties with respect to the Designated Account(s) and the Collateral Agent has notified the Financial Institution of such termination in writing.
Termination
 
13..  If any term or provision set forth in this Control Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Control Agreement, other than those provisions held invalid or unenforceable, shall be construed in all respects as if such invalid or unenforceable term or provision were omitted.
Severability
 
 
5
 
 
14..  This Control Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument, and any party hereto may execute this Control Agreement by signing and delivering one or more counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Control Agreement by telecopy or other electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Control Agreement.
Counterparts
 
 
6
 
 
Insert applicable Loan Party.
3  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Financial Institution]
[Address]
Attention: _______________________
 
Re:Notice of Sole Control
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
 
As referenced in Section 7(i) of the Securities Account Control Agreement dated as of [_________ __, 20__], among [applicable Pledgor], us and you (the ; capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Control Agreement) (a copy of which is attached), we hereby give you notice of our sole control over the Designated Account(s), account number(s): ___________________________ (the ).  You are hereby instructed not to accept any entitlement orders or any other order, direction or instructions with respect to the Specified Designated Accounts or any financial assets credited thereto from any person or entity other than the undersigned, unless otherwise ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction.
4
Control Agreement
Specified Designated Accounts
 
You are instructed to deliver a copy of this notice by facsimile transmission to .
[applicable Pledgor]
 
 
cc:
[applicable Pledgor]
4    Insert applicable Loan Party.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Financial Institution]
[Address]
Attention: _______________________
 
Re:Notice of Sole Control
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
 
As referenced in Section 7(i) of the Securities Account Control Agreement dated as of [_________ __, 20__], among [applicable Pledgor], us and you (the ; capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Control Agreement) (a copy of which is attached), we hereby give you notice of our sole control over the Designated Account(s), account number(s): ___________________________ (the ).  You are hereby instructed not to accept any entitlement orders or any other order, direction or instructions with respect to the Specified Designated Accounts or any financial assets credited thereto from any person or entity other than the undersigned, unless otherwise ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction.
7
Control Agreement
Specified Designated Accounts
 
You are instructed to deliver a copy of this notice by facsimile transmission to .
[applicable Pledgor]
 
 
 
cc:
[applicable Pledgor]
7    Insert applicable Loan Party.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This Copyright Security Agreement (this ), dated as of , by Steak n Shake Operations, Inc., an Indiana corporation (the ) and each Guarantor listed on Schedule 1 hereto (collectively, the together with the Borrower, the ), in favor of Fifth Third Bank, in its capacity as Collateral Agent pursuant to the Credit Agreement dated as of September 25, 2012 (in such capacity, the ).
Copyright Security Agreement
[_________________]
Borrower
Original Guarantors,
Pledgors
Collateral Agent
 
 
, Pledgors are party to a Security Agreement of even date with the Credit Agreement (the ) in favor of the Collateral Agent pursuant to which the Pledgors are required to execute and deliver this Copyright Security Agreement.
Whereas
Security Agreement
 
, in consideration of the premises and to induce the Collateral Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties, to enter into the Credit Agreement, the Pledgors hereby agree with the Collateral Agent as follows:
Now, Therefore
 
        .  Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Security Agreement and used herein have the meaning given to them in the Security Agreement.
Section 1.        Defined Terms
 
        .  Each Pledgor hereby pledges and grants to the Collateral Agent for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties a lien on and security interest in and to all of its right, title and interest in, to and under all the following Pledged Collateral of such Pledgor (collectively, the ):
Section 2.        Grant of Security Interest in Copyright Collateral
Copyright Collateral
 
        (a)        Copyrights of such Pledgor listed on Schedule 2 attached hereto; and
8
 
        (b)        all Proceeds of any and all of the foregoing (other than Excluded Property).
 
        .  The security interest granted pursuant to this Copyright Security Agreement is granted in conjunction with the security interest granted to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Security Agreement, and the Pledgors hereby acknowledge and affirm that the rights and remedies of the Collateral Agent with respect to the security interest in the Copyright Collateral made and granted hereby are more fully set forth in the Security Agreement, the terms and provisions of which are incorporated by reference herein as if fully set forth herein.  In the event that any provision of this Copyright Security Agreement is deemed to conflict with the Security Agreement, the provisions of the Security Agreement shall control.
Section 3.        Security Agreement
8   List the Copyrights identified in the Perfection Certificate.
 
 
 
 
 
        .  Upon the full payment and performance of the Secured Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations that, pursuant to the provisions of the Credit Agreement or the Security Documents, survive the termination thereof), upon written request of the Borrower, the Collateral Agent shall execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the Pledgors an instrument in writing in recordable form releasing the collateral pledge, grant, assignment, lien and security interest in the Copyrights under this Copyright Security Agreement.
Section 4.        Termination
 
 
2
 
 
, each Pledgor has caused this Copyright Security Agreement to be executed and delivered by its duly authorized offer as of the date first set forth above.
In Witness Whereof
 
 
 
 
 
   This agreement needs to be executed only by any Guarantor that owns Copyright Collateral.
9
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Registrations:
 
 
Copyright Applications:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This Patent Security Agreement (this ), dated as of September 252012, by Steak n Shake Operations, Inc., an Indiana corporation (the ) and each Guarantor listed on Schedule 1 hereto (collectively, the and together with the Borrower, the ), in favor of Fifth Third Bank, in its capacity as Collateral Agent pursuant to the Credit Agreement dated as of September 25, 2012 (in such capacity, the ).
Patent Security Agreement
,
Borrower
Original Guarantors,
Pledgors
Collateral Agent
 
 
, the Pledgors are party to a Security Agreement of even date with the Credit Agreement (the ) in favor of the Collateral Agent pursuant to which the Pledgors are required to execute and deliver this Patent Security Agreement.
Whereas
Security Agreement
 
, in consideration of the premises and to induce the Collateral Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties, to enter into the Credit Agreement, the Pledgors hereby agree with the Collateral Agent as follows:
Now, Therefore
 
        .  Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Security Agreement and used herein have the meaning given to them in the Security Agreement.
Section 1.        Defined Terms
 
        .  Each Pledgor hereby pledges and grants to the Collateral Agent for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties a lien on and security interest in and to all of its right, title and interest in, to and under all the following Pledged Collateral of such Pledgor (collectively, the ):
Section 2.        Grant of Security Interest in Patent Collateral
Patent Collateral
 
        (a)     Patents of such Pledgor listed on Schedule 2 attached hereto; and
10
 
        (b)     all Proceeds of any and all of the foregoing (other than Excluded Property).
 
        .  The security interest granted pursuant to this Patent Security Agreement is granted in conjunction with the security interest granted to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Security Agreement, and the Pledgors hereby acknowledge and affirm that the rights and remedies of the Collateral Agent with respect to the security interest in the Patent Collateral made and granted hereby are more fully set forth in the Security Agreement, the terms and provisions of which are incorporated by reference herein as if fully set forth herein.  In the event that any provision of this Patent Security Agreement is deemed to conflict with the Security Agreement, the provisions of the Security Agreement shall control.
Section 3.        Security Agreement
10    List the Patents identified in the Perfection Schedule.
 
 
 
 
 
 
        .  Upon the full payment and performance of the Secured Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations that, pursuant to the provisions of the Credit Agreement or the Security Documents, survive the termination thereof), upon written request of the Borrower, the Collateral Agent shall execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the Pledgors an instrument in writing in recordable form releasing the collateral pledge, grant, assignment, lien and security interest in the Patents under this Patent Security Agreement
Section 4.        Termination
 
 
2
 
 
, each Pledgor has caused this Copyright Security Agreement to be executed and delivered by its duly authorized offer as of the date first set forth above.
In Witness Whereof
 
 
 
 
    This agreement needs to be executed only by any Guarantor that owns Copyright Collateral.
11
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Patent Registrations:
 
 
Patent Applications:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This Trademark Security Agreement (this ), dated as of September 25, 2012by Steak n Shake Operations, Inc., an Indiana corporation (the ) and each Guarantor listed on Schedule 1 hereto (collectively, the together with the Borrower, the ), in favor of Fifth Third Bank, in its capacity as Collateral Agent pursuant to the Credit Agreement dated as of September 25, 2012 (in such capacity, the ).
Trademark Security Agreement
 
Borrower
Original Guarantors,
Pledgors
Collateral Agent
 
 
, the Pledgors are party to a Security Agreement of even date with the Credit Agreement (the ) in favor of the Collateral Agent pursuant to which the Pledgors are required to execute and deliver this Trademark Security Agreement.
Whereas
Security Agreement
 
, in consideration of the premises and to induce the Collateral Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties, to enter into the Credit Agreement, the Pledgors hereby agree with the Collateral Agent as follows:
Now, Therefore
 
        .  Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Security Agreement and used herein have the meaning given to them in the Security Agreement.
Section 1.        Defined Terms
 
        .  Each Pledgor hereby pledges and grants to the Collateral Agent for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties a lien on and security interest in and to all of its right, title and interest in, to and under all the following Pledged Collateral of such Pledgor (collectively, the Trademark Collateral):
Section 2.        Grant of Security Interest in Trademark Collateral
 
        (a)        Trademarks of such Pledgor listed on Schedule 2 attached hereto; and
12
 
        (b)        all Goodwill associated with such Trademarks; and
 
        (c)        all Proceeds of any and all of the foregoing (other than Excluded Property).
 
        .  The security interest granted pursuant to this Trademark Security Agreement is granted in conjunction with the security interest granted to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Security Agreement, and the Pledgors hereby acknowledge and affirm that the rights and remedies of the Collateral Agent with respect to the security interest in the Trademark Collateral made and granted hereby are more fully set forth in the Security Agreement, the terms and provisions of which are incorporated by reference herein as if fully set forth herein.  In the event that any provision of this Trademark Security Agreement is deemed to conflict with the Security Agreement, the provisions of the Security Agreement shall control.
Section 3.        Security Agreement
 
12      List the Patents identified in the Perfection Schedule.
 
 
 
 
 
        .  Upon the full payment and performance of the Secured Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations that, pursuant to the provisions of the Credit Agreement or the Security Documents, survive the termination thereof), upon written request of the Borrower, the Collateral Agent shall execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the Pledgors an instrument in writing in recordable form releasing the collateral pledge, grant, assignment, lien and security interest in the Trademarks under this Trademark Security Agreement.
Section 4.        Termination
 
2
 
 
, each Pledgor has caused this Copyright Security Agreement to be executed and delivered by its duly authorized offer as of the date first set forth above.
In Witness Whereof
 
 
 
 
 
     This agreement needs to be executed only by any Guarantor that owns Copyright Collateral.
13
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Patent Registrations:
 
 
Patent Applications:
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20121210060442.txt.gz
TIME:20121210060442
EVENTS:	Regulation FD Disclosure
TEXT:
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
Item 7.01.                      Regulation FD Disclosure.
 
On December 8, 2012, Biglari Holdings Inc. (the Company) issued a Press Release announcing the Companys 2012 Annual Report to the shareholders has been posted on the internet, where it can be accessed at . The report includes Sardar Biglaris annual letter to shareholders.
www.biglariholdings.com
 
 
 
 
 
SIGNATURE
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20130111170048.txt.gz
TIME:20130111170048
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
 
On January 11, 2013, Biglari Holdings Inc. (the Company or Licensee) entered into a Trademark License Agreement (the Agreement) with Sardar Biglari, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company (Licensor).  The Agreement was unanimously approved by the Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company.
Under the Agreement, Licensor granted to Licensee an exclusive license to use the name and mark Biglari (alone or in connection with other terms and/or designs) (the Licensed Marks) in association with the provision of investment services, franchising services, financial services, restaurant franchising (including business management assistance in the establishment and/or operating of restaurants), hospitality services, hotel management services, insurance services, restaurant services, retail and retail related services, real estate services and apparel (collectively, the Products and the Services) throughout the world.  Upon (a) the expiration of twenty years from the date of the Agreement (subject to extension as provided in the Agreement), (b) the death of Licensor, (c) the termination of Licensors employment by Licensee for Cause (as defined in the Agreement), or (d) Licensors resignation from his employment with Licensee absent an Involuntary Termination Event (as defined in the License Agreement), the Licensed Marks for the Products and Services will transfer from Licensor to Licensee without any compensation if Licensee is continuing to use the Licensed Marks in the ordinary course of its business; otherwise, the rights will revert to Licensor.
The license provided under the Agreement is royalty-free unless and until one of the following events occurs:  (i) a Change of Control (as defined in the Agreement) of Licensee; (ii) the termination of Licensors employment by Licensee without Cause; or (iii) Licensors resignation from his employment with Licensee due to an Involuntary Termination Event (each, a Triggering Event).  Upon the occurrence of a Triggering Event and for a specified period of no less than five years thereafter, Licensor will be entitled to receive a royalty from Licensee equal to two and one-half percent of revenues received by Licensee, its subsidiaries and affiliates from Products, Services and businesses associated with a Licensed Mark prior to or following the Triggering Event, as specifically provided in the Agreement.
This description of the Agreement is qualified in its entirety by the Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, which is incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
(d)
 
 
2
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
3
 
 
Exhibit Index
 
 
 
 
4
 

Exhibit 10.1
 
 
This Trademark License Agreement () is dated as of January 11, 2013, by and among Sardar Biglari () and Biglari Holdings Inc., an Indiana corporation ().
Agreement
Licensor
Licensee
 
 
           Licensor is the owner of the right to use and license and/or sublicense the name and mark Biglari (either alone or in connection with other terms and/or designs) in connection with goods and services and in the public name of businesses providing such goods and services, including, without limitation, the names and marks listed and described in attached (the ).
A.
Schedule A
Licensed Marks
 
           Licensor and Licensee enter this relationship to facilitate the cooperative development and growth of the goodwill associated with the Licensed Marks.  Licensee recognizes and acknowledges that all goodwill associated with the Licensed Marks inures to the benefit of Licensor.
B.
 
Now, therefore, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual promises contained herein, the parties have agreed as follows:
 
 
 
 
 
1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4
 
 
 
 
 
 
5
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
8
 
 
 
 
To Licensee:
 
Biglari Holdings Inc.
17802 IH 10 West, Suite 400
San Antonio, Texas 78257
Attention:  Bruce Lewis, Controller
 
To Licensor:
 
Sardar Biglari
c/o Biglari Holdings Inc.
17802 IH 10 West, Suite 400
San Antonio, Texas 78257
 
9
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
10
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
11
 
 
 
, the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 
 
12
 
 
 
Biglari
Biglari Holdings


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20130125161715.txt.gz
TIME:20130125161715
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
 
On January 25, 2013, Biglari Holdings Inc. (the Company) issued a Press Release announcing its financial results for its first fiscal quarter, which ended December 19, 2012.  The Companys Press Release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of this report.
 
The information in this Current Report, including the exhibit attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed  filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of such section.  The information in this Current Report, including the exhibit, shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any incorporation by reference language in any such filing, unless the Company expressly sets forth in such future filing that such information is to be considered filed or incorporated by reference therein.
 
 
(d) Exhibits.
 
 
2
 
 
SIGNATURE
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
3
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
San Antonio, TX, January 25  Biglari Holdings Inc. (NYSE: BH) announces its fiscal first quarter 2013 results:
Biglari Holdings Inc.s earnings for the twelve weeks, which ended December 19, 2012, are summarized below.  To become apprised fully of our results, shareholders should carefully study our 10-Q, which has been posted at .
www.biglariholdings.com
In the preceding table we separate earnings from our operating businesses as opposed to our investment and derivative gains/losses.  As of December 19, 2012, Biglari Holdings had $61.3 million of pre-tax unrealized investment gains, which if harvested in any given quarter can materially impact and thereby distort net income figures. The amount of realized investment gains may fluctuate from period to period. Because no predictive value exists, we encourage investors to analyze closely our business performance before they interpret the impact of realized gains.
Biglari Holdings currently holds its investments at market value, with unrealized appreciation, net of income tax effect included as a separate component of shareholders equity.  Shareholders equity can increase by the retention of earnings as well as by unrealized gains on marketable securities.
 
About Biglari Holdings Inc.
Biglari Holdings Inc. is a diversified holding company engaged in a number of business activities. Its most important operating subsidiaries are involved in investment management and the franchising/operating of restaurants. All major operating, investment, and capital allocation decisions are made by Sardar Biglari, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, on behalf of the Company and its main operating subsidiaries.
 
 
 
 
 
Comment on Regulation G
This press release contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. In addition to the GAAP presentations of net earnings, Biglari Holdings defines pre-tax operating earnings outside of the investment gains/losses of the Company and its consolidated affiliated partnerships.
Risks Associated with Forward-Looking Statements
This news release may include "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other federal securities laws. These statements which may concern anticipated future results are based on current expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ markedly from those projected or discussed here. Biglari Holdings cautions readers not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, for actual results may differ materially from expectations. Biglari Holdings does not update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements even if experience or future changes make it clear that any projected results expressed or implied therein will not be realized. Further information on the types of factors that could affect Biglari Holdings and its business can be found in the company's filings with the SEC.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20130205084448.txt.gz
TIME:20130205084448
EVENTS:	Other Events
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
Item 8.01.                      Other Events.
 
On February 5, 2013, Biglari Holdings Inc. (the Company) filed a registration statement on Form S-3 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) for a rights offering to its existing shareholders.  The rights offering will be made through the distribution of transferable subscription rights as a means of purchasing shares of the Companys common stock at a subscription price to be decided. Assuming the rights offering is fully subscribed, the Company expects to receive gross proceeds of approximately $50 million, minus the expenses of the rights offering.  The net proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes as well as for making acquisitions or investments. The Company has not identified any acquisitions or investments for which it intends to use the offering proceeds. It is important to note that the Company is in the business of owning other businesses in whole and in part without regard to any particular industry.
 
The Company has postponed a special meeting to implement a dual class structure of its common stock and thus gain increased flexibility in structuring acquisitions and financing transactions. In the absence of a dual class structure, the Company intends to conduct a rights offering as an alternative means of financing future acquisitions or investments to augment the Companys growth.
 
A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with the SEC but has not yet become effective.  Before the registration statement becomes effective, the securities may not be sold, nor may offers to buy be accepted. The rights will be issued to all shareholders as of a record date, yet to be determined.  The exercise price of the shares also has yet to be determined.  We will provide notice of the record date and exercise price in the future, as yet to be determined.  This filing shall not constitute an offer to sell, nor shall it constitute the solicitation of an offer to buy. The Company will not conduct any sale of these securities in any state in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state.
 
SIGNATURE
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20130405172329.txt.gz
TIME:20130405172329
EVENTS:	Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
TEXT:
ITEM: Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
 
On April 4, 2013, the Company held its Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Meeting). The total number of shares of the Companys common stock voted in person or by proxy at the Meeting was 1,333,295, representing approximately 92.99% of the 1,433,726 shares outstanding and entitled to vote at the Meeting.  The matters voted on by shareholders and the number of (and percentage of shares voted at the Meeting represented by) votes cast for, against or withheld, as well as abstentions and broker non-votes, if applicable, with respect to each matter is set forth below.
 
To elect the nominees listed below as directors of the Company:
Proposal 1.  
 
 
There were 228,874 broker non-votes with respect to the election of directors.
 
To ratify the selection by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the Companys independent registered public accounting firm for the 2013 fiscal year:
Proposal 2.  
 
 
To vote on a non-binding advisory resolution to approve the compensation of the Companys Named Executive Officers, as described in the Companys proxy statement with respect to the Meeting:
Proposal 3.  
 
 
 
3
 
 
To vote on a non-binding advisory resolution to determine the frequency (whether annual, biennial or triennial) with which shareholders of the Company shall be entitled to have an advisory vote on executive compensation:
Proposal 4.  
 
 
 
4
 
 
SIGNATURE
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
5
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:BH/BH-8K-20130517161409.txt.gz
TIME:20130517161409
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
 
On May 17, 2013, Biglari Holdings Inc. (the Company) issued a Press Release announcing its financial results for its second fiscal quarter, which ended April 10, 2013.  The Companys Press Release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and the information set forth therein is incorporated herein by reference and constitutes a part of this report.
 
The information in this Current Report, including the exhibit attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed  filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of such section.  The information in this Current Report, including the exhibit, shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any incorporation by reference language in any such filing, unless the Company expressly sets forth in such future filing that such information is to be considered filed or incorporated by reference therein.
 
 
(d) Exhibits.
 
 
2
 
 
SIGNATURE
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
3
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
San Antonio, TX, May 17  Biglari Holdings Inc. (NYSE: BH) announces its fiscal second quarter 2013 results:
Biglari Holdings Inc.s earnings for the sixteen and twenty-eight weeks, which ended April 10, 2013 and April 11, 2012, are summarized below.  To become apprised fully of our results, shareholders should carefully study our 10-Q, which has been posted at .
www.biglariholdings.com
 
 
:
Analysis of Results
In the preceding table we separate earnings of our operating businesses from our investment gains/losses.
 
Biglari Holdings currently holds its investments at market value, with unrealized appreciation, net of income tax effect included as a separate component of shareholders equity.  Shareholders equity can increase by the retention of earnings as well as by unrealized gains on marketable securities.  As of April 10, 2013, Biglari Holdings had $142.3 million of pre-tax unrealized investment gains, which if harvested in any given quarter can materially impact and thereby distort net income figures.
About Biglari Holdings Inc.
Biglari Holdings Inc. is a diversified holding company engaged in a number of business activities. Its most important operating subsidiaries are involved in the franchising and operating of restaurants. All major operating, investment, and capital allocation decisions are made by Sardar Biglari, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, on behalf of the Company and its main operating subsidiaries.
Comment on Regulation G
This press release contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. In addition to the GAAP presentations of net earnings, Biglari Holdings defines pre-tax operating earnings outside of the investment gains/losses of the Company and its consolidated affiliated partnerships.
Risks Associated with Forward-Looking Statements
This news release may include "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other federal securities laws. These statements which may concern anticipated future results are based on current expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ markedly from those projected or discussed here. Biglari Holdings cautions readers not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, for actual results may differ materially from expectations. Biglari Holdings does not update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements even if experience or future changes make it clear that any projected results expressed or implied therein will not be realized. Further information on the types of factors that could affect Biglari Holdings and its business can be found in the company's filings with the SEC.


</DOCUMENT>
